id,title,text,label
10020,President Trump’s Extreme Vetting Takes the Next Step…But Is It Enough?,"Will the new policy for face-to-face interviews with applicants for citizenship be enough to weed out terrorists who only plan on harming Americans?It s being reported that many seeking citizenship and asylum have converted to Christianity to better their chances of making it into their desired country:Breitbart News reported:Muslims migrating from Syria have admitted to converting to Christianity in a bid to boost their chances of being given asylum in the West, despite the risks associated with apostasy. Two Muslim Syrians living in Lebanon have told The Telegraph that they and their families have converted to Christianity because they believe it gives them a better chance of gaining asylum in the West, and because they can better access aid from Christian charities.Ibrahim Ali, who became homeless after moving to Beirut, told the paper:  A lot of people are doing it to get to Europe, the US and Canada. While I plan to stay in Lebanon, I know hundreds who been baptised just to help their applications. They would do anything to have security for their family. The Department of Homeland Security announced Monday that it will soon require more people to undergo in-person interviews before they can gain a firmer legal footing in the U.S., carrying out yet another part of President Trump s extreme vetting executive order.While the so-called travel ban on six Muslim-majority countries has garnered most of the attention, it was just a temporary measure designed to give the government the space to stiffen its regular checks so it could be more adept at denying potential terrorists entry.U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services announced one of those new policies Monday, saying it wants more people to have to face in-person interviews before they re giving permanent status in the country. Read more: WT",0
10021,"ONE BEER COMPANY Praised For Shutting Down Business To Help Texas Flood Victims, While Popular Pastor Joel Osteen Gets SLAMMED For Keeping Megachurch Doors Shut To Flood Victims","The Anheuser-Busch Brewery put beer production on hold this week, instead of canning safe drinking water to distribute to flooding victims affected by Hurricane Harvey.More than 50,000 cans of emergency drinking water will be sent from the brewing company s factory in Cartersville, Ga., a spokesperson for Anheuser-Busch said to FOX5.The water will be distributed at Red Cross shelters in Baton Rouge, La., where Flash Flood Watch is in effect through Thursday, according to the National Weather Service. Throughout the year, we periodically pause beer production at our Cartersville, Ga., brewery to produce emergency canned drinking water so we are ready to help out communities across the country in times of crisis,  said Sarah Schilling, brewmaster at the Anheuser-Busch brewery in a statement. Putting our production and logistics strengths to work by providing safe, clean drinking water is the best way we can help in these situations,  she said.   FOX NewsMeanwhile, Joel Osteen, the pastor of the Lakewood megachurch in Houston, TX, is being hammered on social for keeping the doors to his church closed to victims of the worst recorded flood in Houston s history. Osteen s net worth is valued at over $40 million. In the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, Joel Osteen tweeted to his followers:Victoria & I are praying for everyone affected by Hurricane Harvey. Please join us as we pray for the safety of our Texas friends & family.  Joel Osteen (@JoelOsteen) August 26, 2017Apparently, many folks on Twitter didn t feel as though the pastor, who also happens to be mega-rich, is doing enough to help the people who have supported his luxury lifestyle for years.One Twitter user published photos that were allegedly taken in the parking lot of the Lakewood megachurch following the massive flooding. If these pictures are indeed accurate, the Lakewood church appears to be unaffected by the flooding.UPDATE: Joel Osteen's Lakewood Church in Houston IS accessible. Their statement it's inaccessible is a LIE. Pic from 1-hr ago! pic.twitter.com/S8v57Bh68R  TRUMP 24/7 (@MichaelDelauzon) August 28, 2017This Twitter user reminded Olsteen that the church belongs to God and not to him. Collin Rugg tells Osteen to  Open up His doors & let the people of Houston in! Joel Osteen,""Your"" mega church doesn't belong to you, it belongs to GodOpen up His doors & let the people of Houston in!#HoustonStrong  Collin Rugg (@CollinRugg) August 29, 2017This Twitter user offered a similar sentiment:Joel Osteen has made millions in Jesus' name, but when it comes time to actually act like a Christian he fails spectacularly. #Houston  Lori O. (@lori_oh) August 28, 2017This Twiter user posted a picture of his Catholic priest actually working in the Houston floods to help victims.This is Father David Bergeron, the Father at my Catholic Church. He was out in a kayak yesterday blessing+helping ppl, Joel Osteen who???? pic.twitter.com/oVsNWniUsx  Triiodide Ion (@alfredomorenx) August 28, 2017Outspoken conservative Pastor Greg Locke reminded Osteen of his  obligation to show the love of Christ at this very moment , telling him to  OPEN THE DOORS. Joel Osteen, as a Pastor you have a huge obligation to show the love of Christ at this very moment. OPEN THE DOORS. #HoustonStrong  Pastor Greg Locke (@pastorlocke) August 28, 2017If the New Orleans Saints could open their stadium to the public during Katrina, Joel Osteen can open up his church for the Houston flooding  Collin Rugg (@CollinRugg) August 28, 2017Please understand that Joel Osteen does NOT represent Christianity. Never has, never will. @JoelOsteen #HoustonStrong #MAGA pic.twitter.com/5sSaUrzFvY  M A N them (@mikandynothem) August 28, 2017Joel Osteen's megachurch is designed for the rising tithe, not tide.  Eugene Gu, MD (@eugenegu) August 28, 2017",0
10022,Wow! Sheriff Joe Arpaio Considering Running Against This Unpopular Arizona Senator,"What a great idea! Sheriff Joe Arpaio is considering a run against unpopular Senator Jeff Flake He s got lots of support from the people of Arizona after serving as Maricopa County sheriff for 24 years. He d be a straight shooting senator, if elected. He would also be on board with the Trump Train unlike Jeff Flake.We think it s a possibility that if he runs he d win! He is 85-years old but sharp as a tack unlike some senators we know. Would you vote for Sheriff Joe? The bottom line is there s no way I m going to go fishing. I have no hobbies    Sheriff Joe ArpaioAfter receiving President Trump s first pardon, Joe Arpaio s plans have gone from possible prison to book-writing, speeches and potentially another run for office in Arizona, with Sen. Jeff Flake s seat one opportunity he is eyeing.The former Maricopa County sheriff told the Washington Examiner he s upset at negative reaction to the Friday pardon, and that he feels Republican politicians are insufficiently supportive of the president, who he calls a great man. I could run for mayor, I could run for legislator, I could run for Senate,  Arpaio said Monday. One particular race, however, is likely to gain significant attention: the GOP primary next year facing Flake, R-Ariz., a forceful Trump critic. I m sure getting a lot of people around the state asking me  to challenge Flake, said Arpaio, who served 24 years as sheriff before losing reelection in 2016.  All I m saying is the door is open and we ll see what happens. I ve got support. I know what support I have. Read more: WE",0
10023,LOL! CROOKED and IRRELEVANT HILLARY CLINTON GOES ON TOUR…Wait Till You See What She’s Asking Fans To Pay For Tickets,"Hillary Clinton will be back in the spotlight this fall for an unprecedented, big-ticket book tour for her new tome What Happened, with tickets priced as high as $1,200.On Monday, the ex-Democratic nominee announced  Hillary Clinton Live,  a 15-city tour, which includes stops in a handful of states she lost in the election last year.The astronomically priced tickets for Hillary s loser tour, certainly begs the question:  If no one came to see Hillary at her rallies (for free) when she was running for president, why would they pay $1,200 to hear the even more irrelevant Hillary Clinton whine about why she lost to Trump? Promotional materials for her first stop, at the Warner Theatre in Washington, D.C., promises Clinton plans to  let loose  and tell her audience a  personal, raw, detailed and surprisingly funny story  of her election loss and recovery.The website promoting the tour, HillaryClintonBookTour.com, features a quote from Clinton too. In the past, for reasons I try to explain, I ve often felt I had to be careful in public, like I was up on a wire without a net,  she said.  Now I m letting my guard down,  she pledged. The tour kicks off on September 18 in D.C. and continues on all through fall.Clinton is making stops in the trio of states that are largely blamed for her election loss: Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Michigan.Clinton is hitting up a trio of Canadian cities too, making appearances in Toronto, Montreal and Vancouver.Top-tier ticket packages in those cities cost $3,000 Canadian dollars for two seats, or, in American dollars, about $1,200 a pop.  Daily MailWill somebody who genuinely cares about her, please tell her how insignificant she is, so she and her irrelevant husband and daughter just go away? ",0
10024,5-YR OLD CHRISTIAN GIRL Forced To Live With Non-English Speaking Devout Muslims…Tells Her Christmas and Easter Are Stupid…Takes Away Her Crucifix,"A white five-year-old girl told her mother Christmas and Easter are  stupid  and European women are alcoholics after being fostered to two Muslim families, it was claimed today.The child, who is a native English speaker, also refused to take back her favorite meal   spaghetti carbonara   because it contained bacon   which Muslims do not eat.The child, who is a native English speaker, spent the past six months in two Muslim households after being placed into foster care in Tower Hamlets, east London.She was forced to live in Muslim foster homes where nobody spoke English and her carers took away her Christian cross and encouraged her to learn Arabic, according to The Times.Local authority reports describe how the little girl sobbed and begged not to be returned to her niqab-wearing carer s home, telling a social worker:  They don t speak English. The reports detail how the child was  very distressed  and claimed the foster carer had removed her Christian cross and encouraged her to learn Arabic.The two placements were made by the scandal-hit Tower Hamlets borough council against the wishes of the girl s family.Local authorities are required to give due consideration to a child s religion, racial origin and cultural and linguistic background  when placing them into a foster home.The girl s mother is said to be horrified by the circumstances her daughter has been placed in.A friend told the newspaper:  This is a five-year-old white girl. She was born in this country, speaks English as her first language, loves football, holds a British passport and was christened in a church. She s already suffered the huge trauma of being forcibly separated from her family. She needs surroundings in which she ll feel secure. Instead, she s trapped in a world where everything feels foreign and unfamiliar. That s really scary for a young child. Daily Mail",0
10025,WATCH: HISPANIC MAN WHO USED To “Beat up Trump supporters” Gets Choked Up In Passionate Speech About How LYING Media Turned Him Into A Trump Supporter,"Wow! This is one of the most powerful speeches you will ever watch. A Hispanic American, who is now a Trump supporter, lays bare his emotions for everyone to see, as he gets choked up explaining to a crowd how he used to be the guy who would  beat up Trump supporters . In his speech, he exposes the leftist media and how through deceptive editing they are able to make their viewers believe that President Trump and his supporters are  racists .This brave Hispanic man tells how before he  saw the truth , he used to be  hard-core anti-Trump  and if he was  still the old me , he  would beat up  all of the Trump supporters listening to hi speak. He recalled how he used to see a Trump bumper sticker on a car and would wait for the person who owned the vehicle so he could confront them. He went on to explain that if the Trump supporter he confronted would debate him, he would  beat their ass up .Watch, as this passionate Trump supporter explains how he was stunned to see how welcoming Trump supporters were when he attended his first Trump rally, and how the whole  Trump and his supporters are racists  narrative put forth by the media and by the Left is a complete lie:Credits to @Cernovich -it feels good when a @realDonaldTrump supporter mentions your name on a press conference! @Harlan @seanhannity #MAGA pic.twitter.com/3hpHPlfFTD  Marco Gutierrez (@MarcoGutierrez) August 27, 2017 ",0
10026,WATCH: NBC’S CHUCK TODD Attempts To “Normalize” ANTIFA TERROR GROUP…Interviews DARTMOUTH PROFESSOR Who Claims Violence Against Trump Supporters Is “Self-Defense” and “Ethical”,"Here is an excerpt from their coverage of Todd s interview:After decades of relative obscurity, the fringe  antifa  movement is becoming a household name after followers clashed with white supremacists at the Charlottesville  Unite the Right  rally where extremist Alex Fields is accused of murdering 32-year-old activist Heather Heyer in a car attack.But the movement is still loosely defined and organized, making it difficult to get a grip on its size and aims.Professor Mark Bray, a historian, and lecturer at Dartmouth, has tried to fill the gap in his new book,  Antifa: The Anti-Fascist Handbook,  that chronicles its rise. While Bray doesn t participate in the group s protests, he nonetheless considers himself an ally.Yesterday morning, in advance of the Antifa terror group s attacks on a small group of Trump supporters in Berkeley, NBC s Chuck Todd interviewed Richard Cohen of the radical, leftist Southern Poverty Law Center. Among the many leading questions, Chuck Todd had for the leftist hack Richard Cohen, Todd wanted to help viewers understand how the  sometimes  violent Antifa group is necessary to keep President Trump and his supporters (or  new alt-right groups ) in check.Richard Cohen:  Trump has tremendously energized White Supremacists movement in this country. There s never been a candidate in recent history who s been endorsed by the KKK Cohen goes on to call the people who have backed away from White Supremacists, the  Alt-Light .The what? After Chuck Todd set up the interview with the radical Richard Cohen, he shifted gears to include the pro-Antifa Dartmouth professor Mark Bray in the conversation. Todd conveniently never mentions that Dartmouth University has condemned Professor Bray and his endorsement of violence by Antifa to shut down free speech. Here is a statement from Dartmouth, that NBC s Chuck Todd conveniently glossed over:Here is the statement from Dartmouth, that NBC s Chuck Todd conveniently glossed over:Statement on Lecturer in History Mark Bray August 21, 2017 Recent statements made by Lecturer in History Mark Bray supporting violent protest do not represent the views of Dartmouth. As an institution, we condemn anything but civil discourse in the exchange of opinions and ideas. Dartmouth embraces free speech and open inquiry in all matters, and all on our campus enjoy the freedom to speak, write, listen and debate in pursuit of better learning and understanding; however, the endorsement of violence in any form is contrary to Dartmouth values. Watch this unbelievable interview: ",0
10027,LOL! WATCH ANTIFA THUG Cry Like A Baby After Berkeley Police Unmask and Arrest Her,"Americans watched in horror as live chopper video showed a massive group of Antifa thugs chasing down a lone Trump supporter like a pack of hungry wolves. Once they finally caught the Trump supporter, they surrounded him and began to beat him mercilessly. There were no police in sight.We had an exclusive conversation with a Bernie Sanders supporter who is also a Berkeley resident, who was beaten bloody after feeling compelled to step in help and defend the free speech rights of Trump supporters. The Sanders supporter was shocked to see that one of the Soros supported, Antifa thugs who attacked him was a woman. Although he didn t agree with everything they stood for, he still believed they had the right to free speech and that the Antifa thugs, Black Lives Matter and BAMN (By Any Means Necessary) had no business using violence or the threat of violence to silence them.Watch how the  tough woman  who was wearing a mask, responded to the Berkeley police officers who, according the Bernie Sanders supporter we talked to, had mostly moved to the perimeter of the violence and were allowing it to happen. For anyone who has a hard time believing that women are a part of this violent group, watch this disgusting thug cry like a baby while disrespecting the Berkeley police officers who arrested her.***LANGUAGE WARNING***A member of ANTIFA screams for her service animal. Probably shouldn't be out rioting if you need a service animal. pic.twitter.com/V3wuVn08lo  Based Monitored   (@BasedMonitored) August 28, 2017Here s another video showing a tough female Antifa thug flexing her muscles from behind a mask: https://twitter.com/LeighMartinezTV/status/901897070092574721Antifa thugs beat, and then poured urine on the small group of Trump supporters who came out to support a Trans woman in MLK Park who organized a rally for peace.#Antifa beat and pour urine on Trump supporter at #Berkeley. pic.twitter.com/OHYS6YN8L6  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) August 27, 2017",0
10028,"#Houston We Have a Problem! While Houston Mayor Defends No Evacuation, Scenes of Desperation Increase [Video]","Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner didn t tell his citizens to evacuate People are furious with him! Houstonians are now trapped 5 PEOPLE REPORTED DEAD This will only get worse with devastating flooding continuing to make waters rise even higher Gov. Abbott called for evacuations but local officials like the Houston mayor contradicted him. LOCAL LEADERS KNOW BEST,  Francisco Sanchez, spokesman for the Harris County Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Management, tweeted in response to Abbott s warning. There were no evacuation orders in Houston, and only ones in a few communities in Harris County, Sanchez stressed.In a follow-up tweet, Sanchez urged residents to heed the advice of local officials like Harris County Judge Ed Emmett and Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner, rather than Abbott.Local officials know best. Houston has no evacuation order. In Harris County: very limited to select communities. LOCAL LEADERS KNOW BEST. https://t.co/DpW11lb1En  Francisco Sanchez (@DisasterPIO) August 25, 2017Things have gotten so bad in Houston that the the US Army Corps of Engineers has announced plans to begin releasing water into Buffalo Bayou from two flood-control dams   in the attempt to prevent uncontrollable flooding downtown and near the Houston Ship Channel.Just horrific: Twitter is inundated with tweets from people begging for water rescues, as flood waters continue to rise across Houston. pic.twitter.com/SjFGWgQrWd  Matt McDermott (@mattmfm) August 27, 201715 NURSING HOME RESIDENTS EVACUATED IN DICKINSON, TX:City authorities said Sunday night that they had rescued more than 1,000 people who had been trapped on their roofs or in their homes.SHERIFF S DEPUTIES RESCUE TRUCKER FROM DEEP FLOODING:Houston s mayor on Sunday defended the decision not to evacuate the city ahead of the storm   insisting that to do so would have created an even worse  nightmare. If you think the situation right now is bad, you give an order to evacuate, you are creating a nightmare. Especially when it s not planned,  Mayor Sylvester Turner told ABC.HOUSTON WE HAVE A PROBLEMThe Texas Governor said it s not the time to second guess the Houston mayor:  Now is not the time to second-guess the decisions that were made,  Abbott said.  We re at the stage where we just need to respond to the emergencies and necessities the people of Houston have. The officials  comments came as everyone from hospital patients to TV anchors and prison inmates were forced to flee the ravaged southeast part of the state.Patients at Houston s Ben Taub Hospital were being moved to other medical facilities when water seeped into the basement, damaging its electrical system.KHOU-TV anchorman Len Cannon was on the air Sunday morning when he spotted water coming into the station. He and his co-workers were forced into a second-floor conference room.",0
10029,"Violence Erupts at Berkeley Antifa “Rally Against Hate”: Cops Chased, Female Reporter and Trump Supporters Attacked by Antifa {Video]","The Antifa thugs and anarchists decided to show up today for a  Rally Against Hate  which we could all be a part of Who isn t against hate, right? Making Trump supporters out to be hateful is what they want so desperately but THEY repeatedly show up to be the ones causing the violence and chaos.Antifa in Berkeley trying to murder a Trump supporter with pipes and sticks. pic.twitter.com/XgMcki9jXV  Hector Morenco (@hectormorenco) August 27, 2017They want to hijack the narrative and say that all those who don t believe what they do are  white supremacists  and  Nazis . Note the very professional banners they had out today wonder who paid for those?The problem is that we re on to these rent-a-mob domestic terrorists but why aren t the mayor, cops and those who are in charge in Bereley smart enough to put a stop to the violence and bullying by the Antifa terrorists? Can you answer that question? If you can, you ve been paying attention to what s happening all across America. Democrat Mayors and other leaders see it as an advantage when the cops are told to do nothing When they stand down then the crowd gets more and more violent and then the media finishes the job by lying about who started the violence and who was behind it from the beginning. See the pattern now?ONLY A HANDFUL OF TRUMP SUPPORTERS AND THEY GOT BEAT UP FOR WHAT?Where are the police? A masked terrorist army has invaded #Berkeley pic.twitter.com/OIdVSVRmRE  Mark Dice (@MarkDice) August 27, 2017LOOK WHO JOINED ANTIFA TODAY THE SOCIALISTS!Antifa greet @DSA arrival to MLK park in Berkeley. pic.twitter.com/9MOTo18OGd  Shane Bauer (@shane_bauer) August 27, 2017Why are the Berkeley cops standing down and letting the Antifa thugs run them out of MLK Park in Berkeley?Antifa chase cops out of MLK plaza in Berkeley. Police fire teargas. pic.twitter.com/tz5kQWFWD0  Shane Bauer (@shane_bauer) August 27, 2017 A woman attacked my photographer and I This is typical of Antifa. They re all about violence and shutting down the media. Scary times A woman attacked my photographer and I. #BerkeleyProtest #berkeley .@KTVU pic.twitter.com/LlzG9dBN4n  Leigh Martinez (@LeighMartinezTV) August 27, 2017",0
10030,WATCH: MALIA OBAMA ANGRILY SNAPS at Woman For Asking To Take Picture With Her Grandson at Harvard: “Are you gonna take it in my face like an animal in a cage?”,"The Obamas recently moved their oldest daughter, Malia, into her dorm at Harvard. After her gap year, which seemed to be spent participating in activities such as attending various music festivals, shaking her booty for the crowd, and rolling around on the ground, she, all of the sudden, seems to be not so fond of her fame anymore.It s been less than a week since Malia Obama moved into her dorm and officially became Harvard University s most famous freshman.Barack and Michelle Obama s first-born reacted angrily Saturday to a gawker who waited outside a campus store in order to snap a picture of the famous former occupant of the White House, TMZ reported.The gossip site said that eyewitnesses reported a woman approached Malia at a salad shop in Cambridge s Harvard Square asking for a picture for her grandson.After Malia politely declined, the woman walked reportedly walked outside and waited for her to complete her purchase and exit the store.As Malia left the store, the woman snapped a photo, prompting the newly minted college student to say:  Are you gonna take it in my face like an animal in a cage? Malia moved into her Harvard University dormitory on Monday afternoon, one day before her fellow students began arriving with their parents.The family was joined by members of the Secret Service as they pulled up to Malia s new residence in a two-SUV envoy.  Daily Mail ",0
10031,#HurricaneHarvey Weather Channel Reporter Retrieves Flag But What He Does Next Will Make Your Day! [Video],"Paul Goodloe was covering Hurricane Harvey for The Weather Channel when he spotted a downed American flag. What he did next was fantastic! Not only did he pull the flag out of the water but he folded the flag properly  Moment @weatherchannel reporter retrieved fallen American flag during Harvey pic.twitter.com/0l7f7VfLjg  Breaking911 Nature (@B911Nature) August 27, 2017 Showing respect for our flag is so refreshing since way too many people have been burning it lately. HOW TO FOLD AN AMERICAN FLAG:Fold the lower half of the stripe section lengthwise over the field of stars, holding the bottom and top edges securely. Fold the flag again lengthwise with the blue field on the outside. Make a triangular fold by bringing the striped corner of the folded edge to meet the open (top) edge of the flag.",0
10032,"NANCY PELOSI, DEMOCRATS and ANTIFA Force Conservative Prayer Group To Cancel Event Because “a lot of innocent people were going to get hurt”","Joey Gibson of the group Patriot Prayer had planned to hold a peaceful rally with a diverse array of speakers, but ultimately opposition from House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, other San Francisco Democrats and the Antifa movement proved too much. Mr. Gibson cancelled the Freedom Rally before it was scheduled to begin Saturday at Crissy Field in San Francisco, saying he feared it would erupt into a  huge riot  fueled by radical activists from antifa and By Any Means Necessary. It was the best thing to do for the city because the way it was set up is that a lot of innocent people were going to get hurt,  Mr. Gibson said during a press conference on Facebook Live.  That s a fact. A bunch of supporters, a bunch of antifa communists, normal liberals would have all been mixed together. It would have been a huge riot, and it would have been a disaster. A separate right-of-center event slated for Sunday in Berkeley called  No to Marxism in America  also was cancelled by organizers over fears of violence.San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee had urged residents instead to attend a rally at Civic Center Plaza, and thousands did, holding a  unite against hate  march while carrying anti-Trump signs and an enormous rainbow banner that said,  Rise and Resist! Ms. Pelosi had called on the National Park Service to reconsider Patriot Prayer s permit, describing the event as a  white supremacist rally. Reason has prevailed because the people of San Francisco have demonstrated our determination to protect the freedom of peaceful expression as well as public safety,  Ms. Pelosi said Saturday in a statement to the Mercury News.But Mr. Gibson accused San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee and Ms. Pelosi of stoking unrest by labeling the event as a white supremacy fest, even though most of the scheduled speakers were not white and Mr. Gibson himself is half-Asian. To call us white supremacists made San Francisco way more dangerous,  Mr. Gibson said.  Washington Times ",0
10033,"DEMOCRATS CONVENIENTLY FORGET 6,000 Prisoners Obama Pardoned Including Crack Dealer Who Committed Horrific Crime Against 3 Innocent Americans","Democrats are calling for President Trump s scalp after he pardoned America s toughest law enforcement officer on illegal aliens, Sheriff Joe Arpaio. How quickly the Left and their allies in the media forget about the massive release of felons that were returned to the streets after Obama released them just before he left office. The criminals he released included terrorists and even prisoners from  America s Most Wanted  list. One of his most reckless and horrific releases however, was that of Wendell Callahan, a convicted crack dealer who committed an unimaginable crime against an innocent family.A convicted crack dealer who left prison early as part of the Obama administration s mass release of federal inmates was  indicted by a grand jury for fatally stabbing his ex-girlfriend and her two kids in Columbus, Ohio. The gory crime drew national attention because the children, ages 7 and 10, were murdered to eliminate them as witnesses in the brutal massacre of their 32-year-old mother.This week a grand jury in Franklin County returned a 10-count, death-penalty indictment against the ex-con, 35-year-old Wendell Callahan, for the triple murders. Callahan broke into his ex-girlfriend s apartment and stabbed the three victims, according to a statement issued by Franklin County Prosecutor Ron O Brien announcing the indictment. The bloody crime scene was discovered by the woman s current boyfriend, who subsequently engaged in a fight with Callahan before he fled. The indictment includes charges of aggravated murder with prior calculation and design and aggravated murder of victims under the age of 13.  There are multiple charges regarding the three victim deaths because there are different methods to commit the crime of murder and the Prosecutor s Office typically charges all methods , O Brien stated. Callahan is in jail on $3 million bail and is scheduled to be arraigned later this week.Callahan should have been in jail when the crimes occurred, but he was released four years early because federal sentencing guidelines for crack dealers got reduced. The change was part of President Obama s effort to reform the nation s justice system as a way of ending racial discrimination. The initiative was technically launched back in 2010 when the president signed a measure that for the first time in decades relaxed drug-crime sentences he claimed discriminated against poor and minority offenders. This severely weakened a decades-old law enacted during the infamous crack cocaine epidemic that ravaged urban communities nationwide in the 1980s. As part of the movement the U.S. Sentencing Commission lowered maximum sentences for drug offenders and made it retroactive, leading to the early release of thousands of violent thugs like Callahan.In November of 2016, the administration began releasing 6,000 drug convicts coined  non-violent  offenders whose sentences were too long under the old guidelines. News reports quickly surfaced contradicting the administration s assessment that the newly released convicts were not violent. Among them was the leader of a multi-million dollar operation that smuggled drugs from Canada to Maine. Prosecutors refer to the 29-year-old con as a  drug kingpin  who was one of  America s Most Wanted.  Shortly before the administration s mass release of drug convicts, federal prosecutors warned that drug trafficking is inherently violent and therefore the phrase  non-violent drug offenders  is a misnomer. The nation s prosecutors also cautioned that reducing prison sentences for drug offenders will weaken their ability to bring dangerous drug traffickers to justice.As if it weren t bad enough that the administration is rewarding thousands of criminals with get-out-of-jail cards, huge amounts of taxpayer dollars are being spent on programs to help them find housing and jobs. Judicial Watch",0
10034,About Time! Christian Group Sues Amazon and SPLC for Designation as Hate Group,"All we can say on this one is it s about time someone sued the Southern Poverty Law Center!On Tuesday, D. James Kennedy Ministries (DJKM) filed a lawsuit against the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), the charity navigation organization GuideStar, and Amazon, for defamation, religious discrimination, and trafficking in falsehood. The SPLC listed DJKM as a  hate group,  while GuideStar also categorized it in those terms, and Amazon kept the ministry off of its charity donation program, Amazon Smile. We embarked today on a journey to right a terrible wrong,  Dr. Frank Wright, president and CEO at DJKM, said in a statement Tuesday.  Those who knowingly label Christian ministries as  hate  groups, solely for subscribing to the historic Christian faith, are either woefully uninformed or willfully deceitful. In the case of the Southern Poverty Law Center, our lawsuit alleges the latter. The SPLC has labeled DJKM an  anti-LGBT hate group  for its opposition to same-sex marriage and transgenderism.  These false and illegal characterizations have a chilling effect on the free exercise of religion and on religious free speech for all people of faith,  Wright declared. After having given the SPLC an opportunity to retract, we have undertaken this legal action, seeking a trial by a jury of our peers, to preserve our own rights under the law and to defend the religious free speech rights of all Americans,  the DJKM president concluded.The lawsuit laid out charges against the SPLC, GuideStar, and Amazon.Read more: PJM",0
10035,Kind Woman Brings Beer to Reporter During Hurricane Report: “Have some Galveston beer!” [Video],"A kind woman brought Fox News reporter Casey Stegall a beer on Friday as he was reporting live in the midst of Hurricane Harvey. With rain and wind pouring down, Stegall was reporting on site in Galveston, Texas. A woman ran over to him and his crew and handed the reporter a six-pack.  Have some Galveston beer!  she yelled to Stegall.Stegall thanked the woman, who ran off. He said that the beer would be enjoyed after the broadcast.  Just friendly people here,  he said. However, Stegall and his crew had bigger issues to worry about. I just want to say, my producer and everyone off camera is telling me that a tornado warning has just been issued for the Galveston area,  he said.Fox host Harris Faulkner wrapped up the broadcast, telling Stegall,  you gotta get out of there. ",0
10036,"Keith Olbermann to Betsy DeVos: “The Hurricane is Going to Do Less Damage to Schools Than You Are, Motherf*cker”","The lefty lunatic of the day just can t keep himself from being hateful and disgusting. It doesn t matter that he s calling a lady a  mother*cker . The vitriol is disgusting and has no place in ANY media outlet. Potty talk is for crybabies Keith Olbermann is a BIG one!The hatefulness coming from the left never ends If it s not Maxine Waters then it s DNC Chair Tom Perez with his potty mouth. Does the left think this will attract people to their party? They must Check out what Perez said about Republicans: OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON DNC CHAIR TOM PEREZ:  Republicans don t give a sh*t about people  DNC Chair Tom Perez was on MSNBC (video below) to answer to critics who didn t like his nasty speech last week.He appeared at an event held by New Jersey Working Families Alliance, a re-branded ACORN agency and gave a hateful and divisive speech. He claimed that, Republicans don t give a sh*t about people . Why the Democrats picked this far left radical is puzzling unless the Democrats plan on going full commie Perez is connected to the radical open borders group La Raza. Something tells us that Obama made this pick for the Democrats. Check out a defiant Perez doubling down on is nastiness:OUR PREVIOUS REPORT AND VIDEO BELOW:Perez has a long radical history connected to La Raza and other open borders organizations. His track record  is full on radical. e s in cahoots with Obama to continue the  fundamental transformation  of America. Anyone who s a Democrat should be shocked that he s taking the party in such a far left direction. Do your research and you ll know why he was the choice for Dem Chair.He just fired all Democrat Party staffers and is bringing in all new people. The party is clearly taking a new direction and it s not a good one for any American. DONALD TRUMP DIDN T WIN WATCH ENTIRE VIDEO:  Republicans don t give a sh*t about people  ",0
10037,SIX FACTS ABOUT Sheriff Joe Arpaio Case That Will Shut Down Every Liberal Crying “Foul” Over President Trump’s Pardon,"Attorney Dario Navarro was one of several leftists who were all of a sudden concerned about the  constitutionality  of President Trump s actions.If Trump issued pardon with specific intent to obstruct justice, it could be challenged as unconstitutional abuse of discretion. #Dems pic.twitter.com/1p9981yyMD  Dario Navarro (@darionavarro111) June 15, 2017Even the New York Times, who helped to sell Barack Obama s horrific Obamacare plan is concerned about Sheriff Joe Arpaio s pardon.Good case for #ArpaioPardon to be considered unconstitutional.Of course, we'd need a congress with a spine first https://t.co/8Z5M1rVr8u  Dimitri (@DimitriWillert) August 26, 2017On July 25, 2016,  America s Sheriff  Joe Arpaio was found guilty of misdemeanor criminal contempt without the benefit of a jury of his peers.Here are a 6 interesting facts that Breitbart News laid out, regarding the Sheriff Joe Arpaio case, that every American crying  foul  over President Trump s pardon yesterday needs to know: The US District judge who tried the case against Sheriff Arpaio was a Bill Clinton appointee. 1. The guilty ruling, by Bill Clinton-appointed U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton, is the latest chapter of a nearly decade-long saga of legal proceedings against Sheriff Joe initiated by leftist groups opposed to his aggressive policing of illegal aliens.The charges against 85 year old Arpaio stem from a civil rights suit demanding he cease  racial profiling  in his Maricopa County Sheriff s Office s immigration enforcement operations. After a federal judge issued an order demanding certain practices, Arpaio was charged with contempt for continuing to try to enforce the law as he saw fit.The misdemeanor charge was a ploy to prevent Sheriff Arpaio from having a jury trial. 2. Because Arpaio was charged only with a misdemeanor punishable by a maximum of six-months in jail, the U.S. Constitution does not guarantee him a right to trial by a jury of his peers. Arpaio and his attorneys repeatedly petitioned for a jury, only to be denied by Judge Bolton in March and again in May. Sources familiar with the proceedings have told Breitbart News the decision to charge only the misdemeanor was likely a ploy by federal prosecutors to avoid a jury trial in the community where Arpaio served as sheriff for more than 20 yearsAccording to the NCPD President, the DOJ had no evidence to make their case against Sheriff Arpaio.3. National Center for Police Defense (NCPD) President James Fotis, who was present in the courtroom, was highly skeptical a Phoenix jury could have ever found Arpaio guilty. He told Breitbart News:I sat through three days of testimony and it was clear from the beginning that the DOJ had no evidence to make their case. In fact, all of the DOJ s witnesses made it clear that Judge Snow s order was unclear and ambiguous. There is no way a jury would have determined that the Sheriff willfully and intentionally violated the judge s order. Judge Bolton s ruling has caused me to lose my faith in the court system and the federal judicial system,  Fotis added in a NCPD press release.Over 40,000 signatures were gathered on a petition by current and former law enforcement officers in support of Sheriff Joe Arpaio who they claimed spent his entire career upholding and defending the Constitution. 4. Fotis was hardly the first or only commentator to question the impartiality of Arpaio s prosecution. In June, his group managed to assemble over 40,000 signatures from current and former law enforcement officers in support of Arpaio, delivering them to the Department of Justice in Washington, DC.  After devoting 56-years of his life to upholding and defending the Constitution, Sheriff Arpaio deserves our nation s eternal gratitude   not jail time,  those petitions read.The Judge in the case should have recused himself, but refused to do so. 5. The initial racial profiling suit that eventually led to this conviction also took on political dimensions and its conduct was criticized. The judge in that case, G. Murray Snow, ignored calls to recuse himself based on the fact his brother-in-law is a partner at Covington & Burling, the firm representing those suing Arpaio and the Maricopa County Sheriff s Office.President Obama spent much of his 8 years in office trying to find a way to take down America s toughest Sheriff on illegal immigrants, who also headed up an independent investigation into the alleged fake birth certificate that would prove Barack Obama was not born in the United States. 6. The decision to criminally prosecute Arpaio was taken while the DOJ was run by Attorney General Loretta Lynch. It would be highly unusual for new leadership to intervene and drop an ongoing prosecution, and no such step was taken, despite the aforementioned petitions. ",0
10038,WATCH: FORMER DNC CHAIR Suggests President Trump Will Be Taken Out Before 2020 Election,"Former Democratic National Committee chairman Howard Dean hinted that President Donald Trump would not make it through his first term Friday on MSNBC s  Morning Joe. Discussing Sen. Jeff Flake s (R., Ariz.) remarks that Trump could be  inviting  a 2020 Republican primary challenger with his conduct in office, Dean suggested Trump could no longer be president by then anyway.Watch: Who knows if Trump is going to be around in 2020? Of his own volition, I think it s unlikely he ll be impeached, even if the Democrats take over [the House], although [Robert] Mueller could unearth some stuff that could lead to that,  Dean said.  I think this is unpredictable.   WFB ",0
10039,Ohio VFW Bans NFL’s Cleveland Browns Viewing After Anthem Protest: “We like our Browns…We love our flag more”,"The VFW in Strongsville, Ohio has it right. They re exercising their freedom to turn off the TV when the Cleveland Browns are on. What do you think about this ban? We think two can play this game Stand up for our flag and national anthem!THE STRONGSVILLE, OH VFW GETS IT!The Cleveland Browns anthem protest continues to reverberate through the region as residents take sides for and against the on-field activism.On Thursday, VFW Commander Tim Zvoncheck posted a message to his Facebook page, informing the public that his Strongsville post would no longer air games on Sundays.Zvoncheck s message reads: So tonight, I asked the membership of my post, VFW 3345, what they thought of the Cleveland Browns players kneeling during the National Anthem and the coaching staff backing their decision. Just as I suspected, the  boos  nearly tore the roof off. Effective immediately, VFW Post 3345 will no longer televise any Cleveland Browns games! We will never support any person or organization who disgraces the flag or the anthem that we fought for and so many or our brothers and sisters have died for! Until a formal apology by this organization is publicized and the utter disregard to America ceases, we, as veterans of this great country will not stand for this! We love our Browns, but we love our flag more God bless America and damn those who think differently! #RespectOurFlag A group of Browns players protested during the national anthem prior to Monday night s preseason game against the New York Giants.The sign outside of the VFW hall is fantastic!Read more: Clevland19 ",0
10040,WATCH: Black Vanderbilt Professor Exposes The REAL RACISTS In “The Inconvenient Truth About The Democrat Party”,"Why is the media not asking why Democrats are so hell-bent on vandalizing, protesting and destroying Confederate monuments, when they themselves, are the political party responsible for slavery in America? They so passionately believed in enslaving blacks, that they were willing to send their fathers and sons to war to ensure that blacks would remain slaves in the South.Americans need to ask themselves why the media never mentions  that the Democrats are the party responsible for slavery when they make them out to be some sort of heroes for attempting to whitewash (pun intended) an important part of our American history. In the video below, Vanderbilt professor Carol Swain brilliantly lays out the truth about the Democrat Party and how they have fought for decades to keep blacks down in America.",0
10041,The Real Reason Trump is Angry With McConnell and Ryan,"Undercutting President Trump s agenda is what McConnell and ryan do best. It was most obvious during the Obamacare effort to repeal and replace. It s maddening to us but can you imagine how President Trump feels?He tweeted out his frustration last week and we can t blame him:The latest effort to block the MAGA agenda is happening because of Ryan and Mcconnell AGAIN!The Daily Caller reports below:President Donald Trump is angry with Republican leaders because of a proposal floating around Capitol Hill that undercuts his legislative agenda and provides major concessions to Democrats, two conservative strategists with more than 40 years of Hill experience told The Daily Caller News Foundation.Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan are planning to pass legislation that would raise the debt ceiling and fully fund Obamacare subsidies through the 2018 election cycle, a source within the administration told TheDCNF. Leadership is also preparing to pass a short-term spending bill   a continuing resolution   that would fund the government through mid-December, include no appropriations for Trump s border wall, and continue funding to Planned Parenthood, the conservative strategists told TheDCNF.Trump called both Republican leaders out on Twitter Thursday, claiming he asked the pair to attach a measure to raise the debt ceiling to the recently-passed Veterans Affairs bill. He then went on to blame McConnell and Ryan for failing to follow through with his request, and said raising the debt ceiling  could have been easy.  Now the situation is  a mess,  he said.Read more: DC",0
10042,Democrats Won’t Have A Chance in 2018 Unless They Start to Do This,"The Democrats went down the path of identity politics long ago but it s only gotten worse in the past 8 years of Obama. He was a mater at dividing groups and pitting Americans against each other according to race, sex and gender. Americans figured it out in this past election when they elected Trump. President Trump has been working for ALL Americans!IDENTITY POLITICS=DEMOCRATSTHE NYP REPORTS:Open up the Republican Party Web site and you ll quickly see an article called  Principles for American Renewal  with 11 broad statements of principle such as this one under immigration:  We need an immigration system that secures our borders, upholds the law, and boosts our economy. Scroll down the Democrats  home page and you ll find a dull party platform with 93 bullet points and a list of links entitled  People.  Each link leads to a subgroup: Women. Hispanics. LGBT people.  Ethnic Americans.  There are 17 different groups, and a different message tailored for each.Republicans offer a vision to unite America. Democrats offer to break it down into pieces.The Democrats are all about divide-and-conquer tactics when what they need is a vision of our shared destiny and the things we all hold in common as Americans.  Liberals have become America s ideological third party, lagging behind self-declared independents and conservatives,  writes Lilla, a Columbia humanities professor and committed liberal who believes the single most important issue is on-demand access to abortion for women.President Trump sees what a value it is to keep the very divisive Nancy Pelosi: ",0
10043,Southside Chicago Blacks Fight Against Liberal Elites On Removing Statues: “Leave that statue alone!” [Video],"Rebel Pundit decided to follow a local activist to see what the Southside Chicago residents think about moving a statue of George Washington Surprisingly, they want to keep the statue where it is even though Washington was a slave owner. The video below is an interesting take on what some in the black community feel about the statue hoax.Bishop James Dukes wants the parks in Chicago s south side to be renamed for famous black leaders The opposition is coming from blacks who know the whole statue outrage is a hoax.Local activist Paul McKinley:  While they re taking about changing the name, our community needs jobs, contracts, and opportunity. This is a way to stop talking about black folks not working. Black folks get no contracts. Our schools are being closed down. Our houses are being boarded up. But you want to talk about a statue. He s so right!Read more: Rebel Pundit",0
10044,WIFE OF LIONS QUARTERBACK Matthew Stafford Just Sent A BRUTAL MESSAGE To NFL Players Who Disrespect Our Flag,"Not only is Detroit Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford s wife drop-dead gorgeous, she s also smart, patriotic, and apparently outspoken when it comes to professional athletes who refuse to stand for our national anthem. We couldn t stop smiling, as we read Kelly Stafford s passionate and patriotic Instagram message to her husband s fellow NFL players.Here s what Stafford wrote: If you think the country can be better, stand for the ideal. If you think the answer is people showing unity, stand with them. The anthem is not the national police song. The anthem is not the national racists song. The anthem is an exercise in how this country can endure and rise, how we can agree on its future potential, even while struggling with its present.The anthem s words depict a flag that is suffering through bombs and rockets. You could easily view those bombs and rockets as the challenges our democracy faces today, and the flag a symbol of rising above them.  -Mitch albomI ve been hesitant to talk about this, as I know I will get backlash from it.. but I believe we can stand and show our unity against everything that doesn t represent what this flag stands for.Let s stand united against terrorists, against racism, against white supremacists, against killing of cops, against police brutality, against sex slave trafficking.. against anything that is not the ideal for this country.Let s unite in the fact that God made us all unique and different and that is something we should cherish. You can disagree with me and that is totally ok.. let s use this forum to discuss (not yell at each other) and listen to one another.Here is the actual Instagram post: If you think the country can be better, stand for the ideal. If you think the answer is people showing unity, stand with them. The anthem is not the national police song. The anthem is not the national racists song. The anthem is an exercise in how this country can endure and rise, how we can agree on its future potential, even while struggling with its present. The anthem s words depict a flag that is suffering through bombs and rockets. You could easily view those bombs and rockets as the challenges our democracy faces today, and the flag a symbol of rising above them.  -Mitch albom I ve been hesitant to talk about this, as I know I will get backlash from it.. but I believe we can stand and show our unity against everything that doesn t represent what this flag stands for. Let s stand united against terrorists, against racism, against white supremacists, against killing of cops, against police brutality, against sex slave trafficking.. against anything that is not the ideal for this country. Let s unite in the fact that God made us all unique and different and that is something we should cherish. You can disagree with me and that is totally ok.. let s use this forum to discuss (not yell at each other) and listen to one another. #landofthefree #homeofthebrave #illstandwithyou #nfl #standunited #unitedwestandA post shared by Kelly Stafford (@kbstafford89) on Aug 23, 2017 at 4:45am PDTMost of the comments Stafford received on her Instagram post were positive, however, there are always gonna be haters out there, and for the haters, Stafford posted a follow up to her original statement (which also received mostly supportive responses):A post shared by Kelly Stafford (@kbstafford89) on Aug 23, 2017 at 7:55am PDT",0
10045,HEY CNN…REMEMBER OBAMA’S Notorious “Friday Night News Dumps” and When He REFUSED To Interrupt Golf On Martha’s Vineyard To Assess Historic Louisiana Floods?,"Republican Rep. Steve King: The base is going to behind President Trump's decision to pardon Joe Arpaio https://t.co/17fLpkPgcf  CNN (@CNN) August 26, 2017CNN was apoplectic about having to cover the hurricane when they had so many opportunities to manufacture news about President Trump. They published this story tonight as Hurricane Harvey was hitting the coast of Texas:3 headlines the White House hopes you ll miss as Hurricane Harvey hitsAs the strongest hurricane to make landfall in the US in more than a decade took aim at Texas, President Donald Trump s White House engaged in an age-old Washington tradition: the Friday news dump.Transgender individuals? Banned from joining the military. Convicted Sheriff Joe Arpaio? Officially pardoned. Controversial White House adviser Sebastian Gorka? Out of a white House job.All three headlines popped after 6 p.m. Friday as TV news broadcasts and websites turned their attention to Texas, where Hurricane Harvey was preparing to make landfall as a Category 4 hurricane   the most powerful to hit the US since 2004.CNN probably forgot about Barack Obama s notorious  Friday night news dumps Here are a few of Obama s greatest hits:From Hot Air:Isn t it funny what you can find out on Friday evening about what our executive branch does? For instance, Agence France-Presse reported last night that Barack Obama bypassed Congress to send $192 million to the Palestinian Authority, claiming that national security required the US to put money into Mahmoud Abbas  pocket.Congress deliberately froze those funds, and not just because of the statehood demand through UNESCO. Hamas, a terrorist organization, reconciled with Fatah and has rejoined the PA, which means we re putting almost $200 million into the hands of a terrorist organization. The language of the Palestinian Accountability Act could not be clearer:  [N]o funds available to any United States Government department or agency   may be obligated or expended with respect to providing funds to the Palestinian Authority.  Obama literally waived that statutory language off yesterday afternoon. From Politico:Reporters and Capitol Hill staff tracking the Solyndra saga know better than to make plans for Friday nights: That s when the Obama administration likes to dump documents requested by Congress.At least five times since last fall s bankruptcy filing and FBI raid of the California solar company, the White House and other agencies have chosen to release embarrassing emails and other materials late in the afternoon as the workweek ends   a time almost guaranteed to garner the least media attention possible.From Townhall:The Obama administration Friday pulled the plug on a major program in the president s signature health overhaul law   a long-term care insurance plan dogged from the beginning by doubts over its financial solvency. Targeted by congressional Republicans for repeal, the long-term care plan became the first casualty in the political and policy wars over the health care law. The program had been expected to launch in 2013.  This is a victory for the American taxpayer and future generations,  said Sen. John Thune, R-S.D., spearheading opposition in the Senate.  The administration is finally admitting (the long-term care plan) is unsustainable and cannot be implemented. While President Trump has had a very busy day today, he s clearly not so busy that he hasn t been focused on, and assessing what the federal government can do to help the victims of the hurricane this evening. Here is his latest tweet:We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you! @GovAbbott @FEMA @DHSgov pic.twitter.com/PryIqRxgLr  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 26, 2017Here s President Trump s tweet as the hurricane was hitting land in Texas:At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 26, 2017 Where was President Obama when the most serious natural disaster happened during his 8 years in office? He was golfing on Martha s Vineyard, and refused to leave his golfing vacation to assess the situation.President Obama is stirring resentment over his refusal to interrupt his Martha s Vineyard vacation to survey the Louisiana flood   the worst U.S. natural disaster since 2012   while drawing comparisons to President George W. Bush s hotly criticized response to Hurricane Katrina in the same state.Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson defended Mr. Obama at a press conference Thursday, insisting that the president is  closely monitoring  the situation but that he will not cut short his two-week breather in the tony Massachusetts resort. The president can t be everywhere,  Mr. Johnson told reporters in Denham Springs, Louisiana.Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards, a Democrat, backed him up, saying at the press conference that he is  not complaining in any way about our federal partnership. Even so, Mr. Obama s lack of urgency is drawing unflattering parallels to the federal response in 2005, when Mr. Bush was branded as uncaring and even racist for not touching down during a flyover two days after Hurricane Katrina.   Washington Times",0
10046,BREAKING NEWS: SEBASTIAN GORKA OUT…Are Ivanka and Jared Behind His Resignation?,"UPDATE: White House official says, ""Sebastian Gorka did not resign, but I can confirm he no longer works at the White House."" https://t.co/nHPCg5XhOW  Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) August 26, 2017According to The Telegraph, now that Mr Bannon is on the outside, he will target a ring of presidential advisers sometimes known as the  globalists . It includes Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump, chief economic adviser Gary Cohn, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, and National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, with whom Mr Bannon appeared to have lost a battle over putting more troops in Afghanistan. Now, only one week after Bannon leaves the White House, The Federalist is reporting that Sebastian Gorka has resigned from his post as Deputy Assistant to President Trump, according to multiple sources familiar with the situation.In a blunt resignation letter, the national security and counterterrorism expert expressed dissatisfaction with the current state of the Trump administration.  [G]iven recent events, it is clear to me that forces that do not support the MAGA promise are   for now   ascendant within the White House,  Gorka wrote.  As a result, the best and most effective way I can support you, Mr. President, is from outside the People s House. Gorka s letter expressed unhappiness with the direction the Trump administration s foreign policy has taken, as signaled by the president s recent speech on Afghanistan: Regrettably, outside of yourself, the individuals who most embodied and represented the policies that will  Make America Great Again,  have been internally countered, systematically removed, or undermined in recent months. This was made patently obvious as I read the text of your speech on Afghanistan this week The fact that those who drafted and approved the speech removed any mention of Radical Islam or radical Islamic terrorism proves that a crucial element of your presidential campaign has been lost Just as worrying, when discussing our future actions in the region, the speech listed operational objectives without ever defining the strategic victory conditions we are fighting for. This omission should seriously disturb any national security professional, and any American who is unsatisfied with the last 16 years of disastrous policy decisions which have led to thousands of Americans killed and trillions of taxpayer dollars spent in ways that have not brought security or victory. During his time in the Trump administration, Gorka focused on issues such as countering the Muslim Brotherhood, the crisis in Qatar, supporting efforts to draft a new long-term national security strategy, and combatting China s economic warfare. Before coming to the White House, Gorka was the Major General Matthew C. Horner Chair at Marine Corps University and also contributed to Breitbart News.Gorka s tenure at the White House was marked by unusually vociferous attacks against him and his family by left-leaning media organizations and the Democratic Party. This includes personal attacks against his wife, mother, and son.A source close to the White House said of his decision,  This was more or less going to be a done deal when Bannon submitted his resignation. Not because he didn t have a protector, but because there is no point in having your life ruined every day if you re not going to get much accomplished.  The same source said that what did change after Bannon left was that anti-Bannon factions began erecting bureaucratic road blocks to undermine Gorka internally. ",0
10047,Breaking: President Trump Pardons Sheriff Joe Arpaio [Video]," Reuters is reporting: U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday granted a pardon to former Arizona lawman and political ally Joe Arpaio, the self-proclaimed  toughest sheriff in America,  less than a month after he was convicted of criminal contempt in a case involving his department s racial profiling policy.Trump had signaled this week that the first presidential pardon of his administration would go to Arpaio, 85, whom he has frequently praised for his hardline immigration stance.Here s a hint from President Trump during his speech this past week in Phoenix: I think he s going to be just fine    President TrumpSTATEMENT FROM THE WHITE HOUSE:BREAKING: President Trump pardons former Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio pic.twitter.com/P56QQ3agmy  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) August 26, 2017",0
10048,LOL! LEFTIST RAG PUBLISHES Story About How President Trump Will Use Racist #HurricaneHarvey To Harm Blacks,"You just can t make this stuff up The leftist rag, Daily Kos actually wrote a story about how President Trump will disproportionately harm blacks after Hurricane Harvey attacks them in Texas.Here is the actual tweet pushing their insane story about a racist Hurricane Harvey:Hurricane Harvey poised to disproportionately impact blacks in Texas, but no one is talking about it https://t.co/A6JrT6CYUp  Daily Kos (@dailykos) August 25, 2017Here s an excerpt from the article:As Texas braces itself for Hurricane Harvey, the Trump administration remains woefully ignorant and unprepared. The current FEMA director is working to rewrite the Federal Flood Insurance Program so that the federal government bears less of the cost when disasters strike and flooding occurs. On the surface, that might sound like a fiscally responsible move. But it s loaded with inconsistencies and will most certainly not work out well for local cities, states or residents. Additionally, since Trump seems to be firing people weekly but taking his sweet time in hiring them, no one has been appointed to lead both the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association (NOAA) and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). DHS oversees FEMA and the Coast Guard so it s almost guaranteed that the response to this storm will be chaos. This is shaping up to be another Hurricane Katrina complete with a devastating impact on black and brown communities.Southeast Texas and the coastal bend regions of the state are expected to be the hardest hit. While Hispanics make up about 40 percent of the state s population, Texas has one of the largest black populations in the country. And they live concentrated in the areas that are predicted to be hardest hit. For example, several counties have already been declared a state of disaster by Republican Gov. Greg AbbottNoteworthy also is the high percentage of people in poverty [in Texas] who are African American women, especially single parents. Of the 24% of African Americans below poverty level, single mothers make up 65%. Daily Kos",0
10049,WHOA! Did “White Supremacist” Who Organized Charlottesville Protests Work For CNN? Were Protests Manufactured To Create Hate For Right and Trump?,"Has anyone seen Barack Obama lately? What about Valerie Jarrett, who actually MOVED IN to the Obama household shortly after exiting the White House? Why would Obama s 60-year old former senior advisor move into his house with his wife and daughter who is still in high school? Unless there was some obvious reason for her living with the Obama s, it makes no sense whatsoever. Why does no one in the media find this arrangement to be even remotely odd? Is it possible that Barack Obama and his evil puppet-master had something to do with orchestrating what many believe was a fake protest in Charlottesville, as a way to create hate for white people, the Right and more importantly to give Americans a reason to blame President Trump and the Republican Party for the actions of the racist groups who participated in the protests.Immediately after the violence in Charlottesville took place, President Trump took to Twitter and turned to the media to (rightfully) condemn both sides of the conflict.We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2017Curiously, the former president, who s been keeping a very low profile leading up to the Charlottesville protests, tweeted a response to Charlottesville. CNN called Obama s response on Twitter,  The most linked tweet in the history of Twitter.  CNN was so giddy over the response to Obama s tweet, they actually published an entire story on the success of his tweets:Former President Barack Obama s tweet reacting to the attack in Charlottesville, Virginia, is the most liked tweet ever on the social network.Obama s reaction to the Charlottesville attack is also the fifth-most retweeted behind a tweet from a teen who wanted free chicken nuggets from Wendy s, Ellen Degeneres  tweet from 2014 Oscars, a tweet from singer Louis Tomlinson to his One Direction bandmate Harry Styles and Ariana Grande s previously mentioned tweet.So, what exactly was the media s role in using the Charlottesville protests to push the false narrative that,  President Trump is a racist? Nation One News decided to do a little digging into the leader of the allegedly  White Supremacist  leader who organized the  Unite the Right  rally in Charlottesville, and here are a few very curious things they found:First of all, the ACLU defended Jason Kessler and forced the city to keep his permit in place. This was after the city raised concerns about the ability of Law Enforcement to keep Antifa, BLM, and the New Black Panthers from clashing with the White Supremacists who were attending with Jason Kessler.Here are a few things you need to know about Jason Kessler.First, he supports gun control. Second, he LOVES Obama and Clinton! Third, He LOVED the Iran deal struck by Obama!Fourth, Hates Republicans and compared them to Dahmer.Finally, he claims he was  Red Pilled  into becoming a Trump Supporter ?He claims he was  red pilled  by the  media instigating the Baltimore riots.  However, an Advanced search of his Tweets only reveals one Tweet raising questions or assigning blame for the Baltimore Riots. That Tweet was sent a month AFTER this so called  red pill  or change of heart.So who is this guy really? Well, at least some of rumors on the Internet are True, he was, in fact, a Liberal and he admitted it. His reason for changing his mind doesn t add up, based on the evidence.He has Tweeted 4843 times and he never mentioned the Baltimore Riots prior to his change of heart.One last thing.We are researching to determine if he used to work for or with CNN. CNN has not responded to our calls or emails. It is possible that another Jason Kessler worked for CNN, however, the Jason Kessler from Charlottesville have a gap in his Linked In profile from 2009 to 2013.According to SNOPES, the left wing  fact-checker  source, they ve talked to CNN, who confirms they never employed the Jason Kessler who clashed with BLM and Antifa in Charlottesville. So cased closed right?Here is what the LEFT-wing SNOPES had to say:Did Kessler write articles for CNN that were sympathetic to the Occupy movement?False. Kessler says he never worked for CNN, and we spoke to a source at CNN who confirmed it. A writer named Jason Kessler was once employed by CNN, and he did cover Occupy Wall Street protests among many other topics, but according to CNN it was not the same Jason Kessler who went on to lead Unite the Right.Except that Americans have become much less trusting of these so-called  fact-checkers  and sources they used to believe were honest about the news they reported. We no longer believe anything SNOPES or the Very Fake News CNN has to say. Jason Kessler used to run a blog called jasonkessler.net, however, the site is conveniently taken down. ",0
10050,WATCH: BLACK SPORTS HOST BLASTS White ESPN Sports Host For Asking White Athletes To Take A Knee During National Anthem,"When will Americans stop being afraid of standing up to leftist agitators and tell them,  NO!  When will Americans find a backbone and stop allowing the left to dictate what they re allowed to say or to feel? Why are white Americans allowing themselves and law enforcement officers of every race and ethnicity to be thrown under the bus, because we re led by the radical left to believe that it will somehow make us better people.Oddly, sports channels have decided to assume the role of America s social conscience. Sports used to be a unifying force for Americans, a place for perfect strangers to come together and bond over their love and support for a particular team. The Disney owned ESPN sports network has been working very hard to change that.Fear and intimidation are two of the tools the Left uses in order to make people comply with their message of unity through division. And according to one TV and radio sports host, these tactics are beginning to take hold in the NFL.Fox Sports 1 host Jason Whitlock joined Tucker Carlson Monday evening on Fox News   Tucker Carlson Tonight  to talk about the state of protesting during the National Anthem in the NFL.Whitlock understands that protesting is perfectly within players  rights as Americans, but he takes issue with the method in which people like unemployed quarterback Colin Kaepernick go about protesting. There are NFL players, black and white, who know that if you really want to address police brutality, social justice, inequality in this country, protesting the National Anthem is the perfect way for your message to get completely lost,  Whitlock told Carlson.NFL players have so many platforms on which to voice their approval or displeasure on whatever issue they re championing this week. But to use the National Anthem as the vehicle for their message only causes their message fall flat in the eyes of a lot of football fans. These  silent protests  don t make them look heroic, but rather selfish.Whitlock also posed an interesting theory to Carlson concerning players who aren t participating in these social justice protests. I want to know why NFL players aren t offering voices of dissent?  Whitlock asked. You can t tell me that there aren t NFL players who recognize the stupidity of the style of protest Colin Kaepernick has chosen,  Whitlock said.  But they re all afraid to say it because of the backlash. Another good point.We have seen sports entities like the NFL and ESPN become bastions of social justice promotion in an age where people are being divided into more groups than the  Divergent  series.  MRCTV",0
10051,LT GEN JOHN KELLY’S INCREDIBLE SPEECH Just Days After His Own Son Was Killed In Action: “Brave Men On Watch All Over the World Tonight—For YOU”,"Just days after the death of his own son in combat, Lt Gen John Kelly eulogized two other sons in an unforgettable manner:Two years ago when I was the Commander of all U.S. and Iraqi forces, in fact, the 22nd of April 2008, two Marine infantry battalions, 1/9  The Walking Dead,  and 2/8 were switching out in Ramadi. One battalion in the closing days of their deployment going home very soon, the other just starting its seven-month combat tour.Two Marines, Corporal Jonathan Yale and Lance Corporal Jordan Haerter, 22 and 20 years old respectively, one from each battalion, were assuming the watch together at the entrance gate of an outpost that contained a makeshift barracks housing 50 Marines.The same broken down ramshackle building was also home to 100 Iraqi police, also my men and our allies in the fight against the terrorists in Ramadi, a city until recently the most dangerous city on earth and owned by Al Qaeda. Yale was a dirt poor mixed-race kid from Virginia with a wife and daughter, and a mother and sister who lived with him and he supported as well. He did this on a yearly salary of less than $23,000. Haerter, on the other hand, was a middle class white kid from Long Island.They were from two completely different worlds. Had they not joined the Marines they would never have met each other, or understood that multiple America s exist simultaneously depending on one s race, education level, economic status, and where you might have been born. But they were Marines, combat Marines, forged in the same crucible of Marine training, and because of this bond they were brothers as close, or closer, than if they were born of the same woman.The mission orders they received from the sergeant squad leader I am sure went something like:  Okay you two clowns, stand this post and let no unauthorized personnel or vehicles pass.   You clear?  I am also sure Yale and Haerter then rolled their eyes and said in unison something like:  Yes Sergeant,  with just enough attitude that made the point without saying the words,  No kidding sweetheart, we know what we re doing.  They then relieved two other Marines on watch and took up their post at the entry control point of Joint Security Station Nasser, in the Sophia section of Ramadi, al Anbar, Iraq.A few minutes later a large blue truck turned down the alley way perhaps 60-70 yards in length and sped its way through the serpentine of concrete jersey walls. The truck stopped just short of where the two were posted and detonated, killing them both catastrophically. Twenty-four brick masonry houses were damaged or destroyed. A mosque 100 yards away collapsed. The truck s engine came to rest two hundred yards away knocking most of a house down before it stopped.Our explosive experts reckoned the blast was made of 2,000 pounds of explosives. Two died, and because these two young infantrymen didn t have it in their DNA to run from danger, they saved 150 of their Iraqi and American brothers-in-arms.When I read the situation report about the incident a few hours after it happened I called the regimental commander for details as something about this struck me as different. Marines dying or being seriously wounded is commonplace in combat. We expect Marines regardless of rank or MOS to stand their ground and do their duty, and even die in the process, if that is what the mission takes. But this just seemed different.The regimental commander had just returned from the site and he agreed, but reported that there were no American witnesses to the event just Iraqi police. I figured if there was any chance of finding out what actually happened and then to decorate the two Marines to acknowledge their bravery, I d have to do it as a combat award that requires two eye-witnesses and we figured the bureaucrats back in Washington would never buy Iraqi statements. If it had any chance at all, it had to come under the signature of a general officer.I traveled to Ramadi the next day and spoke individually to a half-dozen Iraqi police all of whom told the same story. The blue truck turned down into the alley and immediately sped up as it made its way through the serpentine. They all said,  We knew immediately what was going on as soon as the two Marines began firing.  The Iraqi police then related that some of them also fired, and then to a man, ran for safety just prior to the explosion.All survived. Many were injured   some seriously. One of the Iraqis elaborated and with tears welling up said,  They d run like any normal man would to save his life. What he didn t know until then, he said, and what he learned that very instant, was that Marines are not normal. Choking past the emotion he said,  Sir, in the name of God no sane man would have stood there and done what they did. No sane man. They saved us all. What we didn t know at the time, and only learned a couple of days later after I wrote a summary and submitted both Yale and Haerter for posthumous Navy Crosses, was that one of our security cameras, damaged initially in the blast, recorded some of the suicide attack. It happened exactly as the Iraqis had described it. It took exactly six seconds from when the truck entered the alley until it detonated.You can watch the last six seconds of their young lives. Putting myself in their heads I supposed it took about a second for the two Marines to separately come to the same conclusion about what was going on once the truck came into their view at the far end of the alley. Exactly no time to talk it over, or call the sergeant to ask what they should do. Only enough time to take half an instant and think about what the sergeant told them to do only a few minutes before:     let no unauthorized personnel or vehicles pass. The two Marines had about five seconds left to live. It took maybe another two seconds for them to present their weapons, take aim, and open up. By this time the truck was half-way through the barriers and gaining speed the whole time. Here, the recording shows a number of Iraqi police, some of whom had fired their AKs, now scattering like the normal and rational men they were some running right past the Marines. They had three seconds left to live.For about two seconds more, the recording shows the Marines  weapons firing non-stop the truck s windshield exploding into shards of glass as their rounds take it apart and tore in to the body of the son-of-a-bitch who is trying to get past them to kill their brothers American and Iraqi bedded down in the barracks totally unaware of the fact that their lives at that moment depended entirely on two Marines standing their ground. If they had been aware, they would have know they were safe   because two Marines stood between them and a crazed suicide bomber.The recording shows the truck careening to a stop immediately in front of the two Marines. In all of the instantaneous violence Yale and Haerter never hesitated. By all reports and by the recording, they never stepped back. They never even started to step aside. They never even shifted their weight. With their feet spread shoulder width apart, they leaned into the danger, firing as fast as they could work their weapons. They had only one second left to live.The truck explodes. The camera goes blank. Two young men go to their God.Six seconds.Not enough time to think about their families, their country, their flag, or about their lives or their deaths, but more than enough time for two very brave young men to do their duty   into eternity. That is the kind of people who are on watch all over the world tonight for you. ",0
10052,DEMOCRAT LEGAL EXPERT Shocks The Left With His Take On Statues [Video],"Legal expert and Constitutional law professor Jonathan Turley makes a case for why we need to ADD to statues and not take them down. He says we can learn more from keeping them up in direct opposition to what Democrats are saying:TURLEY RECENTLY ARGUED AGAINST THE REMOVAL OF THE GEORGE WASHINGTON STATUE: George Washington may have survived the winter at Valley Forge, but he may not see the end of the summer of Charlottesville. Bishop James Dukes of Chicago s Liberation Christian Center and others are calling for the removal of his and Andrew Jackson s statues and and stripping of their names from parks. Dukes insists that these monuments are  a slap in the face and it s a disgrace  for African Americans given their history as slave owning presidents.The bishop s call for the removal of our first president s statue is the latest effort to strip away the names of historical figures over ties to slavery or segregation. There is a movement to remove the name of Woodrow Wilson (who helped establish Princeton as a world academic institution) from buildings and schools, due to his support for segregation. The University of Virginia was founded by Thomas Jefferson, but last year, University President Teresa Sullivan was denounced by students and faculty for merely quoting our third president in a public message because he was a slave owner.The call to remove Washington s statue came less than a day after President Trump asked whether Washington would be next in the movement to remove statues like the Robert E. Lee monument in Charlottesville. The statement drew the ire of CNN s Jim Acosta who described the notion as absurd and said it was  taken as a sign that the president perhaps needs a refresher course and needs to go back to History 101.  History is precisely where this controversy should begin and end. Washington is rightfully condemned for his ownership of slaves. There were contemporaries like John Adams, John Jay, Benjamin Franklin and Alexander Hamilton who were outspoken critics of slavery. Franklin called slavery  an atrocious debasement of human nature,  while Adams referred to it as a  foul contagion in the human character.  These visionaries not only saw a great evil but answered the call of history to stand steadfastly against it.However, before Mayor Rahm Emanuel sends in the bulldozers into Washington Park, it is worth considering a few facts about our first president s history with slavery. Washington inherited a number of slaves at age 11 and received more slaves in his marriage to Martha Custis. However, he gradually came to oppose slavery. On the interim, Washington tried to assuage his guilt by refusing to sell slaves that would break up families, telling an associate that it was  against my inclination to hurt the feelings of those unhappy people by a separation of man and wife, or of families. After the war, Washington continued to discuss ways to convert his plantation from slaves to tenants at the suggestion of his close aide (and outspoken opponent of slavery) Marquis de Lafayette. By 1786, Washington wrote his friend Robert Morris,  I can only say that there is not a man living who wishes more sincerely than I do, to see a plan adopted for the abolition of [slavery]. In the end, Washington was the only one of nine slaveholding presidents (and the only slaveholding founder) who freed his slaves upon his death. Washington freed as many of his 317 slaves as possible. Some 123 slaves were his to emancipate while neither he nor Martha could free the so-called  Custis Dower slaves  (who remained property of the heirs to the estate of Daniel Parke Custis, Martha Washington s first husband). He further ordered that all of the elderly or sick slaves would be supported by his estate for the rest of their lives.So where does this leave us? With a complex and flawed figure who practiced a great evil while belatedly coming to reject it. He finished his life allied with his more enlightened colleagues but this is no reason to forgive his prior history. However, that is the point of history. It is never some neat narrative divided cleanly between demons and angels. Washington was a great leader who held a nation together through sheer leadership and stands as one of the few leaders in history to refuse to become a monarch himself.Curiously, Dukes does offer a concession. Washington Park and Jackson Park could be formally named after former Mayor Harold Washington and civil rights leader Rev. Jesse Jackson or singer Michael Jackson. It is unlikely to convince those who view these statutes as not simply reminders of past leaders but past struggles in an evolving society. The same cannot be said for Michael Jackson.  Thriller  may be the best selling album in history, but the Battle of New Orleans still has more of a hold on history.The fact is that we often learn as much from the failures as we do the triumphs of historical figures. Washington ultimately proved to be an early transitional figure in our ugly history of slavery. Washington himself described his desire at Mount Vernon  to lay a foundation  for a  rising generation  with a  new destiny  other than slavery.For my part, I am proud to teach at the George Washington University, whose charter was paid for by Washington himself as part of that same final testament. Of course, that does not mean we could not make other improvements. Another school in Washington is named after a British king, George II, who kept our nation under colonial oppression. After all, the moonwalk and robot dance steps did have a transformative impact on my generation  and  Jacksontown University  has a nice ring to it.Jonathan Turley is the Shapiro Professor of Public Interest Law at George Washington University. You can follow him on Twitter @JonathanTurley.READ MORE: THE HILL",0
10053,CNN PROPAGANDIST JAKE TAPPER Claims to Speak for You: “Great Concern” for President Trump’s “Stability” [Video],"Jake Tapper gave an Oscar-worthy performance with his fake concern for  most Americans  who he claims are thinking President Trump is  unfit for office . He jumped on comments made by Sen. Bob Corker last week, when Corker suggested that he doubted Trump s  stability  and  competence.  The left is thrilled with this idiotic comment from Corker Tapper and the Dems will ride this narrative for as long as they can!Tapper announced:  According to a new Quinnipiac University poll released this afternoon, voters overwhelmingly saying President Trump is not level-headed, 68 percent to 29 percent. Voters saying President Trump does not provide the U.S. with moral leadership, 62 to 35 percent. That he s not honest, 61 to 36 percent. Voters believe by a two to one margin that President Trump is doing more to divide the country than to unite it, 62 to 31 percent. Nearly six in 10 voters say President Trump s decisions and behavior have encouraged white supremacist groups. Now President Trump is a man who looks to numbers and to ratings. These numbers, sir, these numbers are disastrous. Tapper concluded with his effort to speak for the majority of Americans according to some poll:  You are no doubt pleasing your base, but your behavior is causing great concern among the majority of the American people. ",0
10054,FORMER SECRET SERVICE AGENT EXPLAINS TRUMP: “He’s a Queens guy”….”It’s time for the brawler” [Video],"Former Secret Service agent Dan Bongino has an explanation of the hometown identity of politicians and how it leads to an  insider swamp creature  like Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.Bongino defended President Trump and dismissed criticism by former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper who questioned Trump s  fitness  for office following a rally in Phoenix, Arizona. They just don t understand Trump. He s a Queens guy,  Bongino said on  Fox & Friends  Thursday.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON JAMES CLAPPER TRYING TO SLAM TRUMP S  FITNESS FOR OFFICE : Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper was way out of line and way too political last night when he showed his cards BIGTIME on President Trump. He followed the latest leftist line that Trump  isn t fit to serve Yes, the loony left has a new play book that makes the false claim that somehow Trump is  unfit  to be president.We ve reported on clapper before but his  not wittingly  comment before the Senate is legend. Remember when he was asked if the NSA spies on Americans and he replied  not wittingly ? Yes, well, that was perjury.More recently Clapper bashed President Trump during a discussion on national security and the Trump/Russia fake scandal.It s clear that Clapper is a political pawn who is out to try and make our president look bad. This is serious Deep State stuff.We re sure this isn t the end of James Clapper s involvement in the opposition to President Trump.",0
10055,BOXING LEGEND GEORGE FOREMAN Reveals How Trump Saved Him When He Was “Broke…Bankrupt”…BLASTS Athletes Like Kaepernick and Durant For Disrespecting Our Nation,"You can t be black and support President Trump. The intolerant left simply won t allow it Boxing legend George Foreman has had about enough of the disrespect of the United States he s seeing in some professional athletes, particularly Colin Kaepernick and Kevin Durant.In an interview on the Offended America Podcast on Monday, the 68-year-old former world heavyweight boxing champion blasted the national anthem protests and shunning of the White House by the likes of Kaepernick and Durant, suggesting they were born out of ignorance about just how privileged we are to live in this great country.As for Durant s announcement that he would not attend the White House if his Golden State Warriors are invited because he doesn t  respect who s in office right now,  Foreman said he and the others protesting Trump were just  sore losers. In the interview, Foreman also praised Donald Trump, who played a pivotal role in his personal comeback at age 42, helping to fund and promote his match with another boxing great, Evander Holyfield. Before the fight, Foreman said he was  broke   bankrupt.  But Trump, he said, helped save him financially. He s part of writing those checks so I could be back on the wealthy side again,  said Foreman. -Daily WireFox and Friends   Shortly after his inauguration, George Foreman offered some wise words of advice for his friend Donald J. Trump: The two-time world heavyweight boxing champion George Foreman sounded off on President Trump, saying he has to keep fighting in order to continue his  winning  streak.Foreman compared Trump s battles with the many opposition groups to the numerous boxing matches he participated in over the years. When you re in something like this, you just have to fight,  he said.Watch:He advised Trump not to listen to his detractors and stay on message, saying that while  in the ring  he would not listen to the  boos  from the crowd until he was home watching the match on tape. ",0
10056,PELOSI JUST FLUNKED CONSTITUTIONAL LAW: ‘You Can’t Cry Wolf in a Crowded Theater’ [Video],"Nancy Pelosi just flunked Constitutional Law! Pelosi repeated her request that the National Park Service deny a permit to an alleged  alt-right demonstration  called Patriot Prayer. Pelosi said  not allow these elements to use a national park to spew forth their venom.  She then said that  protecting people  was the Park Service s  first responsibility. This is a trend of the left lately they claim stopping free speech, protests and removing statues have become  homeland security  issues. Jeh Johnson just commented this week that we must remove statues because they ve become a  homeland security  issue. See where this is going? The left claims to be for free speech but in reality they aren t for anyone on the opposing side speaking out. This is getting into dangerous territory but not because of what the right is doing IronicJEH JOHNSON SUDDENLY THINKS CONFEDERATE STATUES ARE A THREAT TO HOMELAND SECURITY: This is rich! The guy who opened our borders to criminals during the Obama era is now telling us that statues are a homeland security threat?  Former Obama administration official Jeh Johnson said on This Week with Martha Raditz that the removal of Confederate statues was a matter of  public safety and homeland security  on Sunday Oh brother!According to David French of National Review:Where to begin? First, It s flat-out unconstitutional for the park service to deny a permit to any group simply because public officials deem the group s speech venomous. Even if their speech is truly vile, they have the same right of access to the park as any other expressive organization.Second, while we want law enforcement to protect people, it is also required to protect liberty. Any police force that maintains security without also protecting liberty has failed in its core constitutional function.Third, the quote is wrong. She s obviously referring to Oliver Wendell Holmes s famous statement in Schenck v. United States that  The most stringent protection of free speech would not protect a man in falsely shouting fire in a theatre and causing a panic.  Fire. Wolf. Whatever. It s not important compared to the next point below.Fourth, anyone who quotes Schenck is quoting bad law. In fact, it s one of the most  odious free speech decisions in the Court s history.  The court upheld the Espionage Act conviction of the secretary of the Socialist Party of America for writing and distributing a pamphlet opposing the draft during World War I. Schenck could never be sent to jail for this conduct today.",0
10057,RESPECT! STUDENTS BRAVE POURING RAIN To Take Down American Flag,"Patriotism is alive and well at this Florida school!COOPERGATE SCHOOL S FACEBOOK PAGE HAS A STATEMENT ON WHAT TWO YOUNG PATRIOTS DID: This is what RESPECT looks like at Coppergate. Two of our safety patrols, Nate and Isaac, quietly went to the courtyard and completed their flag duty in a driving rainstorm.Not only did they bring the flag down, they also stood in the wind and rain and calmly completed the 13 folds. Then Nate protected the flag as he walked with honor and respect to retire it for the day. We are so proud of Nate and Isaac for their responsibility, respect, devotion to duty, and love of country.HERE S THE STORY: Two Florida elementary school students are being praised for their show of respect for the American flag despite the pouring rain.Isaac Davis and Nate Helmath, both 11 years old, are safety patrols at Coppergate Elementary School in Middleburg and are in charge of lowering Old Glory at dismissal time.However, last week, a torrential rainstorm passed over the school, making flag duty a wetter-than-usual experience. Still, driving rains could not stop Isaac and Nate from doing their duty.The two brought the flag down and completed the 13 folds while standing in the pouring rain.Via: FOX News",0
10058,MARK STEYN’S HYSTERICAL Take On Hillary’s “Back Up You Creep” Comment In Her New Book [Video],"Steyn:  Now Hillary knows how Bill s victims feel Haha! Mark Steyn was awesome tonight on Tucker Carlson:Oh my gosh! We can t stop laughing at Steyn s account of Hillary on pretty much everything. The best had to be how Clinton lied about how she was named. Too funny!HERE S OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE BIG WHOPPER HILLARY TOLD ABOUT HER NAME: This story is from 2006 and is the first in a long series of Hillary s lies that we ll be exposing over the next couple of months For more than a decade, one piece of Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton s informal biography has been that she was named for Sir Edmund Hillary, the conqueror of Mount Everest. The story was even recounted in Bill Clinton s autobiography.But yesterday, Mrs. Clinton s campaign said she was not named for Sir Edmund after all. It was a sweet family story her mother shared to inspire greatness in her daughter, to great results I might add,  said Jennifer Hanley, a spokeswoman for the campaign.In May 1953, Sir Edmund and his Sherpa guide, Tenzing Norgay, became the first men to reach the summit of Mount Everest. In 1995, shortly after meeting Sir Edmund, Mrs. Clinton said that her mother, Dorothy Rodham, had long told her she was named for the famous mountaineer.  It had two l s, which is how she thought she was supposed to spell Hillary,  Mrs. Clinton said at the time, after meeting Sir Edmund.  So when I was born, she called me Hillary, and she always told me it s because of Sir Edmund Hillary. Even though Bill Clinton repeated the story in his 2004 autobiography,  My Life,  Hillary Clinton did not mention it in her own autobiography,  Living History,  which was published in 2003.But one big hole has been poked in the story over the years, both in cyberspace and elsewhere: Sir Edmund became famous only after climbing Everest in 1953. Mrs. Clinton, as it happens, was born in 1947. Via: NYT",0
10059,AMERICAN-MADE CONFEDERATE FLAG FACTORY Sees A Huge Change In Sales After Charlottesville,"You d think people would be afraid to order a Confederate flag after the riot in Charlottesville BUT this Alabama flag factory is seeing a huge jump in sales The story of how this single flag manufacturer was started and has flourished is bittersweet ALABAMA FLAG & BANNER SALES SURGE!Sales of Confederate flags surged at Alabama Flag & Banner, which may be the only company still manufacturing the flags in the United States. Belinda Kennedy, the owner, sees the flag as a historical symbol.Rebel flag sales are up since Charlottesville. One north Alabama shop may be the only flag manufacturer in America meeting the increased demand.Alabama Flag & Banner is located in a small strip near downtown Huntsville. Two years ago, the company began manufacturing the Confederate flag after retailers pulled it from their shelves in the wake of the mass shooting at the Emanuel A.M.E. Church in Charleston, S.C. in which nine people were killed by a white supremacist who d been photographed holding a Confederate flag.The country s major flag manufacturers stopped producing rebel flags. Eventually, said longtime owner Belinda Kennedy, Alabama Flag & Banner became the go-to manufacturer for hundreds of retailers across the country looking to stock American-made Confederate flags. Online orders boomed, too.Two weeks ago, after the deadly Charlottesville rally sparked a national debate about whether Confederate monuments should be removed from parks around the country, flag sales spiked again. After the church shooting (in 2015), Amazon and Walmart stopped selling (the flag) and people were afraid they wouldn t be able to buy it,  she said.  And then you started seeing streets renamed, schools being renamed, mountains being renamed. And then people started getting angry. And then there s another surge (in sales). Since 2015, Alabama Flag & Banner has sold an average of 600-800 Confederate flags a year. Before that, they typically made a handful of special orders per year because they were able to order flags from a larger manufacturer.Kennedy said there are now Chinese-made flags available elsewhere, and she s seen a handful of individuals online who hand-sew flags to order, but as far as she knows her business is the only one in the country currently manufacturing Confederate flags.About half of the Confederate flags at her shop are a more labor-intensive appliqued flag which retails for anywhere from $93 to upwards of $200. The rest are a less expensive screen-printed flag, which costs $38.50 for a 3  x 5  flag. Everybody s got a different reason (for buying),  she said.  By and large, I think people are afraid they may not be able to get it one day. Confederate flags represent only a fraction of her business, she said, and she has not needed to hire any extra help so far. She has a team of seven or eight seamstresses, some of them Hispanic, who work on the manufacturing side, hand-stitching appliqued flags and preparing the screen-printed flags.Downstairs in Kennedy s office is a double-frame picture of two of her great-great-grandfathers, who fought for the South in the Civil War. I think there is a bigger racial divide in our country than what we ve had in many years,  said Kennedy.  I think a lot of it is (because) we re trying to sanitize history. You ve got white supremacists, but then you ve got people like me who are history buffs, pushing back and saying, don t change history. Removing Confederate monuments is not right, she said. She echoed President Donald Trump s remarks about the Charlottesville violence, asking where the country should draw the line at removing monuments because founding fathers like George Washington and Thomas Jefferson owned slaves.The Confederate flag, in her view, has been co-opted for something it doesn t represent. She hated seeing it carried by white supremacists in Charlottesville. When you ve got people like the Ku Klux Klan and these neo-Nazi groups, the white supremacists, when they hijack the flag, that should be a crime,  she said,  because that s not what the flag is about. But that s what makes people so vehemently, adamantly opposed to the flag. Since 2015, Kennedy has been no stranger to attention, though she said she dislikes most of the publicity and news coverage surrounding the Confederate flag. Outlets such as CNN and Yahoo News have already interviewed Kennedy this week as part of coverage of the monument debate.A self-avowed Daughter of the Confederacy, Kennedy does not see herself as a crusader for the Confederate cause. But she doesn t accept that the flag   or monuments, for that matter   are anything more than a symbol of heritage or history. When we start trying to rewrite our history, we are forgetting our history,  she said.  Does anybody really think by taking down monuments and renaming mountains and taking down Confederate flags, that we are really going to see racism end? That s not going to fix it.Read more: AL.com",0
10060,LT COL TONY SHAFFER Slams Jim Clapper on Trump Criticism: “He’s an idiot!” [Video],"Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper was way out of line and way too political last night when he showed his cards BIGTIME on President Trump. He followed the latest leftist line that Trump  isn t fit to serve Yes, the loony left has a new play book that makes the false claim that somehow Trump is  unfit  to be president.We ve reported on clapper before but his  not wittingly  comment before the Senate is legend. Remember when he was asked if the NSA spies on Americans and he replied  not wittingly ? Yes, well, that was perjury.More recently Clapper bashed President Trump during a discussion on national security and the Trump/Russia fake scandal.It s clear that Clapper is a political pawn who is out to try and make our president look bad. This is serious Deep State stuff.We re sure this isn t the end of James Clapper s involvement in the opposition to President Trump.",0
10061,“DIRTY JOBS” HOST MIKE ROWE Absolutely Destroys Guy Who Called Him A White Nationalist," Dirty Jobs  host Mike Rowe went off on a guy who claimed Rowe is a  white nationalist . The usual happy-go-lucky Rowe was clearly ticked when he wrote back to Chuck Adkins.Chuck Adkins asked Rowe:  One of the tenants of white nationalism is that college educated people are academic elitists. Comment? No? I m not surprised. You never take a political stand because you don t want to alienate anybody. Its bad for business. I get it. But there is a current of anti intellectualism in this country   promoted by Republicans. Those people love you, and they think your initiative is their initiative. Meanwhile, the rest of the world is kickin our ass academically. Rowe responded with a blistering rebuke of Adkins and the liberal media: Since we re being candid, allow me to say how much I dislike your post. Everything about it annoys me   your smug and snarky tone, your appalling grammar, your complete lack of evidence to support your claims, and of course, the overarching logical fallacy that informs your entire position,  Rowe wrote.  What really bugs me though, is the fact that you re not entirely wrong. It s true; I haven t shared any political opinions this week, in part anyway, because doing so might very well be  bad for business. What can I say? I work for half-a-dozen different companies, none of whom pay me to share my political opinions. I run a non-partisan foundation, I m about to launch a new show on Facebook, and I m very aware that celebrities pay a price for opening their big fat gobs. Gilbert Gottfried, Kathy Griffin, Colin Kaepernick, Milo Yiannopoulos even that guy from Google who just got himself fired for mouthing off. There s no getting around it   the first amendment does not guarantee the freedom to speak without consequences. And really, that s fine by me,  he continued. So no   I m not going to share my personal feelings about Charlottesville, President Trump, or the current effort to remove thousands of statues of long dead soldiers from the public square. Not just because it s  bad for business,  but because it s annoying. I can t think of a single celebrity whose political opinion I value, and I m not going to assume the country feels any differently about mine,  Rowe wrote.  So, rather than blow myself up, or chime in with all the obvious observations about the cowardly scum in the pointy hats, I m going to talk instead about my belief that comments like yours pose a far greater threat to the future of our country than the existence of a memorial to Thomas Jefferson, or a monument to George Washington. Ready? Then Rowe started in on Adkins  insinuations. You say that White Nationalists believe that everyone who goes to college is an  academic elite.  You then say that Republicans promote  anti-intellectualism.  You offer no proof to support either claim, but it really doesn t matter   your statements successfully connect two radically different organizations by alleging a shared belief,  Rowe said.  Thus, White Nationalists and The Republican Party suddenly have something in common   a contempt for higher education. Then, you make it personal. You say that Republicans  love  me because they believe that my initiative and  their  initiative are one and the same. But of course,  their  initiative is now the same initiative as White Nationalists. He continued  Very clever. Without offering a shred of evidence, you ve implied that Republicans who support mikeroweWORKS do so because they believe I share their disdain for all things  intellectual.  And poof   just like that, Republicans, White Nationalists, and mikeroweWORKS are suddenly conflated, and the next thing you know, I m off on a press tour to disavow rumors of my troubling association with the Nazis! Far-fetched? Far from it,  Rowe continued.  That s how logical fallacies work. A flaw in reasoning or a mistaken belief undermines the logic of a conclusion, often leading to real-world consequences. And right now, logical fallacies are not limited to the warped beliefs of morons with tiki torches, and other morons calling for  more dead cops.  Logical fallacies are everywhere. Not near done, Rowe wrote,  As I type this, a Democrat on CNN is making an argument that says,  because Thomas Jefferson owned slaves, those Republicans now opposed to tearing down his memorial are  pro-slavery,  and therefore aligned with the modern day KKK.  That s a logical fallacy. Over on Fox, a Republican is arguing that  any Democrat who has not yet condemned the Senator from Missouri for publicly wishing that Donald Trump be assassinated, is guilty of wishing for the exact same thing.  That s a logical fallacy. Yesterday, on The Science Channel, Neil DeGrasse Tyson, a noted astronomer, tweeted that the ability of scientists to accurately predict the solar eclipse, was proof that predictions of global warming were also accurate. That s a logical fallacy. Then Rowe turned the tables on his accuser, continuing,  Want to hear another one? Imagine something like this, unfolding over on MSNBC. Good Evening, America, our top story tonight  Chuck Atkins is a racist! Why? Because he can t spell. Just look at his grammar! In a recent post on Mike Rowe s Facebook page, Mr. Atkins, while bemoaning America s global academic standing, not only misspelled  elitist,  he used  tenants  when he meant  tenets.  He neglected to use a hyphen in  anti-intellectual,  and he misplaced several commas and apostrophes! But why is he a racist, you ask? Simple. Because everyone knows racists are ignorant. Chuck Atkins is clearly a poor speller. Poor spelling and grammar are signs of ignorance. Ergo   Chuck Atkins is a racist! Boom! The matter is settled! There s not much we can do about the news, but here on Facebook, I think we can do better. This isn t Twitter,  Rowe said.  We re not limited to a few inflammatory sentences and a flurry of emojis. Take a moment, Chuck. Think. Make a rational argument. Otherwise, just link us to a cat video. People love those, and they re almost never  bad for business.  (Unless of course, the cat gets hurt. People hate that.) Just don t assume that people will care about your beliefs, if you re not willing to back them up with some relevant facts and a rational conclusion. Here, for instance, are a few facts that matter to me, with respect to my foundation and the recurring charge of  fostering anti-intellectualism. Rowe then defended his charitable work, writing,  mikeroweWORKS is a PR campaign for the skilled trades. For the last nine years, we ve partnered with numerous trade schools, raised millions of dollars for work-ethic scholarships, and called attention to millions of jobs that don t require a four-year degree. But that doesn t mean we re  anti-intellectual.  We re not even  anti-college.  We simply reject the popular notion that a four-year degree is the best path for the most people. And we re hardly alone. Millions of reasonable people   Republicans and Democrats alike   are worried that our universities are doing a poor job of preparing students for the real world. They re worried about activist professors, safe spaces, the rising cost of tuition, a growing contempt for history, and a simmering disregard of the first amendment. These people are concerned that our universities   once beacons of free speech   now pander to a relatively small percentage of students who can t tolerate any political opinion that challenges their own. And they re concerned   deeply concerned   that millions of good jobs are currently vacant that don t require a four-year degree, or any of the catastrophic debt that comes with it. Returning to the original attack, Rowe concluded,  Again   these are not the concerns of  anti-intellectuals.  They are the concerns of people who care about the future of the country. I don t know how many of these people are Republicans, but I can assure you that no one who actually supports my initiative is remotely confused about my feelings on education, because I ve been crystal clear on that topic from the very beginning. To quote Thomas Jefferson, (while I still can,)  If a nation expects to be ignorant and free and live in a state of civilization, it expects what never was and never will be.  On this point, my foundation does not equivocate. In other words, Chuck, I have no idea what The White Nationalists think about my efforts, or the Republicans, the Democrats, the elitists, the Italians, the Presbyterians, the unions, or the self-proclaimed anti-intellectuals. And really, I couldn t care less. My question is, why do you? Mike PS. Ok, I ve just re-read this, (in a desperate search for typos,) and I want to apologize for pointing out that you re a lousy speller. This is probably not the time to trot out The Grammar Nazi, but your tenor and tone pissed me off, and I responded in my own snarky way. Sorry,  he wrote. PPS Maybe this is how political correctness begins? Maybe we start by correcting each other s grammar, and then move on to the business of correcting everything else? Today a missing hyphen, tomorrow a missing monument. Or, maybe not,  he concluded.",0
10062,MEDIA GOES CRAZY Over Hillary Wishing She Would Have Told Trump: “Back Up Creep!” For Standing Too Close During Debates…Remained Silent When ACTUAL CREEPS Preyed On Any Female Within Arms Reach,"The media is in an all out frenzy today, as they attempt to help pump up the sales of the horribly flawed presidential candidate and Benghazi liar, Crooked Hillary, while attempting to trash our beloved president. Does the media, or Hillary really believe we re going to buy into their latest attempt to prop up America s biggest loser s book sales, while trying to paint President Trump as some sort of  creeper ?Here are just a few of the usual suspects who jumped in with this nothing burger story in an attempt to help Hillary sell her book: Cosmopolitan, the former fashion and beauty magazine, also chimed in on the nothing burger story to show their support for the crooked female who set the woman s movement back at least 50 years: Hillary how quickly you forget about the  creepy  people you ve surrounded yourself with for most of your adult life. Do you seriously think any American will take you seriously when you call President Trump a  creep  for standing to close to you, after your husband, who s been accused of rape and sexual assault by many women, had oral sex with a 19-year old intern in the Oval Office? What about serial creeper Joe Biden, who you just can t seem to get enough of?From the Trump-hating The Hill: Hillary Clinton writes in her new book that Donald Trump s attempts to  intimidate  her during the presidential debates made her  skin crawl  and that she wanted to tell him to  back up, you creep. What would you do? Do you stay calm, keep smiling and carry on as if he weren t repeatedly invading your space?  the 2016 Democratic nominee asks in her new book,  What Happened,  excerpts of which were released by MSNBC s  Morning Joe  early Wednesday. Or do you turn, look him in the eye and say loudly and clearly  Back up, you creep. Get away from me. I know you love to intimidate women, but you can t intimidate me, so back up.   Listen to the phony Hillary read an excerpt from her new book that will likely end up where the last book did, on a bargain basement shelf at Walmart.Coming up, we'll have a Morning Joe Exclusive on Hillary Clinton's new book, and here is a first look of Clinton discussing a debate. pic.twitter.com/xRkgcoTnKw  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) August 23, 2017Or this Was Hillary s poor health the reason for Joe Biden s  awkward embrace while they campaigned together in Pennsylvania, or was it simply just another perfectly acceptable creeper moment from the former Vice President.",0
10063,WATCH OUT RINOS AND DEMOCRATS! The 7 Senate Seats Most Likely to Flip,"We can t wait for next year s midterm elections! This will be a huge chance for Republicans to build a bigger majority in the Senate.The Senate map heavily favors Republicans who look solid except for a couple seats. Democrats don t have it so good. They ll have to defend 25 seats!Here are the seven most vulnerable Senate seats according to The Hill:Sen. Dean Heller (R-Nev.) Heller is the only Republican up for reelection in 2018 who represents a state that Hillary Clinton won last November. Making matters worse for Heller, he s had a rough 2017.Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) McCaskill is one of the few statewide Democratic officeholders left in Missouri, which Trump won by 19 points in November.Sen. Joe Donnelly (D-Ind.) Donnelly leveraged a bipartisan approach to politics and his blue-collar appeal into a Senate seat in 2012, but he ll have to fight yet another tough battle if he wants to keep his Senate seat in a state Trump won by 19 points.Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) Flake wouldn t rank this high in a normal election year, but a Republican president threatening to support a primary challenge to an incumbent GOP senator isn t normal, either.Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) In 2016, West Virginia went for Trump by a larger margin than any other state   42 points.Sen. Heidi Heitkamp (D-N.D.) Heitkamp hails from another deep-red state   North Dakota went for Trump by about 36 points.Sen. Jon Tester (D-Mont.) Republicans have a lot to like about their Montana prospects. Trump won the state by more than 20 points in November, and Republican Greg Gianforte just won the state s at-large congressional seat in a special election   even after he assaulted a reporter.",0
10064,WATCH KARMA IN ACTION: CNN GETS HIT With Tear Gas While Defending Violent Alt-Left Protesters At AZ Trump Rally,"The timing couldn t have been better. Just as Gary Tuckman, a reporter for Very Fake News CNN, was in the middle of a hit piece on President Trump, he was literally hit with tear gas being used by law enforcement to keep the radical Alt-Left protesters from harming innocent people who came to support our president at his Phoenix, AZ rally last night.Very Fake News CNN s Gary Tuckman, can be seen clearly struggling to speak to CNN host Don Lemon in the video below.Tuckman told Very Fake News CNN host Don Lemon,  All of our faces are burning, all of our throats are burning.   He also relayed what was very likely bad intel, to Lemon: There were some water bottles thrown at police and the next thing we felt were the burning tear gas.  But how does Tuckman know they were they bottles filled with water? The radical, and very violent Antifa group that CNN is working so hard to redefine as a kinder, gentler resistance group, was accused of throwing bottles of urine at free speech advocates and law enforcement in Charlottesville less than 2 weeks ago. So how does Tuckman know for certain that the bottles the  non-violent  group he is so quick to defend, were only filled with water? And since when is lobbing ANYTHING at police officers who are protecting our president and his supporters considered NON-violent?Earlier in the evening, another CNN reporter nearly got hit by the lit end of a smoke grenade.CNN may want to rethink this whole bunkering with Antifa thing during what appears to be ongoing, violent protests by the Democrat Partys  Soros funded Alt-Left groups.The Alt-Left came prepared last night, as they were seen proudly displaying their AR-15 s.",0
10065,ALT-LEFT ATTACKS PHOENIX POLICE…Karma Hits Back Where it Hurts [Video],"Unhinged Democrat protesters converged on the Phoenix Rally to disrupt and create chaos during and after President Trump s speech. There were several instances of police officers being attacked. This is why the video below has gone viral. Watch how the protester kicks the tear gas away then receives a rubber bullet to the groin. Nice shot!Phoenix Trump Protester Ignores Police Orders, Gets Shot By Pepper Ball Before Being Escorted Away By Personpic.twitter.com/gFKq1Yxqnr  Breaking911 (@Breaking911) August 23, 2017THE PROTESTERS BEAT ON A POLICE VAN:Protestors beating on police van arrested protestors inside pic.twitter.com/wTXHtRkWHT  Susanna Black (@SusannaBNews) August 23, 2017ANTIFA ATTACKS TRUMP SUPPORTERS LEAVING RALLY:Antifa lunged at us leaving the #PhoenixRally. Even punched black Trump supporter in the face for being  Nazi. pic.twitter.com/KwSFeLukv0  Democrats for Trump (@YoungDems4Trump) August 23, 2017GANG SIGNS FLASHED BEHIND REPORTER JEFF FLAKE:Alt-Left thug flashes gang signs behind @FoxBusiness reporter @JeffFlock outside @POTUS Trump rally! pic.twitter.com/V8aEWtlHoL  Jim Hoft (@gatewaypundit) August 23, 2017",0
10066,CLASSIC! TRUMP Hints At Sheriff Joe Pardon: “I’ll make a prediction. I think he’s going to be just fine.” [Video],"President Trump pulled a classic move that probably had Chief of Staff Kelly wishing he had some duct tape on him. After speculation had been high that Trump would use the rally to announce a pardon of Sheriff Joe Arpaio, President Trump hinted at it but suggested it wouldn t be very presidential SHERIFF ARPAIO WAS GIVEN JAIL TIME FOR JUST DOING HIS JOB!HE WAS A TARGET OF THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION WAY BACK IN 2015: Sherif Joe has been an Obama target since day one. This is another step in an effort to bring down Sheriff Joe.Sheriff Joe Arpaio is being accused of withholding records. Federal agents removed hundreds of id cards and hard drives from his office, under the orders of a federal judge.Judge Murray Snow held an emergency court hearing after learning that the Sheriff allegedly failed to hand over the items that are part of the investigation.It s just one of the latest allegations against Sheriff Joe Arpaio. They include allegations of racial profiling that he conducted an investigation into Judge Snow, and now his office may have kept evidence from the court.Federal Agents seized about 1,400 identification cards, and 50 hard drives. It s the stash of evidence that Judge Snow says Arpaio failed to hand over. The judge has finally put his foot down, he s drawn a line on the sand a long time ago, and I ll tell you what, he s had it up to here with the Sheriff s Office again, has refused to comply with the courts order,  said Lydia Guzman. Via: WZ",0
10067,#PhoenixRally ROCKS! WATCH: President Trump Calls Out “Antifa” Terror Group…Crowd Chants “CNN SUCKS”,"President Trump spoke to a huge and enthusiastic crowd tonight in Phoenix, AZ. It wouldn t be Donald J. Trump if he didn t call out our dishonest and very fake news media. Trump told the crowd,  Media doesn t want to report that I spoke out against violence and bigotry  in reference to his comments following the horrible clashes in Charlottesville, VA, where in the aftermath, Trump blamed both sides. The media quickly condemned him and tried to twist his words to make it appear as though he refused to condemn the KKK, simply because he wasn t willing to let the violent George Soros, anti-American group Antifa or the violent domestic terror group, Black Lives Matter off the hook for their part in the violent conflict.PRESIDENT TRUMP: ""Media doesn't want to report that I spoke out against bigotry and violence."" pic.twitter.com/mS66R0Gvzv  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) August 23, 2017Trump went after the media for pushing a false narrative and assisting the Democrat Party to divide our nation.PRESIDENT TRUMP: ""It's time to expose the crooked media's deceptions. And to challenge the media for their role in fomenting divisions."" pic.twitter.com/xWMInGrcbq  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) August 23, 2017It wouldn t be a Trump rally if the crowd didn t call out the fake media by chanting,  CNN sucks! WASHINGTON EXAMINER: Crowds chant ""CNN sucks"" after President Trump calls their ratings ""pathetic"" #PhoenixRally pic.twitter.com/vxfmJFbGRk  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) August 23, 2017The best part came when President Trump called out the radical, George Soros supported hate group, Antifa. Trump calls out ANTIFA. #PhoenixRally pic.twitter.com/2HwdEK3Fp6  Based Monitored   (@BasedMonitored) August 23, 2017Here s a great photo of the violent group Antifa at the Phoenix rally:Here's a partial view of the antifa contingent in Phoenix pic.twitter.com/zk2oxtveZd  Hunter Walker (@hunterw) August 23, 2017",0
10068,WATCH MAGA RALLY LIVE: President Trump Holds Massive Rally in Phoenix [Video],"PRESIDENT TRUMP IN PHOENIX SPEAKING TO HIS SUPPORTERS MAGA! Live Stream below:This is where President Trump is best! He s 100% right on what he s done so far for the American people ALL of the American people!WE BELIEVE PRESIDENT TRUMP WILL BRING UP AFGHANISTAN AND THE INCREASE IN TROUPS. HE SAID IT S ABOUT DEFEATING TERRORISM: Just a reminder that President Trump said he would  knock the h*ll out of ISIS  in the video below. We believe his move in Afghanistan is helping that cause .Here he is at the Rolling Thunder Rally Enjoy!Donald Trump addressed thousands of motorcyclists, many of them military veterans, attending the annual Rolling Thunder gathering to honor the nation s soldier missing-in-action. The bikers have been great supporters of Trump as he mentioned last week:  I am doing it in honor of the great bikers who have been totally supportive of my campaign and now I want to be supportive of them. I look forward to it! GREAT! WE MADE THE RIGHT CHOICE AMERICA!",0
10069,WATCH: MASSIVE Crowd Of Supporters Line Streets In Phoenix For Trump Rally….Supporters Chant: “WE LOVE TRUMP!”…”PEACE AND LOVE!”…While Alt-Left Protesters Carry AR-15’s To Rally…Bikers 4 Trump Pray For Peace," In the months and even weeks leading up the 2016 presidential election, so many Americans were fearful that the polls were correct. They worried that Hillary might actually be our next president. We warned people to ignore the polls and to ignore the leftist media. We told them the Democrat Party media was only trying to create the illusion that most Americans wouldn t vote for Donald J. Trump to demoralize his base. We implored voters to pay attention to the size of the crowds showing up for his rallies. We explained to them that the reason violent protests were breaking out at his rallies was because they were trying to distract from the truth about the massive numbers of Americans who were showing up to support candidate Trump.Nothing much has changed since the election, except for the level of vitriol and hate by Democrats who were blindsided by the media who promised them Hillary would win. Meanwhile, throngs of people are still showing up to attend President Trump s rallies. His supporters vehemently defend him on social media, and if their brave enough, his supporters may even admit to their friends or co-workers that they admire him for keeping his promises to them.It s been 7 months since President Trump s inauguration and the media is still up to their same dirty tricks. The media recently published a poll showing support for President Trump dropping. They continue to tell their viewers that Trump is wildly unpopular with Americans.Trump s rally tonight in Phoenix, AZ should silence some of the critics:Here s one of Trump s most vocal supporters, Scott Presler, who  showed up at the Phoenix rally tonight. Scott also happens to be a proud gay man. I support President Trump even more, now, than I did when I voted for him.That's saying a lot.#PhoenixRally #Phoenix pic.twitter.com/ZkYaG6gmbt  #ThePersistence (@ScottPresler) August 23, 2017Blacks 4 Trump also showed up in Phoenix to show their support for the President:A Puerto Rican Trump supporter wasn't having CNN's fake news at #PhoenixRally #FakeNewsHere pic.twitter.com/969SGAjdcy  Praying Medic (@prayingmedic) August 22, 2017Check out the massive line waiting to see President Trump and Vice President Pence:But-but-but Media tells me Trump's POLLS are at an all-time low!How can this be?It's UNpossible! #PhoenixRally pic.twitter.com/Lau6R1kmQT  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) August 22, 2017All one has to do is look at the crowd of supporters who showed up tonight to hear President Trump speak. His supporters know they could be struck with a baseball bat for wearing a Trump hat, they know they could be sucker-punched by a crowd of masked Soros paid Antifa thugs, or they may even have bottles of urine lobbed at them by Democrat activists, but they showed up anyhow, because they love our President, and they re not going to let these leftist goons keep them from showing their support for him.#PhoenixRally So many Trump supporters  Been here for 2 hrs & I'm still over a mile away! pic.twitter.com/oqvXC1R2Av  Agent Renee   (@ReneeCarrollPhx) August 22, 2017Watch the large AZ crowd chant,  Build the wall!  AZ is where it all started:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/900111429625409538Trump supporters love America and are grateful that we have a president who s actually willing to put our citizens first. That s why this booth in Phoenix tonight is empty:Not a single person at this booth. #PhoenixRally pic.twitter.com/D4EmUT7Uu1  ARYA MF STARK (@miss_linds_xo) August 22, 2017Bikers 4 Trump traveled from all over to help protect innocent Trump supporters from being harmed by Democrat agitators, and Antifa thugs. Here they are praying before the rally for peace:#BikersForTrump say a prayer before #PhoenixRally pic.twitter.com/XSkzbwzGik  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) August 22, 2017This Trump supporter brought a visual to remind everyone what happened to him the last time he wore a Trump hat to a rally:This man took a punch for Trump #PhoenixRally pic.twitter.com/eAFX8qn5rK  ARYA MF STARK (@miss_linds_xo) August 22, 2017Alt-Left protesters showed up to Trump s rally with AR-15 s. Pray for peace tonight. Pray for our President and for Vice President Trump who will join him at the rally:https://twitter.com/JackPosobiec/status/900146123352023042Citizen journalist Jack Posobiec exposes the Alt-Left protesters who showed up with AR-15 s:Breaking: Alt Left Shows Up Armed with AR-15s at #PhoenixRally https://t.co/hs9hrJvKdw  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) August 23, 2017Meanwhile, these Trump supporters chant,  Peace and Love . Of course MSNBC and CNN will never share this footage:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/900123886657953793Watch President Trump as he s greeted by cheering US Marines as he arrives at the airport in Phoenix:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/900118688594092032",0
10070,"WATCH: SMARTPHONE CAPTURES NEW BOATLOAD OF “Scared, Hungry Women and Children” On Their Way To Europe…While 6.6 MILLION More Are Waiting To Cross","Ask your liberal friends to tell you more about these  poor women and children  who are fleeing persecution from radical Islamists in the Middle East The recent surge of migration into Europe has been unprecedented in scope, with an estimated 1 million migrants from the Middle East and North Africa this past year alone, making for a massive humanitarian crisis, as well as a political and moral dilemma for European governments. But one crucial dimension of this crisis has gone little-noticed: sex or, more technically, sex ratios.According to official counts, a disproportionate number of these migrants are young, unmarried, unaccompanied males. In fact, the sex ratios among migrants are so one-sided we re talking worse than those in China, in some cases that they could radically change the gender balance in European countries in certain age cohorts.  PoliticoA leaked German government report has warned, that up to 6.6 million people are waiting in countries around the Mediterranean to cross into Europe, according to details of the classified report leaked to Bild newspaper.Here s a video that s being circulated on social media today, of a boatload of young, male immigrants who are speaking Arabic as they record their trip on a smartphone. Note to bleeding heart liberals: These are clearly not impoverished men or women and children who are escaping persecution by Islamic extremists.New boatload of scared/hungry women and children on their way to Europe. At least they had their smart phone to document the journey. pic.twitter.com/svLUy6mO9K  Based Monitored   (@BasedMonitored) August 22, 2017The high percentage of young males flooding European countries will soon be a very serious problem:Politico   As many governments, including in the United States, debate how many migrants to accept onto their shores, they would be wise to take gender balance into consideration. That might sound sexist on the surface, but years of research has shown that male-dominated societies are less stable, because they are more susceptible to higher levels of violence, insurgence and mistreatment of women. In Germany, scores of women recently reported being attacked on New Year s Eve by men whom the authorities describe as of  North African or Arabic  descent. While it is not yet known whether the alleged perpetrators were migrants, the attacks may finally be alerting policymakers to the risks of a male-dominated migration wave.Why would European societies, many of which rank highest on global measures of gender equality and stability and peace, jeopardize those hard-won and enviable rankings?That imbalance might not sound radical, but it is, especially when you look more closely at who those males are. It s true that many male migrants hope that, if granted asylum, they will be joined in Europe by their wives and children, who would help balance out national sex ratios. But importantly, more than 20 percent of migrants are minors below the age of 18, and the IOM estimates that more than half of those minors traveling to Europe are traveling as unaccompanied minors 90 percent of whom are males. This heavily male subset is all but guaranteed asylum because of their status as unaccompanied minors, but they get no special dispensation to bring spouses, especially since the European Court of Human Rights recently ruled that European Union countries are not required to recognize the legality of child marriages among migrants. ",0
10071,BUSTED! CRAIGSLIST AD EXPOSES Rent-a-Mob for Phoenix Anti-Trump Thugs,"The usual suspects are going to show up tonight for President Trump s rally in Phoenix, AZ. With Soros and Democrat donors throwing money at rent-a-mobs, you can bet the faux protesters will be out in droves tonight with their mass-produced identical signs. Craigslist had ads for tonight s rally asking for protesters:THE AD WAS FLAGGED:Real post on Craig s list that was flagged and removed asking for professional actors to protest TrumpInsane! pic.twitter.com/IAa1UMcZGf  Charlie Kirk (@charliekirk11) August 21, 2017MORE UNEMPLOYABLE YOUNG SNOWFLAKES PAID BY SOROS More unemployable young liberals paid by https://t.co/kcOLe2tAt3 Soros funding. Remember follow the money and ignore the idiots taking it. pic.twitter.com/KAiWqppz1T  Gay & Deplorable (@purplemeatballs) August 22, 2017Leading anti-Trump activists backed by major Democratic donors including George Soros are mobilizing large numbers of protesters ahead of President Trump s rally in Phoenix on Tuesday, with the intention of stealing the spotlight from the president s event.Local leaders of Indivisible, one of many  resistance  protest groups formed as a direct response to Trump s election, are organizing thousands of protesters associated with a coalition of left-wing groups ahead of Tuesday s event. In addition to organizing mass protests outside the rally, Indivisible is encouraging protesters to register for tickets for the rally itself, increasing the likelihood that protesters will disrupt Trump s speech, as often happens at Trump s rallies.Although originally founded by activists not backed by donors, Indivisible s website now states that the group  is a project of the Advocacy Fund,  a progressive advocacy group that receives money from the Open Society Policy Center, an arm of Soros  Open Society Foundations. That revelation follows USA Today s reporting in May that leaders of Indivisible and Women s March met with Democracy Alliance, a Soros-led network of left-wing donors, to discuss funding options.VIA: DAILY CALLERVia: Truthfeed",0
10072,TWISTED LIBERAL KINDERGARTEN Teacher Allows Transgender Student To “REVEAL” Her “TRUE GENDER” To Class,"Silly parents you don t get to decide if, or when to talk to your kids about the .03% of the population who consider themselves to be  transgender.  And oh yeah your kids teacher will also inform your child that the gender they re born with doesn t matter, and that they can actually choose the gender they identify with.  Because liberal educators know better than you what s best for your child.The Rocklin Academy school board is facing tough questions from parents concerned over a controversial incident involving transgender discussions inside a kindergarten class. These parents feel betrayed by the school district that they were not notified,  said Karen England with the Capitol Resource Institute.WATCH:The incident happened earlier this summer during the last few days of the academic school year.At Monday night s board meeting, the teacher at the center of the controversy spoke out. With emotions high, she addressed a packed house. I m so proud of my students, it was never my intent to harm any students but to help them through a difficult situation,  she said.The teacher defended her actions to read two children s books about transgenderism including one titled  I am Jazz.  She says the books were given to her by a transgender child going through a transition. The kindergartners came home very confused, about whether or not you can pick your gender, whether or not they really were a boy or a girl,  said England.And many parents say they feel betrayed and blindsided. I want her to hear from me as a parent what her gender identity means to her and our family, not from a book that may be controversial,  a parent said. My daughter came home crying and shaking so afraid she could turn into a boy,  another parent said.The issue was not on the agenda, so parents spoke out during public comment. It s really about the parents being informed and involved and giving us the choice and rights of what s being introduced to our kids, and at what age,  said parent Chelsea McQuistan.Many teachers also spoke out in support of what transpired inside the classroom. They spoke about the importance of teaching students about diversity and having healthy dialogues.Unlike sex education, the topics of gender identity don t require prior parental notice.  Sacramento CBS ",0
10073,"BOOM! CAMPING WORLD CEO TELLS TRUMP SUPPORTERS To Shop Elsewhere…NASCAR Legend Cancels $150,000 Order","Marcus Lemonis has no problem with some customers taking their RV and outdoor needs elsewhere. Close followers of NASCAR know Lemonis, CEO of Camping World, is a major player in the sport. His brand is the title sponsor of the truck racing series, while its subsidiary Overton s has sponsored multiple races and cars this season.Amid the flood of CEOs rushing to distance themselves from Trump s business councils after the U.S. president s wishy-washy denunciation of white supremacy last weekend, Lemonis on Wednesday appeared on CNBC s  Power Lunch,  where he seemed to suggest he wouldn t be shattered if people who supported Trump s comments decided to shop elsewhere. Marcus, you have a consumer-facing business, Camping World,  CNBC s Michelle Caruso-Cabrera asked.  So do you worry about, if you were on one of these councils, would you worry, thinking, wow, I ve got to deal with consumers every day, are they going to look at the business poorly because I m associated with the White House?  Lemonis  response:  There s no doubt that there is probably not many consumers in this country today that are in favor of what has been said in the last couple days   and if they are, frankly, don t shop at my business. Lemonis hasn t been shy about criticizing Trump and NASCAR chairman Brian France   who last year endorsed Donald Trump for president, for their past political views. He ripped France for endorsing Trump at a rally during last year s presidential election, and NASCAR was forced to move its postseason truck series banquet from Trump National Doral Miami resort in 2015 after Lemonis threatened not to attend.   NESNOne day later, Martin said he  regretted his remarks  after Camping World CEO Marcus Lemonis called him (Translation: The major NASCAR sponsor pressured him into publicly  regretting his remarks ):https://twitter.com/markmartin/status/899688975371206662Two days later, Martin posted an image of the Winnebago he would no longer be purchasing. He clearly appears to be sticking to his original statement.This was the @Winnebago i was wanting. Would have been fun for short trips. Probably wouldn't have used it much anyway. pic.twitter.com/ma8wROB43q  Mark Martin (@markmartin) August 22, 2017 ",0
10074,ANTIFA BEWARE! BIKERS FOR TRUMP Makes Huge Announcement On Tonight’s Phoenix Rally [VIDEO],"BIKERS FOR TRUMP announced their support for Pro-Trump attendees at tonight s Phoenix Rally for Trump. This just got more interesting because the bikers will not put up with the Antifa violence. Check out the announcement below:The statement released by bikers for Trump s Steven emery:This group of brave Patriots deserves our support! Please check out the Go Fund Me for bikers for Trump.Don t forget that violence against trump supporters has been over-the-top since last year. How could we forget the Chicago, San Diego and other cities that brought out the leftists who only wanted violence.It s a good thing Bikers for Trump will be a presence in Phoenix tonight. Please pray for their safety.IN CASE YOU FORGOT ABOUT WHAT THE LEFT DID LAST YEAR:When will the media report on this nice group of illegal aliens and racist American thugs SINCE THE MEDIA WON T REPORT ON ATTACKS ON CONSERVATIVE TRUMP SUPPORTERS, WE VE GOT THE LIST FOR YOU: Pro-Trump supporters have known the truth for a long time that conservatives are being attacked. Do you have any idea of the number of attacks? You might be shocked to see the list created by The Daily Caller.We feel like it s even more important to know who s behind the effort to attack and silence conservatives in America. There are groups like MoveOn.org and Black Lives Matter that have been instigating violence in a big way. Antifa is the worst with their tactics of extreme violence and destruction.Just as destructive as the violence is the left s effort to hijack the narrative anytime something happens between both sides. It s an Alinsky tactic that the left has been using long before President Trump came on the scene. The only difference now is that they re on overdrive with the attacks on Trump! It s downright scary!Take the The Huffington Post s recent article calling for the execution of Trump and  everyone assisting his agenda. If you ve noticed a hijacking of the narrative on just about everything to do with President Trump then look no further than the attack on his comments yesterday. Trump s words were twisted, replaced and totally misinterpreted. So it shouldn t surprise anyone that you haven t heard much about physical attacks on conservatives what s the left got to gain by telling the truth? Suppression of information is right up there with lying A low as you can get!HERE S THE TRUTH AND IT S SHOCKING:  Protesters jumped on cars, stole hats, fought with and threw eggs at Trump supporters outside a Trump rally in downtown San Jose, Calif. Trump supporters sued San Jose over the violence.July 2016:-A Hillary Clinton supporter lights a flag on fire and attacks a Trump supporter in Pittsburgh.August 2016:-Anti-Trump protesters attacked pushed, spit on and verbally harassed attendees forced to walk a  gauntlet  as they left a Trump fundraiser in Minneapolis, Minn., and beat an elderly man. Protesters also attacked Trump s motorcade. A Tennessee man was assaulted at a garage sale for being a Trump supporter.-A Trump supporter in New Jersey was attacked with a crowbar on the street.September 2016:-Protesters in El Cajon, Calif., chased and beat up a Trump supporter.October 2016:-A GOP office in North Carolina was firebombed and spray painted with  Nazi Republicans get out of town or else. November 2016:-A high school student was attacked after she wrote that she supported Trump on social media. The perpetrator ripped her glasses off and punched her in the face.-The president of Cornell University s College Republicans was assaulted the night after Trump won the election.-Students protesting Trump punched and kicked a Maryland high school student wearing a Make America Great Again hat.-A high school student was arrested in Florida after he punched a classmate for carrying a Trump sign at school.-A group of black men in Chicago attacked a white man while raging against Trump.-Maryland high school students punched a student who was demonstrating in support of Trump, and then kicked him repeatedly while he was on the ground.- You support Trump. You hate Mexicans,  a California high school student yelled at a Trump supporter, before viciously beating the girl.-An anti-bullying ambassador was arrested for shoving a 74-year-old man to the ground in a fight outside Trump tower where people upset over his win had gathered. The woman tied to Black Lives Matter caused the man to hit his head on the sidewalk.-A Texas elementary school student was beaten by his classmates for voting for Trump in a mock election.-Two men punched and kicked a Connecticut man who was standing with an American flag and a Trump sign.December 2016:-A Trump supporter was beaten and dragged by a car.January 2017:-A Trump supporter was knocked unconscious after airport protesters repeatedly beat him on the head.-A Trump supporter was attacked after putting out a fire started by anti-Trump protesters.-When Trump protesters encountered a driver with a pro-Trump flag on his car, they surrounded the vehicle, ripped off and began burning the flag, and pounded the car. They also punctured the tires.February 2017:-California GOP Rep. Tom McClintock had to be escorted to his car after a town hall because of angry protesters. The tires of at least four vehicles were slashed.-Protestors knocked a 71-year-old female staffer for California GOP Rep. Dana Rohrabacher unconscious during a protest outside the representative s office.-Milo Yiannopoulos speech at the University of California-Berkeley was cancelled after rioters set the campus on fire and threw rocks through windows. Milo tweeted that one of his supporters wearing a Trump hat was thrown to the ground and kicked.March 2017:-Masked protesters at Middlebury College rushed AEI scholar and political scientist Charles Murray and professor Allison Stranger, pushing and shoving Murray and grabbing Stranger by her hair and twisting her neck as they were leaving a campus building. Stranger suffered a concussion. Protesters then surrounded the car they got into, rocking it back and forth and jumping on the hood.April 2017:-A parade in Portland, Ore.,was canceled after threats of violence were made against a Republican organization.-Fears of violent protests shut down Ann Coulter s UC Berkeley speech. Campus police had gathered intel on protesters who were planning to commit violence.May 2017:  Republican Rep. Tom Garrett, his family and his dog were targeted by a series of repeated death threats deemed credible by authorities.-FBI agents arrested a person for threatening to shoot Republican Rep. Martha McSally over her support for Trump.-Police in Tennessee charged a woman for allegedly trying to run Republican Rep. David Kustoff off the road.-Police in North Dakota ejected a man after he became physical with Republican Rep. Kevin Cramer at a town hall.-A former professor was arrested after police said they identified him on video beating Trump supporters with a U-shaped bike lock, leaving three people with  significant injuries. June 2017:-James Hodgkinson opened fire on a congressional GOP baseball practice, injuring five, including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise.-Republican Rep. Claudia Tenney received an email threat that read,  One down, 216 to go,  shortly after the shooting at the Republican congressional baseball practice.-A man driving a white Malibu reportedly fired several shots at a man driving a truck displaying a  Make America Great Again  flag in Indiana.",0
10075,CHAOS AND MOB RULE at Charlottesville City Council Meeting: “That’s not the rules!” [Video],"This is mob rule AGAIN! The best part of this video is when Mayor Mike Signer says  that s not the rules He must not have been watching the news lately. The rules don t apply to these kooks.This is like a bunch of toddlers who are warned over and over to stop misbehaving. Is this what America wants? We hope people on all sides see how horrible this is!It s hard to feel sorry for the mayor and city council when they supported this mayhem. The real culprit in all this is their governor. Perhaps they should go visit him to ask questions about what he did to turn the rally/ protest into a violent riot.OUR LATEST ON THE VIRGINIA GOVERNOR: Why did the Democrat VA Governor throw gasoline on the fire after violent protests broke out in Charlottesville? Why did the radical Democrat governor of Virginia LIE about weapons being stashed around the city of Charlottesville prior to the march? Was he just doing his part as a prominent member of the Democrat Party to help create more racial division in America? Why did he lie about Virginia police officers being underprepared for the violence and chaos that took place, when police officers claim they were completely prepared? Was he trying to shine a negative light on the police force assigned to Charlottesville, as part of the Democrat Party s ongoing plan to undermine the credibility of our law enforcement?Last week, Virginia police officers were speaking out, and setting  the record straight. They were not about to remain silent while their governor made up stories to boost his party s race dividing, cop-hating narrative.Republican Rep. Louie Gohmert of Texas is not just sitting around and wondering how the Clinton bestie was able to get away with lying about what happened in Charlottesville, while the media ignored Governor McAuliffe s part in inciting violence.Sunday on Fox News Channel s  Fox & Friends Weekend,  Gohmert called for a Department of Justice investigation of Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D-VA) and Charlottesville, VA Mayor Michael Signer for possibly facilitating the violence that took place in Charlottesville earlier this month.Gohmert said,  The way forward s not gonna be easy. And I think the Justice Department needs a full investigation of the governor, of the mayor. They said in court there would be violence at Charlottesville, and then the witnesses and the photographs show they herded these groups to create violence so they could brag. We need a Justice Department investigation into Kessler. You don t just go all of a sudden from having multiracial roommates and a Jewish girlfriend to all of a sudden being a white supremacist that wants to join the Republican party. There s something very, very wrong in all of this. He added,  Like they were the violence at Trump events, they may have been behind this violence getting started. They facilitated it, anyway.  -Breitbart ",0
10076,ALT-LEFT PLANS TO HIJACK PRESIDENT TRUMP’S AZ RALLY…Will He Really Make Them Crazy By Announcing Pardon For America’s Toughest Sheriff on Illegal Immigration?,"The pieces are in place ahead of President Donald Trump s rally in downtown Phoenix on Tuesday, with the nation waiting to see how it will play out.Officials are bracing for a deluge of tens of thousands of supporters and protesters, leading law enforcement to close roads and also for many businesses, offices, schools and even state courts to close their doors early.Although Trump visited Arizona seven times during his campaign, this is his first visit as president and likely to be a very different affair.  AZ CentralOn August 14, President Trump on Tuesday retweeted a Fox News story saying he was  seriously considering  pardoning former Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio.FOX NEWS EXCLUSIVE: President Trump 'seriously considering' a pardon for ex-Sheriff Joe Arpaio https://t.co/Rgw8l7i9Xl  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) August 14, 2017President Trump may soon issue a pardon for Joe Arpaio, the colorful former Arizona sheriff who was found guilty two weeks ago of criminal contempt for defying a state judge s order to stop traffic patrols targeting suspected undocumented immigrants. In his final years as Maricopa County sheriff, Arpaio had emerged as a leading opponent of illegal immigration. I am seriously considering a pardon for Sheriff Arpaio,  the president said Sunday, during a conversation with Fox News at his club in Bedminster, N.J.  He has done a lot in the fight against illegal immigration. He s a great American patriot and I hate to see what has happened to him. Trump said the pardon could happen in the next few days, should he decide to do so.Arpaio, 85, was convicted by U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton of misdemeanor contempt of court for willfully disregarding an Arizona judge s order in 2011 to stop the anti-immigrant traffic patrols. Arpaio had maintained the law enforcement patrols for 17 months thereafter.The man who built a controversial national reputation as  America s toughest sheriff  admitted he prolonged his patrols, but insisted he did not intend to break the law because one of his former attorneys did not explain to him the full measure of restrictions contained in the court order.He is expected to be sentenced on Oct. 5 and could face up to six months in jail. However, since he is 85 years old and has no prior convictions, some attorneys doubt he will receive any jail time.Citing his long service as  an outstanding sheriff,  the president said Arpaio is admired by many Arizona citizens who respected his tough-on-crime approach.Arpaio s widely publicized tactics included forcing inmates to wear pink underwear and housing them in desert tent camps where temperatures often climbed well past 100 degrees Fahrenheit. He also controversially brought back chain gains, including a voluntary chain gang for women prisoners.  FOX News ",0
10077,WATCH: LOUIE GOHMERT Wants LYING Democrat VA Governor McAuliffe Investigated For “Facilitating Violence” In Charlottesville,"Why did the Democrat VA Governor throw gasoline on the fire after violent protests broke out in Charlottesville? Why did the radical Democrat governor of Virginia LIE about weapons being stashed around the city of Charlottesville prior to the march? Was he just doing his part as a prominent member of the Democrat Party to help create more racial division in America? Why did he lie about Virginia police officers being underprepared for the violence and chaos that took place, when police officers claim they were completely prepared? Was he trying to shine a negative light on the police force assigned to Charlottesville, as part of the Democrat Party s ongoing plan to undermine the credibility of our law enforcement?Last week, Virginia police officers were speaking out, and setting  the record straight. They were not about to remain silent while their governor made up stories to boost his party s race dividing, cop-hating narrative.Republican Rep. Louie Gohmert of Texas is not just sitting around and wondering how the Clinton bestie was able to get away with lying about what happened in Charlottesville, while the media ignored Governor McAuliffe s part in inciting violence.Sunday on Fox News Channel s  Fox & Friends Weekend,  Gohmert called for a Department of Justice investigation of Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D-VA) and Charlottesville, VA Mayor Michael Signer for possibly facilitating the violence that took place in Charlottesville earlier this month.Gohmert said,  The way forward s not gonna be easy. And I think the Justice Department needs a full investigation of the governor, of the mayor. They said in court there would be violence at Charlottesville, and then the witnesses and the photographs show they herded these groups to create violence so they could brag. We need a Justice Department investigation into Kessler. You don t just go all of a sudden from having multiracial roommates and a Jewish girlfriend to all of a sudden being a white supremacist that wants to join the Republican party. There s something very, very wrong in all of this. He added,  Like they were the violence at Trump events, they may have been behind this violence getting started. They facilitated it, anyway.  -Breitbart ",0
10078,PATRIOT ARTIST’S LATEST TRIBUTE TO TRUMP SUPPORTERS: “You Are Not forgotten” [Video],"Patriot artist John McNaughton just revealed his latest painting A tribute to the middle class and Trump supporters who are the forgotten people of America Remember when McNaughton revealed the painting during Obamas s presidency that depicted the president burning the Constitution?  ONE NATION UNDER SOCIALISM PLEASE CHECK OUT:  JOHN MCNAUGHTON FINE ART THE FORGOTTEN MAN    OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THAT INCREDIBLE PAINTING: John McNaughton is a special American painter because of his subject matter and the intensity in which he portrays our current government troubled and corrupt. The Forgotten Man painting is amazing in its symbolism.Here s how McNaughton describes the painting:Against the background of a darkening sky, all of the past Presidents of the United States gather before the White House, as if to commemorate some great event. In the left hand corner of the painting sits a man. That man, with his head bowed appears distraught and hopeless as he contemplates his future. Some of the past Presidents try to console him while looking in the direction of the modern Presidents as if to say,  What have you done?  Many of these modern Presidents, seemingly oblivious to anything other than themselves, appear to be congratulating each other on their great accomplishments. In front of the man, paper trash is blowing in the wind. Crumpled dollar bills, legislative documents, and, like a whisper the U.S. Constitution beneath the foot of Barack Obama.THE FORGOTTEN MAN McNaughton never sells his original paintings BUT he made an exception this time. He sold this painting to Sean Hannity so Hannity could give it to Donald Trump. Awesome, huh?November 9th McNaughton announced via facebook that he sold the original to Sean Hannity: Sean Hannity just purchased my painting  The Forgotten Man  to give to Donald Trump to hang in the White House Go to www.jonmcnaughton.comVia: Conservative Treehouse",0
10079,CHELSEA CLINTON Uses “Lucifer” To Support Argument For Tearing Down Confederate Statues…INSTANTLY Regrets It,"Chelsea Clinton thought she was quite clever when she cited the  story of Lucifer  to support her argument for removing confederate statues. What is it about the Clinton s citing anything to do with faith to support their argument that makes everyone cringe?The story of Lucifer-who rebelled against God-is part of many Christians' traditions. I've never been in a church with a Lucifer statue.  Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) August 18, 2017We all know that the Clinton s have no boundaries when it comes to making up lies to fit their narrative, but after Chelsea attempted to convince Twitter users that she is a regular church-goer, we couldn t help but remind everyone what Chelsea openly admitted while she was pregnant with her second child:Because every 6-year old makes the decision to leave a church over their views on abortion right? And every pregnant mother reminisces about leaving the church over their defense of killing unborn babies right?But you left church when you were 6 because you supported abortion, remember? https://t.co/uNKP979Zly    Golden Gnome   (@memealchemy) August 18, 2017 Fairy Sweet Dee  delivered a left hook to the phony Chelsea, as she reminded her Twitter followers what Democrats really believe: .prob not but I'm sure you would have tried to coerce Mary into aborting since she was a low income unwed mother. https://t.co/5p4tNjgxlV  Sweetest Dee (@ihate_everyone2) August 18, 2017Twitter users really came at Chelsea hard. Much like her crooked mother, Crooked Chelsea continued to make up stories to prove her point.  Honky Tonk Jew  told Chelsea that she doubted she d  ever been in a church, period. :I doubt you've ever been in a church, period  Honky Tonk Jew (@HonkyTonkJew) August 18, 2017Chelsea tried desperately to recover after she was outed for saying she left the church when she was six years old because they didn t believe in aborting babies. She made several attempts to make it appear as though she and her unemployed husband spend a great deal of their time while traveling (likely on the Clinton Foundation s dime).Twice this week. In addition to be fortunate to attend services at l'Abbaye de Saint-Beno t-du-Luc, we also visited nearby St. Aidan's.  Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) August 18, 2017Several Twitter users provided the all-knowing Chelsea with various photos of Lucifer statues in church:Statue of Lucifer in Holy Trinity Church Marylebone, Westminster pic.twitter.com/BHvZWvbo8D  Gay Lynn Westover (@UberPT) August 18, 2017Satan on the bottom. It isn't odd that you are unaware of authentic Christian iconography. pic.twitter.com/nsHJ9wPmgw  Andrew E. Malone (@dukenaltum) August 19, 2017There are churches & cathedrals throughout the world that depict Satan as he is a necessary part of understanding the history of the Bible pic.twitter.com/0WUbMrjGww  (((Darth Kitteh))) (@eloracnasus) August 18, 2017Here s Chelsea, once again talking about her next vacation, where she hopes to visit another church:While I've been to Belgium, I've not visited Li ge. Hopefully, I will be lucky enough to visit the city & St. Paul's Cathedral in the future  Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) August 18, 2017OOPS! Even one of Chelsea s supporters is forced to set the record straight on  Lucifer  in the church, especially the church Chelsea claims she d like to visit in the future:@maumota I agree with what you mean. But there is a Lucifer statue in St Paul' Cathedral in Liege, Belgium. pic.twitter.com/yokYQSjtig  Thomas Jamet (@tomnever) August 18, 2017This black Twitter user gives Chelsea a much needed history lesson: But you're part of a party that supported segregation and slavery. Should democrats change their name?  Mike Ryals (@MichaelRyals) August 19, 2017The Clinton s, most especially Chelsea and her unemployed husband, have been doing quite a bit of traveling this summer.  Angie  suggested that perhaps Chelsea could  use some of that Haiti money.  that they stole from the impoverished Haitians after promising donations the Clinton Slush Fund collected from around the world would be used to help them, and instead were primarily used to line their pockets.Maybe you can use some of that Haiti money.   Angie  (@kachninja) August 18, 2017And finally, the icing on the cake:OUCH!You were raised by Lucifer in a pantsuit.  JWF (@JammieWF) August 18, 2017And ouch again!""Check out the #rapist statue of your Dad. Trust me, he was Lucifer to the women he abused."" @RealJamesWoods  TRUMP WORLD (@Trump_World) August 19, 2017When are we taking down your dad's statues? We can't have statues of a pervert around. It's discriminatory against sexually abused women.   But-it's-my-turn  (@fernandocarnal) August 19, 2017Oh like this one??? Of your #RapistStepFather ??!!! pic.twitter.com/G2G47uIezK  RinosOut2018 (@TXluvsnoBSTrump) August 20, 2017",0
10080,MUSLIM PROFESSOR A NO-SHOW AT LECTURE: Afraid to be Called Out Again On Teaching Sharia Practice of Cutting off Hands is Good [Video],"Recall that in 2016 a Muslim professor was caught on video [see below] explaining why cutting off hands as punishment for theft is a good punishment. Bassam Alhalabi believes in Sharia law and was explaining why it s such a great idea and that it would cut down on crime. Here s the video below:JUST TO BE CLEAR   THIS MAN BELIEVES IT S OK TO CHOP OFF HANDS!  Where there is no Sharia, Islamic Sharia, they die in dozens and hundreds every day because of organized crime. People kill people, other people or steal pizza for $10 and so   so when Islamic Shariah is saying about capital punishment   so even though it sounds like it is severe but if that is the solution to prevent any crimes, then it still has a lot of rules and regulations. I will just mention one and stop here, which is let s say cutting off the hands of a person if they steal. It sounds very severe. It sounds very barbaric, I know. But if takes one or two people to have their hands cut off, and then there s no more stealing and there s no more stealing in the whole nation   that s a much better resolution than having hundreds of people die every day. RUN AWAY, RUN AWAY! THE PROFESSOR HIGHTAILED IT OUT OF THERE WHEN HE SAW UNITED WEST THERE TO RECORD HIM AGAIN!On August 17, 2017 Florida Atlantic University (FAU) Professor and President of the Islamic Society of Boca Raton, FL, Bassem Alhalabi, agreed to publicly defend the Shariah Islamiyya (Islamic Law) but ran away in shame from the venue minutes before the programs starting time.The title of the meeting was,  Interfaith Cafe: Sharia Law and U.S. Law Nothing To Fear.  Dr. Alhalabi was to defend Islamic law, making the case that we non-Muslims have nothing to fear from Shariah.Deep down Dr. Alhalabi knows the facts are not on his side. I suspect what Dr. Alhalabi fears most are Americans who are educated on Islamic Law and use Islamic sources with consensus/Ijma to distinguish his lies from truth.When those knowledgeable people from The United West showed up to film, Dr. Alhalabi ran out of the venue faster than you can say chop chop adios. Dr. Alhalabi left his audience and event organizers dumbfounded. We suspect the fear that he d be caught on video again might be the reason why.Via: Dr. Rich Swier",0
10081,"WOW! SECRET SERVICE DIRECTOR Sets Record Straight, After USA TODAY Attempts To Make Readers Believe President Trump Is Draining Secret Service Funds Dry","USA Today published an article today that was so egregiously misleading that every hotel that leaves this joke of a publication outside the doors for their guests to read, should be ashamed to be peddling such trash. (Even if it is free..and we all know what they say:  If it s free It s  free  for a reason .) USA Today is one of the most virulently anti-Trump publications you will find anywhere. Much like the morning shows, whose morning talk hosts greet their viewers with cheerful dispositions and big white smiles, while sticking daggers into our president and his family, USA Today can be found as in almost every hotel in America as a complimentary source of news for their guests.USA Today comes across to the everyday American as a friendly publication that gives Americans a snapshot into the latest national news without any bias. Unfortunately, nothing could be further than the truth. USA Today s stories are so anti-Trump, they should almost come with a warning label for anyone who s looking for honest journalism and unbiased news.An article that appeared today, in the USA Today talked about the dire financial situation that President Trump and his family have caused with their  with an unprecedented number of White House protectees. Shortly after the article was published, Secret Service Director Randolph  Tex  Alles released a statement refuting what USA Today claimed he said. The quotes in red in the USA Today article below are from the Secret Service Director s statement.USA Today   The Secret Service can no longer pay hundreds of agents it needs to carry out an expanded protective mission   in large part due to the sheer size of President Trump s family and efforts necessary to secure their multiple residences up and down the East Coast.Here s what Secret Service Director Randolph  Tex  Alles said about the Secret Service running out of money: The Secret Service has the funding it needs to meet all current mission requirements for the remainder of the fiscal year and compensate employees for overtime within statutory pay caps. Secret Service Director Randolph  Tex  Alles, in an interview with USA TODAY, said more than 1,000 agents have already hit the federally mandated caps for salary and overtime allowances that were meant to last the entire year.OOPS! It looks like the same thing happened in 2016 while  Barack Obama was President: The Secret Service estimates that roughly 1,100 employees will work overtime hours in excess of statutory pay caps during calendar year 2017. Our agency experienced a similar situation in calendar year 2016 that resulted in legislation that allowed Secret Service employees to exceed statutory caps on pay.The agency has faced a crushing workload since the height of the contentious election season, and it has not relented in the first seven months of the administration. Agents must protect Trump   who has traveled almost every weekend to his properties in Florida, New Jersey and Virginia   and his adult children whose business trips and vacations have taken them across the country and overseas.To remedy this ongoing and serious problem, the agency has worked closely with the Department of Homeland Security, the Administration, and the Congress over the past several months to find a legislative solution. As we work to ensure that employees are compensated for the hours they work, the Secret Service continues its rigorous hiring of special agents, Uniformed Division officers, and critical support staff to meet future mission requirements. The president has a large family, and our responsibility is required in law,  Alles said.  I can t change that. I have no flexibility. The law, Title 18 US Code 3056, details protection requirements for the President, Vice President and their immediate family members.Alles said the service is grappling with an unprecedented number of White House protectees. Under Trump, 42 people have protection, a number that includes 18 members of his family. That s up from 31 during the Obama administration.Does USA Today really believe the average American is so stupid that they ve already forgotten about the several separate vacations that the former first lady took while her husband golfed almost every weekend that he was in office? What about her notorious trip to Spain where she brought most of her entire  friends and family list  courtesy of the American taxpayers?The people you see surrounding former First Lady Michele Obama on her luxury African Safari are Michelle s family members. Yes, the American taxpayer paid for her luxury African Safari with her brother, cousins and of course, her mother, who lived in the White House for Barack s entire 8-year term, and traveled to all of their overseas destinations courtesy of, you guessed it, the American taxpayer.Surely USA Today doesn t believe we ve already forgotten about Barack Obama s obsession with golf, that more than one time, took him and his lovely wife to opposite sides of the country to satisfy their individual 5-star travel needs:Overwork and constant travel have also been driving a recent exodus from the Secret Service ranks, yet without congressional intervention to provide additional funding, Alles will not even be able to pay agents for the work they have already done.The compensation crunch is so serious that the director has begun discussions with key lawmakers to raise the combined salary and overtime cap for agents, from $160,000 per year to $187,000 for at least the duration of Trump s first term.But even if such a proposal was approved, about 130 veteran agents would not be fully compensated for hundreds of hours already amassed, according to the agency. And finally, the same Secret Service Director Randolph  Tex  Alles who allegedly gave USA Today the  exclusive  scoop about how the Trump family were draining the Secret Service funds dry, concluded his statement with this:This issue is not one that can be attributed to the current Administration s protection requirements alone, but rather has been an ongoing issue for nearly a decade due to an overall increase in operational tempo.This isn t the first time USA Today was caught fabricating a story to make President Trump look bad to their readers. In April of 2017, USA TODAY was caught fabricating a story about an innocent  Dreamer  being deported. Click HERE to read the story.",0
10082,"WATCH: TRUMP’S BI-RACIAL, FORMER GIRLFRIEND Of Two Years…”I Would Never Date A Racist”","Kara Young, the biracial model who dated Donald Trump has broken her silence amid the deadly attack in Charlottesville. Trump s former girlfriend says she never heard him say anything racist   not once.She told the paper that she s never heard him make any sort of racist comments, but was left  horrified  by what he said about the deadly attack in Charlottesville.  GPSo just to clarify The comments President Trump made after the Charlottesville violence, where he blamed the actions of the KKK, as well as the violent Antifa agitators and Black Lives Matter protesters, (who in many cases should have been charged with domestic terrorism if we had a law-abiding attorney general when Barack Obama was president) actually  horrifies  a woman who dated Trump for 2 years, and insisted that he was NOT a  racist ? What exactly, about his statement  horrified  Young? Inside Edition   During the campaign, the mom-of-two told the TV show Chasing News that the real estate tycoon is not a racist. I would never go out with anybody that was a racist   of course not   that s crazy, she said at the time.  Everyone asks me. The two met at a party in the Hamptons in 1997. At the time, she was a model, gracing the pages of the Victoria s Secret catalog and countless magazines including Playboy in Germany.During the campaign, the mom-of-two told the TV show Chasing News that the real estate tycoon is not a racist. I would never go out with anybody that was a racist   of course not   that s crazy, she said at the time.  Everyone asks me. The two met at a party in the Hamptons in 1997. At the time, she was a model, gracing the pages of the Victoria s Secret catalog and countless magazines including Playboy in Germany.Young and Trump dated for about two years.",0
10083,WATCH SOLAR ECLIPSE LIVE HERE,"If you don t have the proper glasses to watch the historic solar eclipse today, you can still watch it here LIVE as it happens.From NASA: Solar Eclipse 2017 On August 21, 2017, all of North America will be treated to an eclipse of the sun. Viewers around the world will be provided a wealth of images captured before, during, and after the eclipse by 11 spacecraft, at least three NASA aircraft, more than 50 high-altitude balloons, and the astronauts aboard the International Space Station   each offering a unique vantage point for the celestial event.Watch here:https://t.co/oYED98vQyL  Twitter News (@TwitterNews) August 16, 2017Where Can You See It? You can see a partial eclipse, where the moon covers only a part of the sun, anywhere in North America (see  Who can see it? ). To see a total eclipse, where the moon fully covers the sun for a short few minutes, you must be in the path of totality. The path of totality is a relatively thin ribbon, around 70 miles wide, that will cross the U.S. from West to East. The first point of contact will be at Lincoln Beach, Oregon at 9:05 a.m. PDT. Totality begins there at 10:16 a.m. PDT. Over the next hour and a half, it will cross through Oregon, Idaho, Wyoming, Montana, Nebraska, Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee, Georgia, and North and South Carolina. The total eclipse will end near Charleston, South Carolina at 2:48 p.m. EDT. From there the lunar shadow leaves the United States at 4:09 EDT. Its longest duration will be near Carbondale, Illinois, where the sun will be completely covered for two minutes and 40 seconds.If you missed the eclipse as it happened, here are a couple of incredible videos that were taken of the eclipse: More of the moon crossing in front of sun in Philly: https://t.co/fKHeCFSNKf #SolarEclipse2017   pic.twitter.com/fjxfUuxOy6  NBC10 Philadelphia (@NBCPhiladelphia) August 21, 2017#SolarEclipse2017 Breathtaking! pic.twitter.com/fvPwGwgn99   smail H. Polat (@ismailhpolat) August 21, 2017",0
10084,"WATCH: DEMOCRAT STATE SENATOR Who Said She Wouldn’t Apologize For Saying She Wished President Trump Would Be Assassinated, Makes Tearful Apology","Last week, MO State Senator Chappelle-Nadal said she hoped  Trump would be assassinated  on her Facebook page. Thepost referring to President Donald Trump, has since been removed. But Chappelle-Nadal confirmed to the Post-Dispatch that she had written it in response to another commenter before deleting it.The U.S. Secret Service s St. Louis field office  is looking into this,  the office confirmed.Kristina Schmidt, special agent in charge, told the Post-Dispatch that  hypothetically  in such investigations, agents try to  determine intent, to determine if there was a violation of federal law. If there is, then we refer it to the U.S. Attorney. Our primary goal is to determine if there is intent and meaning behind it,  Schmidt said.According to a screenshot of the now-deleted conversation obtained by the Post-Dispatch, another commenter named Christopher Gagn  was writing about a cousin of his who he said was on Trump s Secret Service detail.Here is a screen shot of the post that Chappelle-Nadal deleted after she was outed on social media:After Chappelle-Nadal was criticized by thousands of Americans, she still refused to back down and told the media she would not apologize to President Trump for the heinous remarks she made.After some members (not all) of the Democrat Party suggested she should step down from her position as state senator, Maria Chappelle-Nadal suddenly had a change of heart. All of a sudden, after her career as a MO lawmaker was being threatened, Chappelle-Nadal seems to have found her conscience, and is now offering a  heartfelt  apology to President Trump. Hmmm .funny how that happened.State Sen. Maria Chappelle-Nadal apologized at a press conference streamed live on the Facebook page of the Clayton Times, a St. Louis County newspaper. President Trump, I apologize to you and your family,  Chappelle-Nadal said at the Wellspring Church in Ferguson, Missouri.  I also apologize to all the people in Missouri. And I also apologize to my colleagues in the Missouri legislature for the mistake that I made. Watch her tearful apology below. Here's some video of Sen. Chappelle-Nadal's remarks in Ferguson today. #moleg pic.twitter.com/ByMhEfvlvx  Celeste Bott (@celestebott) August 20, 2017",0
10085,"WATCH FIRST FAMILY ARRIVE BACK IN DC…President Trump, Melania & Barron…Ivanka and Kids [Video]","President Donald Trump, First Lady Melania Trump & Barron Trump Arrive in Washington DC After Trump s 17 Day Working Vacation In Bedminster, New Jersey.A working vacation came to an end for POTUS We pray for his safety in the upcoming weeks. There s word that the Phoenix Rally will be chaotic. The Alt-Left is ready to bring violence to the rally to do anything they can to damage our president.Remember during the election when the Alt-Left caused a tremendous amount of violence at Trump events? Well, this should be that on steroids. OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE ALT-LEFT: The media is trying their best to control what you see and how you see it when it comes to the alt-left. We re here to tell you the truth about the violence and who is instigating it. Antifa and Black Lives Matter have been instrumental from the days of Trump s campaign up until now. The video below is a great compilation of who the REAL aggressors are THE TRUTH, SPREAD IT!Here is how liberals demonstrate their political views pic.twitter.com/SWIOT1rdsd  Hector Morenco (@hectormorenco) August 18, 2017Do you remember the 2016 campaign with the violence directed at Trump supporters?A Pro-Trump Supporter Attacked with Eggs:How about the inauguration where Antifa and others were destroying property and assaulting Pro-Trump attendees?Plans Exposed to Shut Down the Inauguration:Remember Berkeley? Destruction and assault again Berkeley Again:Do you see where this is going? It s not the Trump supporters who are at fault here but you d never know it from the news media s propaganda and lies.It s way past time to speak up and stop being passive to this or it will come to your door one day. Tell the truth and just keep telling it!",0
10086,LEFTY MEDIA Uses #SolarEclipse To Make Case For Why They Still Believe Clinton Won…Still Not Over The Election?,"Oh my! The lefty Boston Globe is using the 2017 Solar Eclipse to make a case for a Clinton presidential win. The over-the-top article goes out of its way to make the claim that Trump lost to Clinton It s delusional and twisted that the Globe would use an article about the eclipse to continue down this path of delusion The Globe asked: : Is the eclipse throwing shade at Clinton supporters?The path of ideal viewing spots for this month s highly-anticipated total solar eclipse cuts overwhelmingly through places that voted for President Trump in November.IT STARTS OUT NICE ENOUGH TO TRUMP BUT THEN IT S  WHAM! THEY PIVOT TO MAKE THE CASE FOR HOW THEY SILL BELIEVE CLINTON WON IN 2016!And about 92 percent of those counties swung in Trump s favor, while fewer than two dozen counties voted for his opponent, Hillary Clinton.Trump won many of those counties by a wide margin, securing an average of 71 percent of the vote in counties he won along the path. Clinton, by comparison, got only about 56 percent of the vote in counties she won along the eclipse path.And of the more than 6.2 million votes cast in those counties for one of those two candidates, 59 percent were for Trump, while 41 percent were for Clinton.That stands in stark contrast to the overall results of the 2016 election, in which about 51 percent of votes cast for either candidate went to Clinton, while about 49 percent went to Trump.The eclipse on Aug. 21 will be visible to people across the United States, but in most areas, the view will be of a partial eclipse. People will only be able to see a total eclipse if they re located along the  path of totality,  which will start near Lincoln City, Ore., and end near Charleston, S.C.Still, it s not entirely surprising that the eclipse s path of best perspective could slice through the entire country while mostly avoiding areas that backed Clinton.WHAM! THE CASE IS MADE FOR WHY THEY STILL BELIEVE CLINTON WON! While she won the popular vote, Trump won the Electoral College and about 84 percent of the country s 3,100-plus counties.Clinton won more voters overall because she captured densely populated urban areas, including New York City, Los Angeles, and Boston. Trump, by contrast, won many rural areas with small populations.FUN FACT OF THE DAY Perhaps it s not a surprise that the solar eclipse is passing over Trump strongholds given that the president himself was born during a lunar eclipse.On June 14, 1946, the day Trump was born, there was a total lunar eclipse, though it wasn t visible from the United States, NASA records show. Instead, it could be seen from parts of South America, Europe, Africa, Asia, and Australia.THE LIBERAL MEDIA IS STILL FIGHTING THE FIGHT WE CAN T WAIT UNTIL TRUMP2020!WE JUST WANT TO SET THE RECORD STRAIGHT:Overall Trump won approximately 2,600 counties to Clinton s 500, or about 84% of the geographic United States. However, Clinton won 88 of of the 100 largest counties (including Washington D.C.). Without these 100 largest counties she would have lost by 11.5 million votes.TRUMP=RED    CLINTON=BLUEVIA: WKI",0
10087,CRAZED LEFTIST Tweets Video Stabbing Trump Piñata 56 Times…Is a Visit from the Secret Service in Her Future? [Video],"A Mexican columnist just repeatedly stabbed a President Trump pi ata She got it on film thinking it would be funny but Trump supporter Marco Gutierrez shared the video with the Secret Service in hopes that they would visit this nut job to let her know how serious this is.Please make sure you visit @gloaeza & let her know how #USA feels of this acts of hers @FBI @ALT_DOJ @SecretService @infowars @seanhannity pic.twitter.com/zRKuXfutAl  Marco Gutierrez (@MarcoGutierrez) August 17, 2017Others in the video laughed as Loaeza furiously stabbed and stabbed.She stabbed the Trump pi ata at least 56 times before stopping to catch her breath and the video ended.Marco Gutierrez notified the Secret Service of Loaeza s stunt let s hope she gets lots of blowback from Trump supporters! This is ridiculous and disrespectful!TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME!",0
10088,"DISGUSTING! UNEMPLOYED, RACE-OBSESSED Colin Kaepernick Will Be Added To Smithsonian Black History Museum, While Conservative Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas Is BLACKLISTED","Few people, if any, keep track of ratings or public approval numbers for the Smithsonian. However, if they did, those numbers would soon go down dramatically. Why? Because the man who single-handedly accomplished the nearly impossible feat of turning America against its favorite game, is about to get his own exhibit.Most fans were not impressed with Kaepernick s disrespect of our American flag and of our national anthem. According to curators at the museum, currently unemployed NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick is about to get his own display at the Smithsonian s National Museum of African American History and Culture on the National Mall.In fact, museum officials have already begun requesting various items of significance from Kaepernick s protests of last year.According to the Washington Examiner,  Artifacts from former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick s national anthem protests will reportedly soon be on display at the Black Lives Matter collection at the Smithsonian s National Museum of African American History. The National Museum of African American History and Culture has nearly 40,000 items in our collection,  said Damion Thomas, the museum s sports curator, to USA Today.  The Colin Kaepernick collection is in line with the museum s larger collecting efforts to document the varied areas of society that have been impacted by the Black Lives Matter movement. Incredibly, as pointed out by IJR and The Washington Times, the museum extends Kaepernick this honor while only mentioning African-American Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, in connection with the sexual harassment charge brought against him by Anita Hill.  BrietbartI was opposed to welfare because I had seen its destructive effects up close in Savannah. Most of the older people among whom I had grown up felt as I did, sharing Daddy s belief that it would be the  ruination  of blacks, undermining their desire to wor & provide for themselves. I added that my own sister was a victim of the system, which had created a sense of entitlement that had trapped her and her children. I went on to say that I opposed busing, preferring to give school vouchers to poor children. Source: My Grandfather s Son: A Memoir by Clarence Thomas, p. 132-3 , Oct 1, 2007Quotes like the one above from Clarence Thomas have made him a target of the left. It really doesn t matter what color you are, if you don t tow the entitlement line that keeps you in the good graces of the Democrat Party, you will be punished. In Clarence Thomas  case, the punishment is that he will likely never see himself featured in the Smithsonian Black History museum.Here is a short biography of Clarence Thomas, that illustrates the unimaginable odds he overcame  to become a US Supreme Court Justice:Clarence Thomas was born in the tiny coastal town of Pin Point, Georgia, on June 23, 1948. As a very young boy he lived in a one-room shack with dirt floors and no plumbing. When Thomas was two years old, his father walked out on the family. As a result, at the age of seven he and his younger brother were sent to live with their grandfather, Myers Anderson, and his wife in Savannah, Georgia. Anderson, a devout Catholic and active member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), sent Thomas to a Catholic school staffed by nuns.In remarks reported by Jet magazine, Thomas has said that he grew up speaking Gullah, a creole dialect spoken by African Americans on the coastal islands of the southeastern United States. Unlike other Supreme Court justices, he rarely asks questions from the bench during court proceedings. He has said that he developed this habit of silent listening when he was young because he found it a struggle to speak  standard English  correctly in school. Nevertheless, he was always a strong student.Clarence Thomas went on to become a US Supreme Court Justice and champion of our Constitution.Apparently, the Smithsonian can t find space in their museum for Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, a highly accomplished conservative black man, who was born into poverty, and through sheer determination and hard work, became the longest serving black Supreme Court Justice in America s history. ",0
10089,OKLAHOMA LAWMAKER BLASTED FOR SAYING: “Shouldn’t Mosques Be Removed After 911 by ANTIFA Logic?” [VIDEO],"Oklahoma State Rep. John Bennett made a comment on Facebook that was has since been removed after local Muslims didn t see any moral equivalency between removing Mosques after 9/11 and removing Confederate statues. Everyone freaked out about his comment even the governor of Oklahoma. We d like to know what you think See below for more info on this Patriot!OKLAHOMA CITY   A Facebook post by an Oklahoma lawmaker is receiving a lot of attention after the post suggested removing mosques from America.The post by Rep. John Bennett suggests that if Confederate monuments are being removed because of the Civil War, mosques should also be removed due to 9/11. If we re removing Confederate monuments after the Civil War, I think we should also be removing mosques after 9/11,  his Facebook post said. It is not an idol. It s a place where serve the poor, take care of the hungry and cure the sick. Making this association is extremely irrational,  said Imad Enchassi with the Islamic Society of Greater Oklahoma City.  This is a place where American Muslims, Oklahoma Muslims, proudly serve fellow Oklahomans. The post has since been taken down.NO FREE SPEECH ALLOWED We re all supposed to just fall in line with what we re told TRUTH IS THE NEW HATE SPEECH Bennett is one smart cookie! He called for a suspension of Syrian refugees way back in November of 2015:SALLISAW, OK   State Rep. John Bennett, Sallisaw-02 (R) has called on Governor Fallin to suspend Oklahoma s effort in resettling Syrian refugees in Oklahoma. According to the New York Times article on October 21, 2015, there have been dozens of Syrian refugees settled in Jenks, OK since 2012,  said Bennett.  What s disturbing is that when I contacted the Jenks Police Department about this issue, they advised that the New York Times  article was the first time anyone in their office knew about these resettlements. Bennett continued,  Given the light of the Paris attacks and that some of the terrorists arrived in France as Syrian refugees, I am calling on Governor Fallin to immediately suspend any current plans to relocate Syrian refugees in Jenks or elsewhere in Oklahoma and to identify those that have arrived under the relocation program since 2012. Via: Forty Six NewsThis is the kind of lawmaker trying to protect the people from terrorism Bravo! ",0
10090,NAACP PRESIDENT Shocks Locals with Stance on Confederate Statues and Protests Against Them," I think it s all senseless. All senseless.    Bethlehem, PA NAACP President Esther Lee  Bethlehem, PA NAACP President Esther Lee brought some common sense to the craziness going on all around America right now. Leave it to the wise elderly lady to set everyone straight We love what she had to say!Esther Lee doesn t agree with the vandalism of Confederate monuments in Baltimore or condone the actions of those who tore down the statue in North Carolina, either. You know that s history. That was in that point in time. You can t eliminate what history is. So I disapprove with young people pulling down those statues,  she says.Lee then adds,  A young woman died. Two officers were murdered in a plane crash and all for what? Because somebody in their mind decided,  we don t need to look at that anymore. It shouldn t be,  she says softly.President Trump weighed in on the question about taking Confederate statues down by saying,  This week, it s Robert E. Lee. I noticed that Stonewall Jackson is coming down. I wonder is it George Washington next week? Is it Thomas Jefferson the week after? You know, you do really have to ask yourself where does it stop? While Lee doesn t agree with President Trump on everything, she does think that history should be left to stand and advises others to join her in praying for the president. I would pray that he would gain the strength to do what s necessary in the job, at least for these four years,  she says.Lee says maybe things aren t what they should be. But that doesn t mean hate and hurt need to win.She says, instead, what we should do, is widen our circle of compassion.A spokeswoman for Gettysburg National Military Park says they haven t received any complaints about their hundreds of monuments and markers and she says they have no plans to remove anything memorializing Confederates leaders or soldiers.Read more: WFMZ",0
10091,BLACK BOSTON COP Taunted By Black Woman: “You stupid a** black bitch. You’re suppose to be on our side”,"We ve seen an escalation in violence against police officers this past week that is REALLY disturbing. Mob rule has taken over in some cities with leaders who are more concerned with the vile and violent protesters than the cops who are protecting their right to be protest.A black Boston cop is taunted by a young black woman:  You stupid a** black bitch. You re suppose to be on our side . #BostonFreeSpeechRally pic.twitter.com/nmXptkAY93  Based Monitored   (@BasedMonitored) August 20, 2017Buried under all of the attention given to the protesters is horrible violence and murder directed at our law enforcement. Two police officers were ambushed and killed last week in Kissimmee, FL by a Muslim who belongs to a black radical group.The war on our cops is real and it s frightening. All you have to do is look at the Alt-Left and Black radicals who are plotting and planning to slaughter our police officers Exactly like Normandy pic.twitter.com/0aotTiL0WF  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) August 19, 2017 BALTIMORE BLOC S TWITTER FEED IS FULL OF HATEFUL POSTS Remember that the Baltimore mayor removed 4 Confederate statues in the middle of the night. BALTIMORE BLOC HAD THIS TO SAY ABOUT COPS:  Now that we ve got rid of these white supremacist symbols, it s time to get rid of these white supremacist systems Now that we ve got rid of these white supremacist symbols, it s time to get rid of these white supremacist systems pic.twitter.com/z8X247xwqg  Baltimore BLOC (@BmoreBloc) August 16, 2017What we ve found is shocking A LONE POLICEMAN TAUNTED: A protester was hurt by metal falling from the a monument in Atlanta as the group tried to tear it down, AJC photographer John Spink reported Sunday night. Tensions rose as the lone policeman on the scene was surrounded by black-clad Antifa protesters shouting  pig. DURHAM, NC SAME ANTI-COP RHETORIC COPS & KLAN GO HAND IN HAND A protest in Dallas got out of control when the protesters started chanting,  Cops and the Klan go hand in hand There s so much more but you get the intent of these people. They want to push the limits and create anarchy in the streets. It s time for our pandering politicians to get serious about the necessity to shut this down now.",0
10092,"WATCH: ROBIN WILLIAMS Calls Out Hypocrisy Of Audience During His Politically Incorrect Comedy Act About Muslims, Jihad and The Quran","Robin Williams was a one-of-a-kind comedian. His brand of humor can never be replicated. Fortunately, there are video clips of his performances that can still be found on the internet.The video clip below shows Robin Williams poking fun at Muslims, jihad, 72 virgins, the Quran, and taxi drivers. The best part of the video is near the end, where Robin Williams actually calls out the audience for the reaction to his jokes, revealing their hypocrisy for bristling at his  taxi  joke because it was politically incorrect, while believing it was okay to laugh about beating the sh*t out of a Muslim terrorist.Only Robin Williams could have gotten away with calling his audience out not their ridiculous hypocrisy in the name of political correctness.Watch: Robin Williams on Jihad  You are welcome  #LaughOutLoud #SaturdayChillOutZone pic.twitter.com/WuZJIBGBB7   E   I    (@based4good) August 19, 2017",0
10093,WOW! STARBUCKS CEO JUST ACCUSED Whites Of Committing Senseless Violence Against “people who are not white”…And He’s Getting DESTROYED On Social Media,"Thousands of Starbucks customers cut up their gold cards and boycotted their favorite coffee spot after Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz stuck his foot in his mouth, when he defended immigration of unvetted Muslims from terror hotbed nations to the US. Schultz was hammered on social media after offering to hire Syrian immigrants before Americans to prove his point about how  inclusive  he is.Well, it appears as though the arrogant leftist CEO of Starbucks has done it again. Howard Schultz tweeted from the Starbucks account: I know we re better than this. The bigotry, hatred, and senseless violence against people who are not white cannot stand.   Howard Schultz ""I know we're better than this. The bigotry, hatred, and senseless violence against people who are not white cannot stand.   Howard Schultz pic.twitter.com/JWpOmIV0H0  Starbucks Coffee (@Starbucks) August 16, 2017Who is  we re  Howard? Who exactly are you calling racists or bigots? Who has actually been committing the violence at pro-Trump and pro-freedom of speech rallies across America?Maybe it s these guys?Maybe he was referring to this white guy punching this black guy because he s supporting our president or because he s holding an American flag:Oops! Never mind that s a black guy punching a white guy.So tell us again Howard, what was it again you wanted your customers to know about violence against people who are not white?Here are just a few responses Schultz s ignorant and offensive tweet provoked:Howard Shultz violence against ANYONE can not stand! Anything less inclusive is bigotry.  Anna-May Smith (@AnnaMaySmith1) August 17, 2017""against people who are not white cannot stand.  Implies only whites are to blame. It is about a specific group, no backpeddaling.  Michael (@wouldabeen) August 17, 2017Violence against whites is okay. No one cares about whites, they are just trash. White lives DON'T matter. So says Howard Schultz.  Captain Skywarn (@n0jaa) August 17, 2017",0
10094,"BREAKING: DNC STAFFERS May Have Sold Sensitive Info To “Hostile Foreign Governments”…”A Massive, Massive Scandal”","Well, well, well The DNC IT scandal could become the biggest yet with the new investigation by federal authorities into whether sensitive date was sold to foreign agents. Former DNC Chair and DNC IT staffers are all involved.  Shady  doesn t even begin to describe these staffers who would sell out their own mother.CLAIMS OF PROFILING DON T STAND A CHANCE The defense for this criminal behavior from both the lawyer (former Clinton associate) and former DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz is that these staffers are being targeted for being Muslim. DWS said recently that scrutiny of her Muslim aide was motivated by  racial and ethnic profiling.  The lawyer for the ringleader in all of this said his client was only indicted  for working while Muslim. The main stream media is ignoring this HUGE scandal because they care more about statues Here s the low down:IT STAFFERS HAD ACCESS TO MOST CONGRESSIONAL INFO IMRAN AWAN and the other four staffers under investigation had  full and complete access  to lawmakers  e-mails, calendars, schedules, hearing notes, meeting notes and memos and other sensitive information.Federal authorities are investigating whether sensitive data was stolen from congressional offices by several Pakistani-American tech staffers and sold to Pakistani or Russian intelligence, knowledgeable sources say.WASSERMAN SHULTZ THREATENS CAPITOL POLICE TO HAND OVER COMPUTER What started out 16 months ago as a scandal involving the alleged theft of computer equipment from Congress has turned into a national-security investigation involving FBI surveillance of the suspects.Investigators now suspect that sensitive US government data   possibly including classified information   could have been compromised and may have been sold to hostile foreign governments that could use it to blackmail members of Congress or even put their lives at risk. This is a massive, massive scandal    SENIOR US OFFICIALAlarm bells went off in April 2016 when computer security officials in the House reported  irregularities  in computer equipment purchasing. An internal investigation revealed the theft of hundreds of thousands of dollars in government property, and evidence pointed to five IT staffers and the Democratic Congress members  offices that employed them. READ MORE: NYP ",0
10095,LISTEN TO JEH JOHNSON’S BIZARRE REASON We Must Remove Confederate Statues…”Homeland Security” Threat? [Video],"This is rich! The guy who opened our borders to criminals during the Obama era is now telling us that statues are a homeland security threat?  Former Obama administration official Jeh Johnson said on This Week with Martha Raditz that the removal of Confederate statues was a matter of  public safety and homeland security  on Sunday Oh brother!A single protest against the removal of a statue of Robert E. Lee turned violent last week. Charlottesville, WV was the sight of the engineered confrontation of two groups that got out of hand because the police officers were told to stand down.Jeh Johnson served as Secretary of Homeland Security under Obama but failed miserably to keep our homeland secure. We now have a mess that President Trump is trying to clean up. Johnson allowed violent gangs like MS13 to enter towns across America. He allowed thousands of illegal alien minor children to just roam free. Johnson is responsible for much of the illegal alien crime we re seeing now. The lawless policy of Obama and Johnson hurt many Americans.So now Johnson is saying that it s a problem that rallying Americans who want to keep Confederate statues are the violent ones??? THE VIOLENCE IS COMING FROM ANTIFA AND BLACK LIVES MATTER ON THE LEFT!THIS IS NOT TRUE:  What alarms so many of us from a security perspective is that so many of the statues, the Confederate monuments, are now, modern-day, becoming symbols and rallying points for white nationalism, for neo-Nazis, for the KKK, and this is most alarming,  Johnson said.  We fought a world war against Naziism. The KKK reigned terror on African Americans for generations. I salute those in cities and states who are taking down a lot of these monuments for reasons of public safety and security,  he added.  And that s not a a matter of political correctness. That s a matter of public safety and homeland security and doing what s right. Host Martha Raddatz said she felt the Trump administration would call that a  slippery slope,  referring to local Washington locations like Washington-Lee High School and Jefferson Davis Highway. Where should that stop?  Raddatz asked.Johnson said those kinds of decisions should be made at the local level.President Donald Trump slammed the removal of such monuments as  foolish  and for ripping apart the  history and culture of our great country. TRUMP IS RIGHT!",0
10096,"HUD OFFICIAL Spends $366,000 in Fed Funds on Booze, Makeup, Clothes and Homes…You Won’t Believe Her Punishment!","WHY IS THIS CRIMINAL ALLOWED TO JUST SKATE BY WITH SUCH A SHORT AMOUNT OF JAIL TIME?We know that this woman is working on a plea bargain but FIVE YEARS??? The two things that are so outrageous about this entire case are that there was NO OVERSIGHT and that this WENT ON FOR 8 YEARS!!!USING THE FEDS AS YOUR OWN PERSONAL PIGGY BANK:Lorena Loren s job was to help poor people find housing Instead, prosecutors say, she was stealing from the poor to buy booze, makeup, clothes and homes for her relatives.But after years of scheming, authorities say, the government caught on. IT TOOK 8 YEARS!In a public corruption case that surfaced in federal court today, Loren, the former executive director of the St. Clair Housing Commission, was charged with embezzling more than $300,000 in low-income housing funds and spending the money on herself and family.According to a charging document filed in U.S. District Court, Loren s scheme ran between 2008-2016 and benefited many family members, including her husband, son and son-in-law.Prosecutors say Loren s criminal activity started in 2008   five years after she was appointed executive director of the St. Clair Housing Commission, which administers federally funded low-income housing programs in St. Clair County.According to court records, Loren used her job in many nefarious ways, including:  She fraudulently used the housing commission s two credit cards to buy personal items for herself and relatives, including nearly $135,000 in online purchases from Amazon.com; $14,364 in purchases from Sam s Club in Port Huron, and $16,460 in purchases from various Walmart stores. The purchases included, among other things, adult and infant clothing, furniture, food, beauty supplies, medications and alcoholic beverages.  Her unauthorized Amazon.com purchases included $60,000 worth of bedroom furniture, mattresses, appliances and other household items for family members. The items were shipped to Loren s relatives in Georgia and Florida.  She embezzled $24,600 in commission funds to pay for her son s rental unit.  She lied on four government housing contracts by claiming that her son-in-law was the landlord of a rental property for low-income residents in Michigan, when it was really her home in Port Austin.  She falsified lease agreements and stole public housing money that was supposed to help poor people to rent a home for her son.  She  directed members of her family to establish bank accounts  so that federal rental subsidy payments could be deposited into those accounts. The relatives then used the money for their own personal use, including rent for their Florida residences.Loren is charged in what is known as an information, which typically means she is working on a deal with the government. She is charged with conspiracy to commit federal program fraud. If convicted, she faces up to five years in prison.Loren home Lorena Loren bought this $325,000 home in Georgia after federal prosecutors say she embezzled more than $336,000 from the St. Clair Housing Commission.JUDICIAL WATCH: HUD s inspector general has testified before Congress about the severe mismanagement at offshoots functioning independently yet federally funded in states across the country that have fleeced taxpayers out of hundreds of millions of dollars. He testified that his office discovered more than $200 million in questionable spending at local public housing agencies (PHAs) since 2012. PHAs are created by states, operate at the city or county level and administer the federal program known as Section 8 to provide low-income people with affordable housing. Many of these local public housing agencies are run by people with  troubled backgrounds  that somehow manage to remain in high-ranking positions at the agencies, the watchdog told lawmakers back in 2014.DR BEN CARSON NEEDS TO CLEAN THIS UP STAT!READ MORE: DFP",0
10097,REMEMBER WHEN DONALD TRUMP FOUGHT Palm Beach Officials To Make Mar-a-Lago A Club That Welcomed Blacks and Jews When Other Clubs Excluded Them?,"The Washington Post reported: The patriarchs of this quiet island of millionaires threw up roadblocks when Donald Trump swooped in and turned its historic oceanfront Mar-a-Lago mansion into a private club.The town council, seeing Trump as an ostentatious outsider, handed him a list of restrictions as he sought to transform the property in the 1990s. Membership, traffic, party attendance, even photography   all would be strictly limited.But Trump undercut his adversaries with a searing attack, claiming that local officials seemed to accept the established private clubs in town that had excluded Jews and blacks while imposing tough rules on his inclusive one.Trump s lawyer sent every member of the town council copies of two classic movies about discrimination:  A Gentleman s Agreement,  about a journalist who pretends to be Jewish to expose anti-Semitism, and  Guess Who s Coming to Dinner  about a white couple s reaction to their daughter bringing home a black fiance.The move infuriated council members, who said it was a distraction from their concerns that Trump s club would spoil a quiet street. But, in time, Trump got most of the restrictions lifted.In many ways Mar-a-Lago is the antithesis of the area s traditional WASP-y clubs the Beach Club, the Bath and Tennis Club, the Sailfish Club. The Everglades Club, Palm Beach s oldest and founded in 1919, is what Nicholas Golubov, research director for the Historical Society of Palm Beach, called a bastion of  the old, Palm Beach elite. Trump s business model in Palm Beach, by comparison, has been a beacon of inclusion. As long as potential members had the $100,000 entry fee (bumped up to $200,000 in January), there was a good chance that they d be accepted. In a further departure from Palm Beach taste, Trump allowed non-members, as well as members, to rent spaces for bar mitzvahs, bat mitzvahs, weddings, and charity galas. Anyone can party at the new Winter White House, as long as they can afford it. I think it s the best thing Trump did in his whole life,  said Laurence Leamer, the author of the book Madness Under the Royal Palms: Love and Death Behind the Gates of Palm Beach.  He opened up this island. He also had Jews and gays and African Americans he even had the first gay wedding. Most Palm Beach clubs have unapologetically restrictive membership policies, but resist any notion that those policies have anything to do with race, creed, or color.  That s an old-fashioned view, certainly of our club,  said John Newman, general manager Sailfish Club.  We have no discrimination in our club; members have to be sponsored by a current member, but we have all faiths in our club.  (The Bath and Tennis, Beach, and Everglades clubs declined to comment for this article; Mar-a-Lago did not respond to requests for comment.) Bloomberg Palm Beach has a lot of rules: No whistling allowed on public streets after midnight. No  Missing Dog    or any sign   posted on a tree. And no flag poles taller than 42 feet.In late 2006 Trump put up a giant American flag on an 80-foot pole. That led to a $1,250-a-day fine against him, drawing national headlines that Trump basked in. Tonight, Donald Trump does legal battle again, this time with a bunch of millionaires down in Palm Beach, Florida, who told Trump he s flying his flag too high,  is how Nancy Grace started her CNN interview in January 2007 with Trump.  Can you fly the American flag too high?  she asked.Trump got fan mail as he said in a blizzard of interviews:  No American should have to get a permit to fly the flag. I said,  This is a dream to have someone sue me to take down the American flag,  Trump said in the interview.Trump sued Palm Beach for $25 million in damages, arguing the flag was constitutionally protected free speech.Ultimately, Trump reached a settlement with the town. He would put a slightly smaller flag farther from the road and mount it on a 70-foot pole.Instead of paying any fines, Trump made a $100,000 donation to a veterans charity.",0
10098,ANTIFA MANUAL FOUND On Evergreen College Campus: Shut Down Their Rallies…Force The Media To Show Our Side As The Righteous One,"This copy of the Antifa Manual, that is used by the George Soros funded, violent, anti-American, anti free-speech radical group, was allegedly found on the Evergreen College campus. The content of this manual is disturbing and should be read by every American, so we understand what we are up against. It helps to explain why these groups call our President and his supporters  Hitler  or  racists  or  homophobes.  It s not that Trump or his supporters are any of these things, it s just part of a campaign to humiliate and shut down any opposition to radicals whose ultimate goal is a one world order and the destruction of capitalism in America. This manual gives every day Americans a look into the mind of a leftist radical who hates America and everything Americans stand for. They clearly have no regard for free-speech and are willing to use any means necessary, including deceit, outright lies and of course, violence to achieve their ultimate goals of a New World Order.This page explains how Antifa members are to use name-calling as a means to create a culture of tolerance.  When all else fails, compare someone to Hitler.  Next they discuss how to use ones minority status, and to remember that you are  Black first  and  American second.  or  Gay/Lesbian first  and  American third  and so on.It s important to gain control of the media through any means necessary.Some major media conglomerates are swinging to our side, but they have not gone far enough.It s no coincidence that CNN just published a fluff piece on Antifa today: Unmasking the leftist Antifa movementThe CNN piece was clearly written to shed a sympathetic light on the violent group that s been caught attacking and harming so many innocent Americans, many of them were harmed by Antifa for defending free speech and/or our President Donald J. Trump.Look for the leftist media to kick it into high gear when it comes to defending the violence perpetrated on innocent Americans by the violent Antifa group. More of these soft pieces on the radical Antifa group are sure to be popping up over the next several months.If you are seeking positions of power in the media, be sure to obfuscate and hide your true intentions on the various social media platforms.Use social media as a baton to slap down anyone who hold fascist viewpoints. Call them racist, homophobic, misogynistic. Create an echo chamber around you.The next step is to threaten the livelihood of anyone who dares speak out against our agenda.The pro-abortion page: This page talks about how white people are able to afford to have their  fetuses  aborted, while  people of color  have little choice but to keep a baby to term.And finally, the ultimate goal is a New World Order and a New World Government where hatred and bigotry no longer exist. Imagine, if Antifa could figure out a way through George Soros funded activity, to shut down the rights of every American using violence and hatred at tools, their dream might just be possible until they wake up and realize of course, that most Americans don t hate this country and aren t interested in Antifa s special brand of violence and chaos.",0
10099,HEARTBROKEN WOMAN IN TEARS After Boston Antifa Assaults Her: “I’m watching America be destroyed” [Video],"In case you missed this earlier today A woman was hit by an anarchist and then dragged by her American flag. She ran to find the attacker and came upon a group of Black Lives Matter  girls  who taunted her. It s sickening to watch but shows just hoe hateful these people are. She explains in the second video down FOX NEWS: Woman waving American flag hit, dragged by Antifa at #BostonFreeSpeechRally. pic.twitter.com/0c7htSrgqA  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) August 19, 2017 This Boston Patriot is clearly heartbroken UPDATE: Patriotic elderly woman tearfully recounts being physically assaulted by Antifa at #BostonFreeSpeechRally. pic.twitter.com/U615iiSDmG  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) August 20, 2017  They don t care    heartbroken Boston womanGuess who else doesn t care? The main stream media! They were absent from the area but you can bet if this was a left leaning person the media would have been all over this woman. Shame on them!",0
10100,Alt-Left Vandalizes Catholic Saint Statue: “The statue should come down”,"President Trump was right again! He said mob rule of removing statues is a slippery slope. Where does it end? A great example of the problem is the latest statue to be vandalized:On top of people calling for the removal of George Washington s statue and the Jefferson Memorial, vandals in California have pointed their crosshairs at recently-canonized St. Junipero Serra.According to a CBS Local report, a photo circulating the rounds on Facebook shows that a statue of Junipero Serra alongside a Native American boy in a park across from Mission San Fernando was vandalized with red paint and the word  murder  written in white. The Native American boy had a swastika painted across his chest.City officials could not confirm the photo s authenticity. However, when investigators went to the site, they did indeed see red paint on Serra s arm and a swastika painted on the child next to him, which means the neighboring Catholic mission apparently cleaned the statue as best they could to avoid drawing controversy.That would make perfect sense, considering that whenever the Left gets their hands on controversy like this, they always show up to get their inner Bolshevik on.Some of the people interviewed by CBS expressed disapproval of the statue s presence, falsely claiming that St. Junipero Serra sought the destruction of Native American culture.Read more: Daily Wire",0
10101,LEFTIST ANTIFA Attacks Boston Police…Shows Their True Colors in Violent Display Against Free Speech [Video],"HATE IS WHAT ANTIFA DOES SO WELL DOES THE LEFT REALLY WANT TO ASSOCIATE WITH THESE VIOLENT ANARCHISTS?Leftist protestors follow Boston police officers yelling cruel and vile language at them. This is sick. pic.twitter.com/LQlb7Uj2hu  The Rouser (@RouserNews) August 19, 2017ANTIFA THREW URINE AT THE POLICE OFFICERS AND OTHERS BOSTON POLICE TRYING TO KEEP ANTIFA FROM RUSHING THEMBoston police taking down Antifa members who keep rushing them. pic.twitter.com/W8QJK89QUS  The Rouser (@RouserNews) August 19, 2017This really looks like  love,  Boston. People harassing police officers for doing their jobs. Sick. pic.twitter.com/8O5MykshlP  The Rouser (@RouserNews) August 19, 2017THEY CARRIED STICKS WITH NAILS IN THEMNotice the nails in the ends of Antifa sticks? That s called a weapon. They use them to stab police horses. pic.twitter.com/dsU0wPoIVU  CHIEF (@texashabanero) August 19, 2017",0
10102,"END OF FOX NEWS MONOPOLY? LIBERAL Murdoch Sons Who Fired Bill O’Reilly and Roger Ailes, Suspended Eric Bolling, Are About To Get Some SERIOUS Competition","The wife of Fox News co-owner James Murdoch, made no secret of her dislike for Steve Bannon back in April of 2017: Enough of President Bannon. President Jarvanka preferable.  Kathryn Murdoch (@KathrynAMurdoch) April 5, 2017Are the Murdoch family about to be sorry they ever wished for Steve Bannon to be fired or to resign from his position? According to Axios: Steve Bannon is about to becoe a very big threat to the Murdoch Brothers conservative-leaning network news monopoly.Unshaven and working from home in cargo shorts as he moves into  Bannon the Barbarian  mode, Steve Bannon is thinking bigger than Breitbart.Axios  Jonathan Swan hears Bannon has told friends he sees a massive opening to the right of Fox News, raising the possibility that he s going to start a network.Bannon s friends are speculating about whether it will be a standalone TV network, or online streaming only. Before his death in May, Roger Ailes had sent word to Bannon that he wanted to start a channel together. Bannon loved the idea: He believes Fox is heading in a squishy, globalist direction as the Murdoch sons assume more power. Now he has the means, motive and opportunity: His chief financial backer, Long Island hedge fund billionaire Bob Mercer, is ready to invest big in what s coming next, including a huge overseas expansion of Breitbart News. On Day 1, Bannon declared he s taking his West Wing infighting to the outside, telling Bloomberg Businessweek s Josh Green that he s  going to war for Trump against his opponents   on Capitol Hill, in the media, and in corporate America. The reality is that Bannon will go nuclear on former colleagues he calls  West Wing Democrats : economic adviser Gary Cohn, Jared and Ivanka ( Javanka,  as he calls them) and Deputy National Security Adviser Dina Powell.The revved-up Breitbart operation is also likely to target Speaker Ryan, as it did before Trump.Why it matters: The country s national political conversation is about to get even uglier, if you can imagine. It s going to be dark, and toxic, with a fight on the right that may be more bitter and personal than hostilities between Republicans and Democrats.Will Steve Bannon be more useful to the conservative movement on the outside? Will he use his experiences in the White House and his vast knowledge in the world of conservative media to build a media empire that could crush the Murdoch s FOX News network? Many Americans will be wondering Will Bannon hire Bill O Reilly, the one man who kept Fox News at the top of the ratings for over a decade? President Trump wished Steve Bannon well in his return to Breitbart News. Is it possible Trump knew of Bannon s plans to build a right-leaning media empire that could take down the leftist fake news monopoly we currently see in America?100 Percent FED UP  With the liberal sons of Rupert Murdoch now firmly at the helm of what once was a conservative-leaning alternative to leftist cable news shows like CNN, MSNBC and the mainstream media news outlets, there is a very good chance Americans are witnessing the end of a significant era where FOX News ruled the ratings and liberal-run propaganda networks only dreamed of the kind of revenue they were pulling down.It is difficult to exaggerate the significance of Fox News  sacking of Bill O Reilly.Not only was he the single most dominant public figure in America s vast conservative media environment, his removal signals the growing power of James and Lachlan Murdoch in the world s most powerful media empire, their father Rupert Murdoch s 21st Century Fox.O Reilly was dismissed overnight following allegations of sexual harassment by at least six women. It has been reported that Lachlan s wife Sarah Murdoch helped influence the decision. Last year the former Fox News creator, Roger Ailes, was sacked in similar circumstances, going on to advise Donald Trump s presidential campaign.Murdoch s support for Trump distinguishes him from some of his children, including James, who told more than one friend of his dismay that his father was backing the Trump candidacy. James s wife, Kathryn, backed Hillary Clinton during the campaign and has been a vocal critic of the new president on Twitter. In September Kathryn tweeted:  A vote for Trump is a vote for climate catastrophe , while on the night of the president s stunning election victory she wrote:  I can t believe this is happening. I am so ashamed. James and Kathryn are committed environmentalists: she is on the board of the Environmental Defense Fund, which a Fox News report recently labelled a  leftwing group , while James wrote in The Washington Post in 2009 that  conservation-minded conservatives  were  missing in the heated partisanship of today s politics .   Financial TimesJames Murdoch s wife works for the Clinton Climate Initiative. She is an outspoken hater of President Trump on Twitter and much of her hate is directed at his refusal to accept that man-made climate warming cooling change is settled science. Here are a few examples of the hate she spews for Donald Trump on Twitter:""An angry reflex in search of an idea"" sums up a lot https://t.co/sof1ZB4paw  Kathryn Murdoch (@KathrynAMurdoch) March 28, 2017Will Sean Hannity leave the left-leaning Fox News for a less hostile environment? Will Bannon put Greta VanSusteran back on the air? How long will conservatives like Jesse Watters and Judge Jeanine stick around the sinking ship with radical leftist personalities like Shep Smith, Juan Williams and Geraldo Rivera covering the side of news that the Murdoch brothers and their Trump-hating wives approve of?  ",0
10103,WATCH: COWARDLY ANTIFA THUGS Surround Afghanistan Veteran At Boston Free Speech Rally…Scream In His Face: “F*ck Off Nazi Scum!”,"***WARNING***This video is very disturbing!Try to imagine this brave man who voluntarily enlisted in our US military, traveled halfway around the world to Afghanistan where he risked his life to defend our nation against some of the most evil people on the planet, only to come home to some of the most evil people in America shouting,  F*ck off Nazi scum!  in his face. The saddest part of this video is watching the Afghanistan veteran actually attempt to have dialogue with these anti-American jack-asses, who are likely only there to collect a paycheck from George Soros.The crime of attending the free-speech rally in and of itself, was enough to anger these anti-Americans, but the moment this veteran admitted to supporting President Trump, the angry Alt-Left crowd began to come unhinged. Would this video of an Afghanistan veteran, who appears to be all by himself in a large group of violent, Soros funded Antifa thugs,  be splashed all over every network in America if he was verbally assaulted by this group of masked cowards for defending Barack Obama during his presidency? If we didn t know better, we d almost think there was a double standard in America.Antifa assembled at the entry point of the free speech rally. pic.twitter.com/FaXVdnbfD0  Kirk and Callahan (@KirkAndCallahan) August 19, 2017There is no place for these types of violent, masked cowards in America. President Trump was correct to not defend these Antifa thugs, who ve been laying low in their parent s basements after they got pummeled by conservatives who fought back against their attacks in California.",0
10104,"WATCH: THESE ARE THE LEFTISTS Mitt Romney, John McCain, Marco Rubio and Our Liberal Media Attacked President Trump For Not Defending","Earlier this week, prominent members of the GOP like Mitt Romney, John McCain and Marco Rubio attacked President Trump for condemning both sides for the violence in Charlottesville, VA last weekend. Today, two police officers were killed in an apparent ambush today in Kissimmee, Florida. Both men woke up, put their uniforms on and committed to protecting total strangers. Instead of protecting them, these two brave men, Officer Matthew Baxter and Sergeant Sam Howard were ambushed and murdered by the cowards police believe dialed 911 for help.On the other side of the nation, at almost the same time that two innocent police officers were being murdered, brave Boston police officers and Massachusetts State Police were defending 50 pro-free speech Americans, who were surrounded by 30,000 hateful and violent protesters who were threatening American citizens for daring to take a stand for the First Amendment. The pro free-speech Americans had to be carted away in by police in wagons, as violent leftists waited for them to exit the Boston Commons area where they gathered with American flags and peacefully spoke to one another about the importance of free speech in America.Here s a picture of some of the  White Supremacists  defending free-speech in Boston today:https://twitter.com/TruthinGov2016/status/898987969373011969Watch CNN totally lie to their viewers, as they twist the narrative of the FREE SPEECH rally, calling it an  Alt-Right  rally:#BlackLivesMatter organized march started in Boston against racism & Alt-light rally at #BostonCommon & in solidarity w #Charlottesville. pic.twitter.com/hEljI0lyxG  Sara Sidner (@sarasidnerCNN) August 19, 2017Brave Boston police officers were deployed to keep the peace.  Keeping 30,000 angry leftists away from 50 peaceful Americans is  no easy task when you have people on the left who are itching for a fight. Their fight is not just with Americans who want to protect our First Amendment Right to free speech, it s also with the cops. Former GOP presidential candidates like Mitt Romney, John McCain and Marco Rubio took to social media to trash President Trump for not embracing the violent left (the same groups of leftist agitators who were in Charlottesville that are now in Boston). What these sore losers have clearly forgotten is how Barack Obama and his administrations embraced the war on our law enforcement. What these clowns don t see is that cops being murdered or innocent Americans being beaten bloody because they don t hold the same leftist views is never going to end, unless we have a leader who is willing to call them out.Watch this large group surround and threaten one young man who was all by himself because he was wearing a Trump hat. Can anyone imagine this happening to anyone wearing an Obama hat while he was president? How about you Mitt Romney? Are you okay with this?Guy wearing @realDonaldTrump red cap quickly surrounded, people yelling ""shame."" Forced to remove.#BostonFreeSpeechRally #BostonCommon pic.twitter.com/2lU2MN11at  Jonathan Choe (@choenbcboston) August 19, 2017Here s an example of the  peaceful  left that so many Americans were enraged about President Trump not defending in Charlottesville last weekend. This is what our law enforcement are dealing with every day in America, courtesy of Barack Obama, Eric Holder, Loretta Lynch, Al Sharpton and Black Lives Matter.Joe Biggs of Infowars was at the FREE SPEECH event and documented how the police officers had to rescue them from being attacked by massive group of violent leftists (language warning).Just before we loaded up and rolled out of the common. pic.twitter.com/ZHgl3yVuoo  Joe Biggs (@Rambobiggs) August 19, 2017Watch, as the Massachusetts State Police attempt to move violent protesters back so they can help the small group of free speech Americans escape without being harmed or worse by violent leftist agitators. Anybody wanna be a cop? Too much love in Boston, not sure I can handle it #freespeechrally pic.twitter.com/VMp6whV3RB  Kyle (@K_y_l_e___) August 19, 2017Here s a photo of the FREE SPEECH Americans being carted away in police wagons for their own safety from the large mob of violent leftists:That was fun ride   pic.twitter.com/dJbaRN9uyf  Joe Biggs (@Rambobiggs) August 19, 2017Watch this female senior citizen being attacked and dragged on the ground by an Antifa thug for the crime of holding an American flag.:Here s a look at the person who attacked her. Please share this with everyone to help us identify this person: Found Pic Of Antifa Thug At #Boston Common Free Speech Rally That Assaulted Woman. Let's FIND HIM, Report To @bostonpolice#freespeechrally pic.twitter.com/RW1tJ2yLHg  Deplorable R z rbak (@MediaJuggernaut) August 19, 2017",0
10105,"BREAKING NEWS: WATCH VIOLENT ANTIFA Cowards ATTACK, Drag Female Senior Citizen Holding US Flag At PRO-FREE SPEECH Rally In Boston…Successfully SHUT DOWN RALLY","Massive protests have been taking place Boston where a FREE SPEECH rally was planned at Boston Commons. It s now being reported that the FREE SPEECH rally has been shut down because the city was overwhelmed by violent members of ANTIFA and the Black Lives Matter hate group.Fox News captured a horrific incident on film of a woman who appears to be a senior citizen who was peacefully holding an American flag when she was blindsided by an Antifa thug who attacked her when he grabbed her US flag. The woman held tight to her flag as the male Antifa, Alt-Left thug dragged her along the ground.Fox News Channel captured the attack on video.Boston thug attacks woman waving American flag. https://t.co/sQgVeDQ75z Antifa & BLM are MSM-supported hate groups  toddstarnes (@toddstarnes) August 19, 2017Watch how quickly the Left is able to turn a FREE SPEECH rally into a  White Supremacist  or  Nazi  rally, even though there is absolutely NO evidence of either hate group being represented. The only hate group represented at the rally appears to be ANTIFA and Black Lives Matter:Happening Now: Rival protests in #Boston. #BostonCommon #freespeechrally pic.twitter.com/vveEw2TpV1  Fox News (@FoxNews) August 19, 2017Leftists on social media actually advertised bringing radicals together to SHUT DOWN FREE SPEECH. Let that sink in ALERT: At 10 am, over 10,000 people will march from Reggie Lewis Center to Boston Common as a counter-protest to the 'Free Speech Rally'. pic.twitter.com/8jLBdk61yX  Only In Boston (@OnlyInBOS) August 19, 2017Black Lives Matter will join Antifa to shut down FREE SPEECH:Black Lives Matter news conference in Roxbury: planning for 20,000-30,000 counter protesters to march to Boston Common tomorrow. #wcvb pic.twitter.com/PYme21bupy  Josh Brogadir (@JoshBrogadirTV) August 18, 2017https://twitter.com/asktheduchess/status/898883296888725504The setup in Boston Common is on. Antifa thugs will be violent, free speech activists will be blamed  Alt-Left Mel  (@punishedmel1) August 18, 2017",0
10106,“HOW CAN WE GET BEHIND SUCH CORRUPTION?” CNN PANEL Shocked by Truth from Black Patriot After They Tried to Tell Him He’s Wrong About the Racist DNC [Video],"The video below is a classic  from the campaign. It s rare that CNN doesn t cut people off like this man. Gary Frazier gives a dose of truth serum to the panel on CNN but they won t listen This is awesome!Katrina Pierson commented and then Frazier was asked to respond. Well, the last thing that CNN s Carol costello expected was agreement from Frazier. The other panelists try and tell Frazier he s wrong. LOL!  You tried to send us Oprah then you sent us Obama The truth is that the DNC has used race as a tool to divide for decades. They don t want the black community to rise up and see the truth. It s been great for the Democrats to have the black community s support and they don t want to lose those votes. That s why you constantly hear people in power trying to create racial strife It s been profitable for them in so many ways. Until we start to have a real conversation about what we re going to do with those in the minority communities, how can we ever get behind such corruption? Thank you Gary Frazier for telling the truth!TRUMP S CHAIR FOR DIVERSITY OUTREACH SLAMS CUOMO   THIS IS GREAT!",0
10107,THE LEFT LOSES AGAIN: Third Quarter Economic Estimate Explodes!,"The news that the forecast for the third quarter GDP is set to  expand  to 4.0 will be bad news for the Democrats who are trying to take down President Trump. It will be ignored by the mainstream media who are focused on statues and protests.This should be great news for Trump s economic team of brilliant and successful businessmen but even greater news for ALL Americans!  MAGA!REUTERS REPORTED:  The U.S. economy is on track to expand at a 4.0 percent annualized pace in the third quarter with inventory investment contributing 1.12 percentage points to growth, the Atlanta Federal Reserve s GDP Now forecast model showed on Thursday.Last Friday, the government said its first reading on the gross domestic product in the second quarter was a 2.6 percent growth pace, which was 0.2 point below Atlanta Fed s final estimate.A PRO-GROWTH PRESIDENT FINALLY!President Trump has  unleashed the beast ! Pro-growth and less regulation within industry in America has allowed our economy to nearly double the GDP within the president s first year Amazing!The coal industry is back along with the steel industry. Ripping away unnecessary regulations is the key to growth. Trump knows how to get America back to work and how to help industry do that.WHILE THE LEFT PROTESTS PRETTY MUCH EVERYTHING   TRUMP WINS!When President Trump was campaigning to Make America Great Again, so many of us understood that this meant bringing back growth to our economy. A successful America is great for everyone! Those who don t have a political agenda understand  this is a win-win no matter who you are.THIS IS EXACTLY WHY TRUMP WON!",0
10108,BREITBART SENIOR EDITOR SPEAKS OUT On Bannon’s Departure…Declares #War on the Left [Video],"Joel Pollack has been with Breitbart News through the years of Obama and beyond so he knows this is a war. It s so much more that STATUES He gets it and it s great to know Steve Bannon will be back in the trenches with Pollack.Interesting @MSNBC segment with @AliVelshi and @joelpollak https://t.co/cd011s0Wvn  Ben Jacobs (@Bencjacobs) August 18, 2017Joel Pollack: Hashtag  War  has been our motto since the days of Andrew Breitbart. And we use it whenever we go to war against our three main targets which are, in order- Hollywood and the mainstream media, number one   the Democratic party and institutional left, number two   and the Republican establishment in Washington, number three  Our mission remains the same as it has been before Trump, as it was after he was elected and as it will continue to be. Great debate that we wish would happen more often Many of the comments from both sides said that this was fantastic because both sides were given a chance to speak. ",0
10109,LIBERALS HAVE NO BUSINESS Criticizing President Trump Until They Can Explain What Former President Obama Is Doing In This Photo,"The Democrats and their allies in the media have spent most of this entire week condemning President Trump for blaming both sides for the violent confrontations in Charlottesville, Va. The problem is, President Trump never once condoned the actions of the KKK or the Nazi sympathizers. Trump simply said that both sides (including the violent Antifa and Black Lives Matter protesters) were at fault.Where was the condemnation from the media and the Democrat Party when President Barack Obama eulogized the former KKK Grand Dragon Robert Byrd?  In the early 1940s, a politically ambitious butcher from West Virginia named Bob Byrd recruited 150 of his friends and associates to form a chapter of the Ku Klux Klan. After Byrd had collected the $10 joining fee and $3 charge for a robe and hood from every applicant, the  Grand Dragon  for the mid-Atlantic states came down to tiny Crab Orchard, W.Va., to officially organize the chapter.As Byrd recalls now, the Klan official, Joel L. Baskin of Arlington, Va., was so impressed with the young Byrd s organizational skills that he urged him to go into politics.  The country needs young men like you in the leadership of the nation,  Baskin said.The young Klan leader went on to become one of the most powerful and enduring figures in modern Senate history. Throughout a half-century on Capitol Hill, Sen. Robert C. Byrd (D-W.Va.) has twice held the premier leadership post in the Senate, helped win ratification of the Panama Canal treaty, squeezed billions from federal coffers to aid his home state, and won praise from liberals for his opposition to the war in Iraq and his defense of minority party rights in the Senate.   Washington PostWhen the KKK Grand Dragon died in July of 2010, President Barack Obama eulogized him, while Hillary Clinton sang the praises of the West Virginia Democrat Senator Robert Byrd she called her  mentor. During his eulogy, President Barack Obama expressed his admiration for the KKK Grand Dragon and later, the US Senator Robert Byrd: And as I reflect on the full sweep of his 92 years, it seems to me that his life bent towards justice,  Obama said.  Like the Constitution he tucked in his pocket, like our nation itself, Robert Byrd possessed that quintessential American quality, and that is a capacity to change, a capacity to learn, a capacity to listen, a capacity to be made more perfect. ",0
10110,WATCH DINESH D’SOUZA Totally Embarrass Liberal Caller On C-SPAN: “First of all…” [Video],"If you want to try to dispute Dinesh D Souza s arguments, you should probably start by actually reading his book This is a classic because the woman is so clueless about Obama 2016 and projects what the left does onto the right.Available nationwide, Dinesh D Souza s new book  The Big Lie  exposes the Left s biggest lie yet: their orchestrated campaign to paint conservatives as Nazis to cover up their own fascism.To cover up their insidious fascist agenda, Democrats loudly accuse President Trump and other Republicans of being Nazis an obvious lie, considering the GOP has been fighting the Democrats over slavery, genocide, racism and fascism from the beginning.",0
10111,TRUMP SUPPORTER and Rocker TED NUGENT UNLOADS On LEFTIST Hippie David Crosby: A “Bloated Carcass” who “Competes with Michael Moore to see who can go the longest without hygiene”,"Ted Nugent hits the nail on the head Ted Nugent and David Crosby are in the midst of a social-media spat over Nugent s claim that  political correctness  is keeping him out of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Crosby has dismissed the Motor City Madman s work as not good enough, while Nugent called the former Byrds star a  bloated chemical repository  in response.Nugent fired the first shot last week when he accused Hall of Fame boss Jann Wenner of hating the Second Amendment and the NRA, of which Nugent is a board member.  That s the only reason I m not in,  Nugent said.  And until they get their heads out of their ass, I m more than happy to do what I do and do it with all the vim and vigor that I do it every night.  However, asked if he d like to be inducted, he replied,  Hell, yes. Crosby got involved on Monday, when he was asked via Twitter whether he agreed with Nugent s assessment, and replied:  No, the a hole just isn t good enough.  When it was later suggested that the classic track  Cat Scratch Fever  alone might earn Nugent an induction, Crosby said:  Nope. No the asshole just isn't good enough https://t.co/tiJ4rJaX4S  David Crosby (@thedavidcrosby) August 14, 2017Nugent fired back on Tuesday, taking to Facebook to say:  Everybody knows that David Crosby is an evil rotten soulless punk that has criminally poisoned his bloated carcass his entire vapid life. I couldn t be more proud that such an uncaring dirtbag hates me, while he competes with Michael Moore to see who can go the longest without hygiene.   Let s all pray he can form a syllable before his borrowed liver fails. I laugh at his pathetic slovenliness. Via: Ultimate Classic Rock ",0
10112,TRUMP’S DOJ MAKES Announcement on Anti-Gun Obama-Era “Operation Choke Point”,"The program is dead! Operation Choke Point is no longer a huge nuisance to gun dealers. Republican leaders like Bob Goodlatte made it clear to the Trump administration s DOJ that they wanted this program to end ASAP.Eric Holder launched the program when he was attorney general. The program was a thorn in the side of gun dealers because it hurt a gun dealer s ability to receive financial services from banks.One statement from the DOJ stands out:  Law abiding businesses should not be targeted simply for operating in an industry that a particular administration might disfavor. HUH? SHOULDN T IT GO WITHOUT SAYING THAT THE DOJ SHOULDN T TARGET CERTAIN BUSINESSES??? WHAT IN THE WORLD!GOP lawmakers wrote:  Operation Choke Point was an Obama Administration initiative that destroyed legitimate businesses to which that Administration was ideologically opposed (e.g., firearms dealers) by intimidating financial institutions into denying banking services to those businesses. TRUNP DOJ ENDS HOLDER PROGRAM HINDERING GUN DEALERSThe Trump Justice Department is ending an Obama-era program that had attempted to cut off credit to shady businesses but came under fire from Republicans for unfairly targeting gun dealers and other legitimate operations.Just days after top House Republicans had pressed Attorney General Jeff Sessions to shutter Operation Choke Point, the department confirmed in a response letter that the program is dead. All of the Department s bank investigations conducted as part of Operation Chokepoint are now over, the initiative is no longer in effect, and it will not be undertaken again,  Assistant Attorney General Stephen Boyd said in the Aug. 16-dated letter, calling it a  misguided initiative  from the prior administration.Read more: Fox News",0
10113,STEVE BANNON JUST MADE A BIG ANNOUNCEMENT About What He’ll Be Doing After Leaving The White House…And It’s Very Bad News For The Left  ,"Former White House Chief Strategist Stephen K. Bannon left the White House today and has already returned as Executive Chairman of Breitbart News, where he will continue to go to war for President Trump.Unfortunately for the Left, Steve Bannon will continue to go to war for Trump against his opponents, he just won t be conducting the war from the White House anymore. There are very few conservatives in America who really know how to beat the left at their own game. Conservatives need someone like Steve Bannon more than ever right now. Fortunately for us, he doesn t plan to walk away from the fight. Josh Caplan reports that Bannon will continue his fight for Trump from the outside after his exit from the White House today.FULL STATEMENT: Bannon says he s  going to war for Trump  after White House exit pic.twitter.com/e61m6bb74O  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) August 18, 2017 If there s any confusion out there, let me clear it up: I m leaving the White House and going to war for Trump against his opponents   on Capitol Hill, in the media, and in corporate America,  Bannon told Bloomberg News Friday in his first public comments after his departure was announced.Bannon led the evening editorial meeting at Breitbart, where he resumed his role as executive chairman, the website said in a statement. A person who was on the call said Bannon called on the group to  hunker down  and work like never before to advance conservative causes.  Bloomberg The populist-nationalist movement got a lot stronger today,  said Breitbart News Editor-in-Chief Alex Marlow.  Breitbart gained an executive chairman with his finger on the pulse of the Trump agenda. Breitbart News CEO and President Larry Solov agreed. Breitbart s pace of global expansion will only accelerate with Steve back,  said Solov.  The sky s the limit. Bannon joined the Trump campaign on August 17, 2016   nearly one year ago to the day of his return to Breitbart. He submitted his intention to leave the White House on August 7 of this year. White House Chief of Staff John Kelly and Steve Bannon have mutually agreed today would be Steve s last day,  said White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders Friday afternoon.  We are grateful for his service and wish him the best.   Breitbart ",0
10114,"KATIE COURIC HITS NEW CAREER LOW: Asks Perfect Strangers CRINGEWORTHY Questions: “Do You Watch Porn?”…Asks Couple,”Have You Ever Cheated On Your Spouse?” [VIDEO]","Katie Couric s career has been pretty much in a free fall since she left the Today Show to accept a job as the new host of the CBS News, after the disgraced ex-host Dan Rather, retired (not surprisingly) after he was caught using manufactured evidence to support a fake hit-piece designed to harm the credibility of President George W. Bush. Shortly after Katie failed miserably at her CBS News host gig, she was caught editing a documentary on gun violence that she used to help push her radical anti-gun agenda.Katie recently left Yahoo News where she had a less than spectacular career.  It now appears that the liberal hack  reporter  Katie Couric has now sunk to a new low. While it s impossible to imagine she could sink any lower, Couric has managed to slither under the bar with her new InStyle magazine gig.The questions Couric asked of perfect strangers weren t funny and they certainly weren t interesting. They were cringeworthy and very uncomfortable. One only needs to watch the interview to see how truly painful it was.Watch the cringeworthy interview here:",0
10115,"BREAKING NEWS: Trump’s Chief Strategist, STEVE BANNON IS GONE!…ANN COULTER: Not Good News, Trump Should’ve Hired “Ten More Like Him”…NEWT GINGRICH Sounds Alarm","This is a very big deal. It s very likely that Steve Bannon, who was one of Andrew Breitbart s best friends, knew, and understood the left better than any person on Trump s White House staff. This could be a big blow to Trump and the unprecedented battle he s been fighting against a ruthless and moral-less opponent.White House chief strategist Steve Bannon is leaving his position in President Donald Trump s administration. White House Chief of Staff John Kelly and Steve Bannon have mutually agreed today would be Steve s last day,  press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in a statement Friday.  We are grateful for his service and wish him the best. The Drudge Report first reported the news, and said that he may return to the conservative website Breitbart.The political strategist reportedly submitted his resignation to the president on Aug. 7, according to The New York Times. While it was scheduled for Monday, Bannon s resignation was delayed in the aftermath of the violent protests in Charlottesville, Va., over the weekend. Trump and administration officials have been deliberating for some time as to when and how to release Bannon.Bannon was one of the first people to jump on board the president s political team when he announced his bid for the presidency in 2015. Rumors floated Thursday that Bannon might lose his job after the political strategist landed in hot water after The Prospect released an article Wednesday in which Bannon made some unsavory comments regarding members of the administration.  Daily CallerAnn Coulter told the Daily Caller that the Bannon firing is  Not good news  and that  Trump should ve hired ten more like him Conservative commentator Ann Coulter is upset about Steve Bannon s ouster and believes it  makes it appear that Trump is easily manipulable by the media. Bannon, a staunch conservative and supporter of Trump s agenda, left his post as White House chief strategist Friday after months of media criticism. The former Breitbart executive kept a whiteboard in his wall that kept track of Trump s campaign promises and was in a constant battle against moderates in the White House like Gary Cohn and Jared Kushner. This makes it appear that Trump is easily manipulable by the media,  Coulter told The Daily Caller Friday over email.  They just need to give all credit to any White House staffer they want to get rid of. I dread to think of who the media decide to get rid of next. President Trump has recently been upset about a book that heavily credits Bannon with Trump s White House victory. He told a close confidant,  I hate it when people take credit for an election I won. Coulter wrote to the TheDC,  Trump is right that Bannon isn t responsible for Trump s win. Of course, Trump won the nomination and the presidency of his own will! Bannon supported those issues and supported Trump at least as early as January 2016,  Coulter added.  Who else in the White House did? Most of the White House staff wasn t on the Trump train until after the election. She went on to write:  Not good news. Instead of firing Bannon, because Trump had his nose out of joint about the media giving Bannon all credit for the victory, Trump should ve hired ten more like him. Media heads would have exploded. Former Speaker of the House and longtime Trump supporter Newt Gingrich is seriously worried about the future of Donald Trump s presidency.Gingrich, who has consistently been one of Trump s most optimistic supporters, said Friday morning that Trump is more isolated than he realizes and needs to make  serious changes  if he s going to have a stable presidency. I think he s in a position right now where he s much more isolated than he realizes,  Gingrich said in an interview with Fox News  Bill Hemmer.  On the Hill, he has far more people willing to sit to one side and not help him right now, and I think that he needs to recognize that he s taken a good first step with bringing in General Kelly, but he needs to think about what has not worked. You don t get down to 35 percent approval and have people in your own party shooting at you and conclude that everything s going fine.   Daily Caller ",0
10116,SLAM DUNK! YOU’LL LOVE CHARLES BARKLEY’S Take On #ConfederateStatues [Video],"This is awesome! Basketball great Charles Barkley spoke up on the Confederate Statues controversy and called out the people who are focussing on the statues and not their ability to help themselves, their community and country.#ConfederateStatues A unique take from #CharlesBarkley pic.twitter.com/l9Dz43sLp3  Rick Karle (@RickKarle) August 17, 2017Social media gave Barkley a high five for his take on the controversy:But Barkley is sure to get backlash in 3,2,1 BARKLEY PREVIOUSLY SPOKE OUT ON THE BLACK COMMUNITY:NBA legend and all around awesome person, Charles Barkley, was recently interviewed by a local Philadelphia radio station about the current racial issues plaguing America. During the interview, Barkley stated that  unintelligent,   brainwashed  African-Americans are the ones keeping successful ones down, not white people, or cops.What prompted Charles Barkley s response was a question posed to him on the radio show,  Afternoons with Anthony Gargano and Rob Ellis;  he was asked about a rumor that Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson was being accused by his fellow teammates of not being  black enough. Colin Kaepernick s and Chris Brown s most recent debacles are prefect examples of Charles  logic.Charles Barkley finished out his interview by stating:Via: Blue Lives Matter We think it s time for other high profile people to speak up on this topic Your thoughts?",0
10117,CHRISTIAN GROUPS FEARFUL AFTER TARGETED in Fake Hate Groups List Released by CNN,"CNN published a hate group map and list from the Southern Poverty Law Center that targeted many Christian Organizations. The organizations are fearful for their safety after the bogus  hate map  with the headline,  Here are all the active hate groups where you live.  The Southern Poverty Law Center will have blood on their hands if they cause the injury of anyone in these Christian groups. It s bad enough that they labeled these groups as hate groups but now the people in the groups are fearful.Todd Starnes of Townhall reported:The list included among others American Family Association, Family Research Council, Alliance Defending Freedom, Liberty Counsel and Pacific Justice Institute.American Family Association blasted the CNN story calling it a  sham news article that could easily incite violence and place AFA employees and supporters in harm s way. Liberty Counsel President Mat Staver demanded an immediate retraction   calling CNN s report  false, defamatory and dangerous. Liberty Counsel is not a hate group,  he said.  The false  hate  label is very damaging to our reputation and is a safety risk to our staff. Liberty Counsel is a Christian ministry, and hates no one. Conservatives and Christians have good reason to be worried.In 2012, Floyd Lee Corkins opened fire inside Family Research Council headquarters in Washington, D.C. A security guard was shot and wounded.The domestic terrorist told police he wanted to kill as many employees as possible to intimidate opponents of same-sex marriage. Corkins brought along Chick-fil-A sandwiches, which he intended to smear on the faces of dead staffers.Corkins told authorities that he picked his target using the Southern Poverty Law Center s so-called  hate map. Family Research Council President Tony Perkins appeared on my nationally syndicated radio show Thursday to condemn CNN for using material from an organization that is  an attack dog of the Left. They are not a neutral arbiter that is calling balls and strikes. They are on the field   playing. They are pushing an agenda and anyone who opposes them   they slap a label on them,  Perkins told me. They are inciting violence and it needs to stop,  he added.READ MORE: TOWNHALL",0
10118,BOTTOM FEEDERS PAINT “TEAR IT DOWN” on New Orleans’ Joan of Arc Statue,"HERE WE GO yet another statue of a military hero is reportedly under fire. This figure astride a horse was vandalized with the spray-painted words  Tear It Down .Who was this historical figure? General Lee? Stonewall Jackson? Nathan Bedford Forrest?No, this was a figure who hails from the north.Of France:The phrase  Tear it Down  was hastily sprayed in black paint across the base of the golden Joan of Arc statue on Decatur Street in the French Quarter sometime earlier this week. It has since been removed, with only the vaguest traces of the paint remaining. The  Tear it Down  tag would seem to relate to the debate surrounding the city s ongoing removal of four Confederate monuments. But the statue of Joan of Arc, a 15th-century military leader, martyr and Catholic saint, hasn t been mentioned in the controversy to this point.Amy Kirk Duvoisin, the founder of the annual Joan of Arc parade that ceremonially pauses at the statue on the first day of Carnival season, says she s confused by the vandalism. Surely, people realize she s not related to American history,  she said referring to the French icon.Nah, I wouldn t be so sure.KEEP JOAN OUT OF THIS!According to plaques accompanying the statue, the sculpture of Joan of Arc, who is also known as the Maid of Orleans, was  a gift of the people of France to the citizens of New Orleans  in 1972.On May 1 in Paris, the controversial former right-wing Nationalist Front Party leader Jean-Marie Le Pen, known for his restrictive views on French immigration, led a rally at a duplicate golden statue of Joan of Arc in Paris.The Monumental Task Committee, an organization that describes itself as being devoted to  preserving, restoring and protecting monuments,  is soliciting for donations through its website to restore the Joan of Arc statue.Read more: NOLA ",0
10119,WATCH: BLACK TRUMP SUPPORTER BLASTS CA City Council Over “Racist” Sanctuary Cities…And It’s SPECTACULAR!,"An unidentified black Trump supporter blasted the Cudahy City, CA Council members over her objections to  racist  sanctuary cities. Her argument was based on her belief that sanctuary cities offer certain protections and benefits that are not even being offered to legal American citizens.Watch her amazing take down of the bleeding hearts who put lawbreaking foreign citizens before taxpaying and unemployed American citizens: Cities and CountiesCaliforniaAlameda County Berkley Contra Costa County Los Angeles County Los Angeles Monterey County Napa County Orange County Orange County Riverside County Sacramento County San Bernardino County San Diego County San Francisco County San Mateo County Santa Ana Santa Clara County Santa Cruz County Sonoma CountyColoradoArapahoe County Aurora Boulder County Denver County Garfield County Grand County Jefferson County Larimer County Mesa County Pitkin County Pueblo County Routt County San Miguel County Weld CountyConnecticutEast Haven HartfordDistrict Of ColumbiaWashingtonFloridaAlachua County Clay County Hernando CountyGeorgiaClayton County DeKalb CountyIowaBenton County Cass County Franklin County Fremont County Greene County Ida County Iowa City Iowa City, Johnson County Jefferson County Marion County Monona County Montgomery County Pottawattamie County Sioux CountyIllinoisChicago Cook CountyKansasButler County Harvey County Sedgwick County Shawnee County Story CountyLouisianaNew OrleansMassachusettsAmherst Boston Cambridge Lawrence Northhampton SomervilleMarylandBaltimore Montgomery County Prince George s CountyMinnesotaHennepin CountyNebraskaHall County Sarpy CountyNew JerseyMiddlesex County Newark Ocean County Union CountyNew MexicoBenalillo New Mexico County Jails San MiguelNevadaClark County Washoe CountyNew YorkFranklin County Ithaca Nassau County New York City Omondaga County St. Lawrence County Wayne CountyOregonBaker County Clackamas County Clatsop County Coos County Crook County Curry County Deschutes County Douglas County Gilliam County Grant County Hood River County Jackson County Jefferson County Josephine County Lane Countyn Lincoln County Linn County Malheur County Marion County Marlon County Multnomah County Polk County Sherman County Springfield Tillamok County Umatilla County Union County Wallowa County Wasco County Washington County Wheeler County Yamhill CountyPennsylvaniaBradford County Bucks County Butler County Chester County Clarion County Delaware County Eerie County Franklin County Lebanon County Lehigh County Lycoming County Montgomery County Montour County Perry County Philadelphia Pike County Westmoreland CountyRhode IslandProvidence, Rhode Island Rhode Island Department of CorrectionsTexasDallas County Travis CountyVirginiaArlington County Chesterfield CountyVermontMonteplier WinooskiWashingtonChelan County Clallam County Clark County Cowlitz County Franklin County Jefferson County King County Kitsap County Pierce County San Juan County Skagit County Snohomish County Spokane County Thurston County Walla Walla County Wallowa County Whatcom County Yakima CountyWisconsinMilwaukee",0
10120,THIS IS THE ALT-LEFT the Fake News Media Refuses to Tell You About [Video],"The media is trying their best to control what you see and how you see it when it comes to the alt-left. We re here to tell you the truth about the violence and who is instigating it. Antifa and Black Lives Matter have been instrumental from the days of Trump s campaign up until now. The video below is a great compilation of who the REAL aggressors are THE TRUTH, SPREAD IT!Here is how liberals demonstrate their political views pic.twitter.com/SWIOT1rdsd  Hector Morenco (@hectormorenco) August 18, 2017Do you remember the 2016 campaign with the violence directed at Trump supporters?A Pro-Trump Supporter Attacked with Eggs:How about the inauguration where Antifa and others were destroying property and assaulting Pro-Trump attendees?Plans Exposed to Shut Down the Inauguration:Remember Berkeley? Destruction and assault again Berkeley Again:Do you see where this is going? It s not the Trump supporters who are at fault here but you d never know it from the news media s propaganda and lies.It s way past time to speak up and stop being passive to this or it will come to your door one day. Tell the truth and just keep telling it!",0
10121,"WATCH: PEGGY HUBBARD Defends Trump…Talks About Being Attacked Because She Defended Confederate Statues: “Antifa and Black Lives Matter showed up with weapons, wanting a fight”","Here s a partial transcript of her rant about the black community blaming whites for racism: If you believe in what you re doing, why hide your face? The KKK came out swinging. They had a permit. They had a right to be there. I am not condoning what the KKK did. I do not condone what they stand for, not at all. But they had the right to be there like everyone else. Antifa and Black Lives Matter showed up with weapons, wanting a fight.  We as black people, we have got to get off the plantation. We have got to stop believing the lies. We as black people, are just as complicit on slavery as the white people. Not alL white people own slaves. Not all black people were slaves. We are refusing to acknowledge that we as black people had a hand in slavery. 3,076 slaves were sold by black people during the civil war period. ",0
10122,VICE MAGAZINE CALLS FOR ISIS-LIKE DESTRUCTION: “Let’s Blow Up Mount Rushmore”,"It is becoming increasingly difficult to separate leftists from Islamic terrorists as both destroy monuments, statues, and seek to eliminate freedoms we enjoy. On a day in which an Islamic terrorist killed over a dozen people in Barcelona, senior editor Wilber Cooper has the audacity to publish an article for VICE Magazine urging the left to destroy Mt. Rushmore just like ISIS would.In his article  Let s Blow Up Mount Rushmore,  Cooper attacks the Founding Fathers and calls for a demolition of the monument. His call to erase historical markers, such as statues, echoes the recent movement from left-wingers for a culture war that would decimate Americans  political traditions and heroes. Those targeted heroes include Thomas Jefferson, former president and chief author of the Bill of Rights   such as the First Amendment   and General and President George Washington, who declined offers to become a dictator after winning the Revolutionary War.Cooper argues that these historical monuments and statues help preserve a system of racial exploitation and inequality, and should be erased to help build a new society. He says,  It s going to be impossible to improve America if we can t be honest about its origins and its past. He insists that  Trump and his white supremacist cohorts believe the reverence some Americans have for these statues is simply respect for history, and that tearing them down is tantamount to ripping pages out of a textbook. But monuments built by the state are not history they are manifestations of power. Upon acknowledging the insensitivity of the article s title given the tragic events which occurred earlier today in Spain, VICE Magazine deleted the original article and wrote an editor s note:  The headline and URL of this story have been updated. We do not condone violence in any shape or form, and the use of  blow up  in the original headline as a rhetorical device was misguided and insensitive. We apologize for the error. They have since changed the title to  Get Rid of Mount Rushmore.  Wow. What an improvement. Leftists continue to contradict their self-proclaimed peace-seeking objectives and prove that they are actually seeking to burn down the United States by getting rid of every trace of this great country s history. And you can bet they are coming for the Constitution next.Read more: Breitbart",0
10123,TWITTER CLAIMS They’re Cracking Down On “Hate Speech”…But Allows “I Hope Trump Is Assassinated” To Trend,"Earlier today, it was revealed that the US Secret Service is investigating a Facebook post from Missouri state Sen. Maria Chappelle-Nadal, in which she stated:  I hope Trump is assassinated!  She deleted her comments after she realized the sh*t-storm she had started by openly calling for the assassination of our president.Shortly after the news broke about the vile comments the Democrat MO state senator made,  I Hope Trump Is Assassinated  began to trend on Twitter, a social-media platform that has been criticized for shutting down conservative and libertarian voices, while allowing leftist hate speech to flourish.Conservative comedian Mark Dice tweeted to Twitter CEO @Jack to ask why he s allowing  I Hope Trump Is Assassinated  to trend on the social media platform.Way to go @Jack. ""I Hope Trump Is Assassinated"" is trending on your company's platform. Do you disavow or endorse? Silence speaks   Mark Dice (@MarkDice) August 17, 2017This Twitter user wants to know how conservative Twitter accounts get banned  left and right  but  I Hope Trump Is Assassinated  is allowed to trend on Twitter:""I Hope Trump Is Assassinated"" Conservative twitter accounts get banned left and right, but this trends. Disgusting liberal animals pic.twitter.com/BXGwtX6BtK  Mike (@Fuctupmind) August 17, 2017As usual, Paul Joseph Watson of Infowars had the best response to the sickening trend:""I hope Trump is assassinated"" is trending on Twitter. But it's the right that has a problem with violence. CNN told me.  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) August 17, 2017Here are just a few examples of tweets from the left wishing our current president would be assassinated:I've never wished misfortune on anyone but with all my fuckin heart I hope trump is assassinated before he runs us into the ground Fuck him  AnalogGirl (@NastyNatt_) January 24, 2017i hope trump is assassinated by a disabled latino muslim lesbian  Mars (@MrMsMars) November 9, 2016I would never wish death upon anybody, but I hope Trump is assassinated.    (@cultagb) November 9, 2016Gay, Jewish conservative and former Breitbart writer, Milo Yiannopoulis woke up to find his Twitter account shut down for what Twitter considered to be  hate speech  for holding liberals accountable for their actions.For anyone who would like to give Twitter the benefit of the doubt, and may believe the people who monitor  hate speech  at Twitter haven t noticed the horrific trend by the left quite yet, check out this tweet by @CURRENTLYANGRY (You don t say?), that s still up on Twitter from December 13, 2015:It's 9:18 AM and I want to kill Donald Trump.  DOOMBLADE (@CURRENTLYANGRY) December 13, 2015",0
10124,DEMOCRAT REP: I Can’t Wait for Trump to “Hang Himself”…”We Should Just Let Him Do That” [Video],"A Tennessee Democrat was LITERALLY SALIVATING TO TELL WHAT HE PLANS TO DO TO DESTROY PRESIDENT TRUMP It s like a feeding frenzy out there Has anyone out there ever seen anything like this? It s disgusting! We think we know why this putz is grandstanding See below This guy is a hater and is just like all of the other Democrats who will lie and cheat to get Trump out of office. But is there something more GRANDSTANDING FOR VOTESWe dug a little deeper and came up with the REAL reason Cohen is blasting President Trump:The 9th is a heavily Democratic, black-majority district, and it was considered very likely that whoever won the Democratic primary would be the district s next congressman.AHA!Democratic representative Steve Cohen said on MSNBC on Thursday that the Democrats cannot wait for President Trump to  hang himself,  and they needed to remove him from office on their own.Yes, we know Cohen is using a metaphor, but his comments are sure to raise some eyebrows.PLEASE SEND A MESSAGE TO STEVE COHEN ON HIS FACEBOOK PAGE: DEMOCRAT STEVE COHEN FACEBOOKCohen announced that he plans on introducing his own articles of impeachment following the president s comments on the Charlottesville domestic terrorist attack.He said he would introduce the measure  as soon as we can. He just can t wait What a jackwagon!He s a member of the  Congressional Progressive Caucus  and is as liberal as they come. He refused to hear Netanyahu speak even though he is of the Jewish faith. He s pro-abortion, anti-gun Yada, Yada, Yada You get the picture.Please pray that someone beats him next time around!",0
10125,ATLANTA JUDGE Punished for Telling the Truth About Radical Antifa Protesters “Tearing Down Monuments”,"And once again, the snowflakes want to erase parts of history they know nothing about. And what s more, they attack and penalize those who try to defend it.This week, an Atlanta judge was suspended upon posting his thoughts about Confederate monuments and so called  anti-fascist  protesters on Facebook. Judge James Hinkle wrote,  It looks like all of the snowflakes have no concept of history. It is what it is. Get over it and move on.  He went on to add,  The nut cases tearing down monuments are equivalent to ISIS destroying history. ISIS AND ANTIFA BELOW- BOTH HATE AMERICA AND DEAL WITH CONFLICT BY USING VIOLENCE AND DESTRUCTION.He noted that, Confederate monuments in Virginia have the rear ends of horses facing north. Following these posts, Hinkle was told by Gwinnett County s chief magistrate that he was suspended. Chief Judge Kristina Blum released the following statement:  I have made it clear to all of our judges to conduct themselves in a manner that promotes public confidence in the integrity, impartiality, and fairness of the judiciary. I consider any violation of those principles and policies to be a matter of utmost concern. Hinkle, who also served as the mayor of Grayson for over twenty years, previously made his views well known on social media when he posted he was  proud to be a deplorable infidel.  While many have been calling for his permanent removal, Hinkle has stated that he did not see what he did wrong. But you know,  he went on to say,  with the way things are going in the world today, I guess everything s controversial. JUDGE HINKLE RESIGNED AFTER TELLING THE TRUTH AND BEING PUNISHED FOR IT. WE DON T BLAME HIM Read more: Daily Caller",0
10126,ANTI-TRUMP VANDALS Hit Dr. Ben Carson’s House…Paint “F*ck Trump” on House [Video],"Dr. Ben Carson was interviewed by a local TV station and relayed a story of grace after his home was vandalized. He also discussed the events in Charlottesville and the removal of Confederate statues. The secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development said he believes dialogue can help overcome hate and bigotry.Carson said his home was vandalized earlier this summer while he was away: We were out of town and our house was toilet papered,  Carson told News4 s Meagan Fitzgerald.  They had painted  F Trump  on it as well.  He said neighbors cleaned up the mess, and he responded with grace.  That really is the message that I try to get out to people. You can t necessarily control the animosity and the hatred of someone else, but you can control how you react,  he said.When asked about Charlottesville he said education is key ",0
10127,MO DEMOCRAT LAWMAKER Under Investigation By Secret Service For Saying: “I Hope Trump Is Assassinated” On Facebook…But Response By Man Who Claims Cousin Is On Trump’s Secret Service Detail Could Be More Serious Threat,"The U.S. Secret Service is investigating a Facebook post from Missouri state Sen. Maria Chappelle-Nadal, D-University City, in which she stated:  I hope Trump is assassinated! A conversation between MO state Senator Maria Chappelle-Nadal and Christopher Gagn  of Ferguson, MO, (In his Facebook profile he claims he s an  Investigative Journalist focused on Social Justice, Police Misconduct and Prison Reform ) was screen shot and saved before either party had a chance to delete it. The conversation included the senator openly hoping that President Trump would be assassinated and Facebook user Christophe Gagne, who told her that his cousin is on President Trump s  Secret Service Detail . Gagn s comments seem to infer that his cousin is being forced to protect President Trump because he had to sign up for 6 years of service and has already served 4 years of his contract protecting Barack Obama. Gagn  went on to say,   I truly believe [it] will happen sooner not later.  while referring to the assassination of our president.For obvious reasons, everyone seems to be focused on what the MO state Senator said when she openly hoped for Trump s assassination, but shouldn t the Secret Service be making a call to Christopher Gagn  who claims to have a cousin assigned to protecting the life of our president and claiming that he will be assassinated sooner than later? Does Gagn have some sort of an inside scoop? For all we know, Gagn  may not even be telling the truth about having a cousin on President Trump s Secret Service detail, but sure seems it would certainly be worth the time it would take for the Secret Service to look into it.  St. Louis Post-Dispatch: Chappelle-Nadal s comment, referring to President Donald Trump, has since been removed. But Chappelle-Nadal confirmed to the Post-Dispatch that she had written it in response to another commenter before deleting it. I didn t mean what I put up. Absolutely not. I was very frustrated,  Chappelle-Nadal told the newspaper.  Things have got to change. The U.S. Secret Service s St. Louis field office  is looking into this,  the office confirmed.Kristina Schmidt, special agent in charge, told the Post-Dispatch that  hypothetically  in such investigations, agents try to  determine intent, to determine if there was a violation of federal law. If there is, then we refer it to the U.S. Attorney. Our primary goal is to determine if there is intent and meaning behind it,  Schmidt said.According to a screenshot of the now-deleted conversation obtained by the Post-Dispatch, another commenter named Christopher Gagn  was writing about a cousin of his who he said was on Trump s Secret Service detail. But, what I posted earlier, I truly believe will happen, sooner   not later,  he wrote. ",0
10128,THROWING GAS ON RACIAL FIRE? VA Police Confirm….Governor Terry McAuliffe LIED About Weapons Being Hid Around Charlottesville By White Nationalists,"Will the mainstream media report about this?Contradicting statements by Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, the Virginia State Police say they did not find caches of weapons stashed around Charlottesville in advance of last Saturday s deadly white nationalist rally.In an interview Monday on the Pod Save the People podcast, hosted by Black Lives Matter activist DeRay Mckesson, McAuliffe claimed the white nationalists who streamed into Charlottesville that weekend hid weapons throughout the town. They had battering rams and we had picked up different weapons that they had stashed around the city,  McAuliffe told Mckesson.McAuliffe s comments were picked up by other news outlets and spread through social media. But Corinne Geller, a spokesperson for the Virginia State Police, says that no such stashes were found. The governor was referring to the briefing provided him in advance of Saturday s rally and the extra security measures being taken by local and state police,  Geller tells Reason.  As a safety precaution in advance of August 12, such searches were conducted in and around Emancipation and McIntire Parks. No weapons were located as a result of those searches. The Virginia State Police also disputed McAuliffe s claims that Virginia State Police were underequipped to deal with the heavily armed militia members at Saturday s rally. The governor was referencing the weapons and tactical gear the members of various groups attending the rally had on their persons,  Geller says.  I can assure you that the Virginia State Police personnel were equipped with more-than-adequate specialized tactical and protective gear for the purpose of fulfilling their duties to serve and protect those in attendance of the August 12 event in Charlottesville. McAuliffe claimed in an interview with The New York Times that law enforcement arrived to find a line of militia members who  had better equipment than our State Police had.  In longer comments that were later edited out of the Times  story, McAuliffe said that up to 80 percent of the rally attendees were carrying semi-automatic weapons.  You saw the militia walking down the street, you would have thought they were an army,  he said.  Reason ",0
10129,"PRO-REPARATIONS CNN “ANALYST”: Washington, Jefferson Statues “Need to Come Down” [Video]","CNN tries to pass off radical Angela Rye as a sane analyst but we know her history and believe her to be very far left. She just made that statement that statues and monuments to two of America s most prominent Founding Fathers, George Washington and Thomas Jefferson,  need to come down. CNN host Kate Bolduan asked Rye if the country s ongoing discussion about race and white supremacy, spurred by the violence in Charlottesville Va. last weekend, is really about Confederate statues and monuments.Rye, a former executive director of the Congressional Black Caucus, said the problem is people are taught American history incorrectly, because they are only told about the  glories  of the country s past, not darker issues like racism.She added that because George Washington and other great American historical figures owned slaves, they deserved to be called out and recognized not for their accomplishments, but for their title of  slave owner. George Washington was a slave owner, and we need to call slave owners out for what they are, whether we think they were protecting American freedom or not,  Rye said.  He wasn t protecting my freedom. My ancestors weren t deemed human beings to him. So to me, I don t care if it s a George Washington statue or a Thomas Jefferson statue or a Robert E. Lee statue. They all need to come down,  Rye said. Read more: WFBWHAT YOU MIGHT NOT KNOW ABOUT ANGELA RYE: There is Nothing Un-American About Reparations    Angela RyeAngela Rye, former executive director of the Congressional Black Caucus, is one angry woman! She spews racist talking points like crazy without much rebuke from Carl Higbie. Rye makes a claim that Trump achieved his success off of the backs of  poor people : The very people who you re talking about who you think are looking for free gifts and handouts are people who have been disenfranchised since they got off the slave ship in this country.    Angela RyeCNN NEEDS TO DITCH THIS ANGRY WOMAN FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN MAKE VALID POINTS:",0
10130,THIS AWESOME WOMAN JUST DESTROYED The Media on Their Lies About Charlottesville Narrative [Video],"WE LOVE THIS LADY! She gets what s really happening. She calls out the media and the left on hijacking the narrative on Charlottesville:  I Don t Care About Charlottesville, the KKK, or White Supremacy White supremacy and the KKK. Really? That s what you guys want me to be concerned about this week? I mean there are around 6,000 klansmen left in our nation. You want me to seriously process that every day when I wake up?  Why did we not hear a single thing about David Duke, white supremacy and the KKK the entire time Obama was in office? Do you think they were all hiding underground waiting for the next white president? Meeting by the light of the moon? Do you really actually mean they weren t still meeting, holding protests and having rallies? Maybe the media wasn t covering it. Use your brain. I mean the media is actually fabricating a reality tonight  Honestly everybody involved in this fake racial war is a loser.",0
10131,"3 FAILED GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES Join Soros Funded Antifa, Mainstream Media To Twist Meaning of President Trump’s Words","As James Bond s nemesis Auric Goldfinger famously observed,  Once is happenstance, twice is coincidence. The third time is enemy action.  On Tuesday evening, three prominent Republicans   Senator John McCain, Senator Marco Rubio, and 2012 presidential candidate Mitt Romney   endorsed the left-wing media s preferred narrative and embraced the masked thugs of Antifa as heroes.No, not the same. One side is racist, bigoted, Nazi. The other opposes racism and bigotry. Morally different universes.  Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) August 16, 2017Twitter users hit back at Romney, who likely has no idea who Antifa really is and the danger the violent, anti free-speech, Soros-funded poses to Americans:The fact that you view Antifa as moral and acceptable is beyond disgusting. No wonder you lost resoundingly in your presidential run.  Alex   (@SoCal4Trump) August 16, 2017McCain and Romney used almost identical language, bending their knees to the media narrative that only two factions were present in Charlottesville during the awful events of last weekend: white supremacist Nazis and  Americans standing up to defy hate and bigotry. There's no moral equivalency between racists & Americans standing up to defy hate& bigotry. The President of the United States should say so  John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) August 16, 2017Senator John McCain got hammered by this Twitter user for not recognizing the violence Antifa has inflicted on innocent Trump supporters as a way to shut down free speech. This collage of photos is a not-so-subtle reminder:Here John, u uninformed piece of shit, are the faces of innocent peaceful rally attendees assaulted by Antifa. Antifa went looking for a war pic.twitter.com/K8fqKkAnH7  TexasStrong.357 (@SonofLiberty357) August 16, 2017As James Bond s nemesis Auric Goldfinger famously observed,  Once is happenstance, twice is coincidence. The third time is enemy action.  On Tuesday evening, three prominent Republicans   Senator John McCain, Senator Marco Rubio, and 2012 presidential candidate Mitt Romney   endorsed the left-wing media s preferred narrative and embraced the masked thugs of Antifa as heroes.McCain and Romney used almost identical language, bending their knees to the media narrative that only two factions were present in Charlottesville during the awful events of last weekend: white supremacist Nazis and  Americans standing up to defy hate and bigotry. Senator Rubio, who just can t seem to get over his loss to President Trump, took to Twitter to defend the violent Antifa group and condemn President Trump for including them in his condemnation of the violence that took place in Charlottesville:The organizers of events which inspired & led to #charlottesvilleterroristattack are 100% to blame for a number of reasons. 1/6  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 15, 2017They are adherents of an evil ideology which argues certain people are inferior because of race, ethnicity or nation of origin. 2/6  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 15, 2017When entire movement built on anger & hatred towards people different than you,it justifies & ultimately leads to violence against them 3/6  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 15, 2017So, is Marco Rubio condoning the type of violence by Antifa that Trump supporters are met with on a regular basis simply for daring to utter a viewpoint that is in opposition to the #AltLeft?Most people disagree with you, Marco. These people absolutely deserve blame for their violence. ANY violence & hate is contemptible pic.twitter.com/fqtomLASmK  Steph (@steph93065) August 16, 2017Senator Rubio probably doesn t visit the Antifa website, but if he did, he might have seen this special credit card sized knife that Antifa was selling on their website for their members to use at Trump rallies to stab people they disagree with:These groups today use SAME symbols & same arguments of #Nazi & #KKK, groups responsible for some of worst crimes against humanity ever 4/6  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 15, 2017Mr. President,you can't allow #WhiteSupremacists to share only part of blame.They support idea which cost nation & world so much pain 5/6  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 15, 2017Republican Rep Steven Smith shared a video with Senator Rubio, who apparently needs visual aids to see why President Trump was unwilling to call the violence in Charlottesville  one-sided :Have you seen the video? No police protection, two violent groups. Clearly two, with one blocking the road. How is it one-sided? pic.twitter.com/0W5CYqPT6M  Rep. Steven Smith (@RepStevenSmith) August 16, 2017The #WhiteSupremacy groups will see being assigned only 50% of blame as a win.We can not allow this old evil to be resurrected 6/6  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 15, 2017Rubio s third tweet explicitly endorses violent responses to hate speech, but the last one is the money shot, as Rubio embraces the essence of Whataboutism and agrees with the media that left-wing thuggery is a fact on the Charlottesville ground that must be ignored if we are to properly condemn white nationalism.McCain and Romney are politically irrelevant, but Rubio still has political ambitions. Imagine the priceless look of surprise on his face when he gets branded a Nazi because he favors pro-growth tax cuts, free-market reforms, or balks at allowing illegal aliens to vote. He ll be so astounded at the way  hate speech  is expanded to cover his policy positions, and how the next wave of Antifa thugs justifies a violent response.   Breitbart News ",0
10132,OOPS! NY GOV CUOMO Announces Statues of Confederate Generals “Will Be Removed Because NY Stands Against Racism”…IGNORES STATE Was Named After OWNER of African Slave Trading Company,"Really Andrew? Does all of New York really stand against racism? Isn t  Al Sharpton, one of the greatest race agitators of all time, a resident of New York? Wasn t he one of Barack Obama s generals in the race war he spent eight years orchestrating from our White House? Wasn t Al Sharpton behind the massive march in New York City where organizers held bull horns calling for the death of police officers? Where was your selective outrage when Al Sharpton was one of the most frequent visitors to our White House?Who could forget the infamous  Beer Summit,  where former President Barack Obama hosted Prof Henry Gates, a prominent black scholar, and Sgt James Crowley, a white police sergeant, for beers in the White House Rose Garden, that was actually a photo-op for Obama where he pretended to be working towards the goal of defusing racial tension in America.And now, as though the last 8 years of race agitating from the highest office in the land never happened, Governor Andrew Cuomo s joining the leftist mob in an attempt to erase American history, foolishly believing that if Democrats are seen as the party removing confederate statues, perhaps Americans will forget that the Democrat Party was in fact, the party who fought so hard to keep slavery alive in America.Here s the ridiculous tweet from Governor Andrew Cuomo:Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson will be removed from the CUNY hall of great Americans because New York stands against racism.  Andrew Cuomo (@NYGovCuomo) August 17, 2017Sean Davis, co-founder of The Federalist quickly schooled the leftist governor on the history behind the naming of the state of New York:New York is named after the head of a British slave-trading monopoly. https://t.co/edp3ZzYWyr  Sean Davis (@seanmdav) August 17, 2017The Duke of York was the main shareholder in and the director of the Company of Royal Adventurers Trading in Africa; established at the time of the restoration of the English monarchy in 1660. The shareholders in this Company were a combination of the Stuart Royal family along with a number of wealthy London merchants. The Company established London s monopoly of the English slave trade. It created slave ports on the West coast of Africa where British-produced goods were exchanged for Africans who were then transported as slaves to colonies in the Caribbean and the Americas.In 1664, the Duke of York, as Admiral of the Navy, annexed the Dutch colony of New Amsterdam (it was then renamed New York in his honour). When the Duke took over New York one of the first actions of the new authority was to grant the colony port privileges and the right to use warehouses to ships engaged in the slave trade (1) ~ i.e. ships owned by the Company of Royal Adventurers Trading in Africa in which the Duke was the largest shareholder.Previously, under the Dutch West India Company, the African slaves of New Amsterdam had lived in what was known as  half-freedom ; that is to say under the Dutch they had some rights and some, limited, independence. However, once under Stuart, British rule they became chattel slaves (i.e perceived as personal property of the slave owners in a way that was different from previous slave-systems. It was slavery used as labour under an emerging and consolidating capitalism). Though it is worth noting that these urban slaves of New York never accepted the complete servitude endured by their rural counterparts.President Trump took to Twitter this morning to denounce decisions being made by leftists in positions of authority to erase the history of our great nation:Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 17, 2017 can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson   who's next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 17, 2017 the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 17, 2017",0
10133,BRAINIAC PROTESTERS VANDALIZE…Attempt to Take Down ‘Peace’ Monument,"This is what mob rule does It s lawless idiots who decided to vandalize and tear down a  Peace  Monument in Atlanta. Has it come to this? Where does this end?THE PARAGRAPH BELOW FROM THE AJC IS THE MOST DISTURBING:A protester was hurt by metal falling from the edifice as the group tried to tear it down, AJC photographer John Spink reported Sunday night. Tensions rose as the lone policeman on the scene was surrounded by black-clad Antifa protesters shouting  pig.  Black Lives Matter protesters put themselves between the police officer and the Antifa crowd, and the gathering soon dispersed.Protesters vandalized and attempted to take down the Peace Monument in Piedmont Park in Atlanta on Sunday, mistaking it for a pro-Confederate statue. The protesters were marching in response to the violent protests in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday where one woman died after being deliberately hit by a car, and two law enforcement personnel were killed when the helicopter they were in crashed. The Atlanta march traveled from Woodruff Park to Piedmont Park Sunday, where some damaged the Peace Monument, erected in 1911,  a blog on the Atlanta Journal-Constitution website said.  The sculpture features an angel standing above a Confederate soldier, guiding him to lay down his weapon. But the memorial attacked by protesters   some dressed in black and wearing masks   was erected to encourage healing and reconciliation. ATLANTA HISTORY BUFF FILLS US IN:  These guys realized a national healing needed to take place,  said Kennedy, a history buff who keeps the three-volume set  The Chronicles of the Old Guard  on his bookshelf.  They organized a peace tour of the North, which is really remarkable. These were guys who fought in the Civil War, against Union troops. They would go meet with Union soldiers and began to repair those fissures the war created. It speaks to what we call the Atlanta spirit. Read more: Breitbart",0
10134,ICELAND PROUDLY CLAIMS TO HAVE “ERADICATED” Down Syndrome…In Most Gruesome Way Imaginable,"Mainstream news channels rarely draw attention to the negative side of abortion, but CBS News did so this week with a report about Iceland s near 100-percent abortion rate for babies with Down syndrome.  few countries have come as close to eradicating Down syndrome births as Iceland,  the report begins.  Since prenatal screening tests were introduced in Iceland in the early 2000s, the vast majority of women   close to 100 percent   who received a positive test for Down syndrome terminated their pregnancy. Just a handful of children with Down syndrome have been born in Iceland in the past decade. Two are born each year, on average, but the rest are killed in the womb. For most of the children who were born, their mothers decided not to have prenatal screening tests.This deadly discrimination against babies with disabilities is a problem in countries across the world, not just Iceland. In 2014, the Danish government reported 98 percent of unborn babies who tested positive for Down syndrome were aborted. CBS reports the rate in France was 77 percent in 2015, 90 percent in the United Kingdom and 67 percent in the U.S. between 1995 and 2011. Some put the rate even higher in the United States, but it is difficult to determine the exact number because the U.S. government does not keep detailed statistics about abortion.In many of these countries, late-term abortions are legal in cases of fetal anomalies, such as Down syndrome. The UK, for example, prohibits abortions after 24 weeks but allows wide exceptions for late-term abortions involving fetal anomalies.Iceland hospital counselor Helga Sol Olafsdottir does not see any problem with the fact that so many women are having their unborn babies aborted because of Down syndrome. This systematic discrimination is simply a  woman s choice  in her mind.The issue is not gray. It s very clearly wrong, says Penny Nace, president and CEO of Concerned Women for America. This is eugenics and barbarianism at best,  Nace said.  These individuals have no less worth than anyone else. Iceland and many other countries are killing human beings in abortions simply because they have a disability. Down syndrome varies in severity, but most people with the genetic disorder live into their 60s. Some even live on their own, hold down jobs, go to college and get married.For entire story   Life News",0
10135,BALTIMORE PURGES CONFEDERATE STATUES In Dark Of Night…MAYOR Explains: “I did not want to endanger people in my own city”,"In a city whose former Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, told police officers to  stand down  in the middle of a full-blown riot started by Black Lives Matter activists, Baltimore s new mayor Catherine Pugh, has now ordered the city to be whitewashed of any history that pertains to the Civil War era.In a stealth purging of history, the city of Baltimore removed four Confederate statues from city property under cover of night early Tuesday morning.City crews began the destruction of the monuments just before midnight and finished by 5:30 a.m., the Hill reported.The city council quietly approved the removal late on Monday in a unanimous vote. It s done,  Baltimore Mayor Catherine Pugh told the Baltimore Sun.  They needed to come down. My concern is for the safety and security of our people. We moved as quickly as we could. I did not want to endanger people in my own city,  the African American mayor said.  I had begun discussions with contractors and so forth about how long it would take to remove them. I am a responsible person, so we moved as quickly as we could.    Breitbart NewsBaltimore Sun: Pugh declined to say how much it cost to remove the statues, or where they had been taken. She said the city would provide cost details soon, but planned to keep the location of the statues secret to avoid conflict.The monuments were loaded onto flatbed trucks and hauled away before sunrise Wednesday, bringing an abrupt end to more than two years of indecision across two mayoral administrations.The four monuments   the Lee-Jackson Monument, a monument to Chief Justice Roger B. Taney at Mount Vernon Place, the Confederate Soldiers and Sailors Monument on Mount Royal Avenue and the Confederate Women s Monument on West University Parkway ",0
10136,THE PURGE: NYC Mayor De Blasio to Review ‘All Symbols of Hate” on City Property,"THE PURGE CONTINUES THE NYC MAYOR has just opened a can of worms so big that it ll be hard to control it. He wants to review  all symbols of hate  on city property then leave it to his panel of  experts  to decide what stays and what goes. This should be interesting. Isn t this subjective? Someone might think one thing is a symbol of hate but not another. Where does this purging end?Mayor de Blasio said late Wednesday that the city will conduct a 90-day review of  all symbols of hate on city property  in the wake of violence sparked by white supremacist groups in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend.A 32-year-old woman was killed and more than a dozen people were injured when a vehicle slammed into a group of counter-protesters on Saturday, and two state troopers died when the helicopter from which they were monitoring events suddenly crashed.Opposition to the removal of a statue of Confederate Army general Robert E. Lee was at the heart of rallies by white nationalists and KKK members in Charlottesville this year.New York City officials said they re putting together a panel of  relevant experts and community leaders  who will define the criteria and make recommendations for which items to remove.EXPERTS? WHO SAYS?MEANWHILE IN THE EAST VILLAGEThe South is rising   in the East Village.Residents are seeing red over a pair of Confederate flags hanging in the window of an East 8th Street apartment building, following the deadly white power rally in Virginia this week.The flags have been hanging in the fifth-floor window of the building near the corner of Avenue D for months, but anger is boiling over in the aftermath of the weekend s carnage   with neighbors pelting rocks and bricks at the window Wednesday morning. They re scary, we don t know who we are dealing with in the neighborhood. I feel uncomfortable because that represents evil. I see the protests in the news and I come home and see this,  said local Louise Abddhal, 56, as a chorus of others yelled at the window.Residents had turned a blind eye to the offensive banners in the past, but started getting mad after Saturday s rally in Charlottesville, where a neo-Nazi fatally mowed down counter-protester Heather Hayer. It s been there forever and no one said anything. Now it s going crazy. Virginia is bringing more light and attention too,  said longtime resident Janet Brown. .The Dixie-head has changed the flags around several times   there was a  neo-Nazi  one for awhile, according to Brown   and he now has two Israeli flags and an American flag between the Confederate ones.But the baffling collection is just making residents angrier. He is a Jew with a Confederate flag! Are you kidding me?  said one neighbor, who wouldn t give his name. Confederate flags in the window, bro! That is a bunch of racists. Right here in the avenue, bro! In the hood! This sh-t is real. He is looking to start a f ing riot. The building s property manager said he s aware of the flags and is trying to get the resident to take them down.Footage of a man throwing rocks and screaming expletives at the windows on Wednesday morning shows police arriving and telling him to stop   but witnesses say cops didn t make any arrests.Via: NYP",0
10137,“I DID THE RIGHT THING” Pro-North Korea Communist Helped Pull Down Confederate Statue…NOTE: It’s NOT About the Statues!,"A member of the Worker s World Party pulled down the statue in Durham, NC. It s really not about the statues It s a culture war and a leftist revolution. In other words, this is serious business to the organized communist groups who became emboldened during Obama s 8 years in office. TheY don t want the  progress  to stop. The  progress  is destroying capitalism and making America more socialist and communist leaning. Don t believe us? Check out the WWP and you ll see it s another name for the communist party in America: Worker s World PartyMISSION: DESTROY AMERICAOne of the activists who toppled a Confederate statue in Durham, N.C., on Monday night is a member of an extreme leftist group that supports the totalitarian regime in North Korea and wants to abolish capitalism. COPS & KLAN GO HAND IN HAND Taqiyah Thompson, a student at North Carolina Central University, was arrested Tuesday following a press conference in which she defended the actions of the demonstrators and equated police officers to Confederate soldiers and Ku Klux Klan members. I did the right thing,  she said.  Everyone who was there   the people did the right thing. The people will continue to keep making the right choices until every Confederate statue is gone, until white supremacy is gone. That statue is where it belongs. It needs to be in the garbage. Thompson is a member of the Worker s World Party (WWP), a revolutionary Marxist-Leninist group originally formed in 1959 as a hard-line offshoot of the more moderate Socialist Workers Party. In addition to supporting a wide range of far-left causes, the group also defends the North Korean regime of dictator Kim Jong-Un against alleged U.S. imperialism.Read more: Daily Caller",0
10138,CNN’S VAN JONES FAKE CRYING Over Trump Blaming ‘Both Sides’ for Charlottesville Violence [Video],"Mark Dice nails it! Van Jones on CNN cries over President Trump blaming both sides, and Anderson Cooper, Don Lemon and others looked like they were holding back tears. The liberal media freakout hasn t been this bad since Hillary lost the election.Van Jones takes his orders from Obama and ValJar He s a student of Alinsky and plays like he really cares about the black community. He s dangerous. He wants a revolution in America so bad he ll fake cry on TV to get it. What is it with the Democrats? A bunch of babies! First, we had Obama fake crying and then Schumer!",0
10139,“ALT-LEFT” PROFESSOR Makes Outrageous Claim: Flag-Burning Antifa ‘Preserving Fabric of America’ [Video],"Political grandstanding has become a blood sport It s obvious that the CNN anchor set up the question so Dyson s answer could be to  slaughter  our president with his words shameful! Professor Dyson and Mitt Romney (who supports Antifa) are CLUELESS!Dyson:  This man is lethally ignorant, incapable of even having a kindergartner s comprehension of race. For those who say look, the confederacy is about history and heritage, it is. The history and heritage of racism! The history and heritage of bigotry. Building their sense of biological and in many cases theological and national identity upon a lie, a mythology of white supremacy. The belief that some people are inherently superior and some people are inherently inferior.For the president then to defend the actions against taking down Robert E. Lee, or Stonewall Jackson   remember, these people hated America enough to want the secede from it. The people that we claim, black lives matter, the antifa movement and so on, are interested in preserving the fabric of America. Mr. Miller says again, that there was violence there, but the problem is to equate that violence in reaction to the bigotry, with the bigotry itself is to misunderstand the fact that when you go to cancer treatment, the radiation is tough treatment, but it is meant to remove the cancer.So what he fails to understand and what the president especially fails to understand is that you are complicit with the worst currents of bigotry in this country when you try to draw a false equivalence between secessionists, racists and confederate defenders and bigots and Neo-Nazis and African-American and white people and others who have defended the rights of this nation to really seek a path of healing beyond the consternation we see now. That s the problem with this president, he ain t got the right moral vision, he doesn t have the right words to express that moral vision and he lacks an understanding of American history. This is the most illiterate, incompetent president in the history of this nation and it shows and it tells on him in the midst of this racial crisis where he is incapable of showing basic decent compassion for those who are vulnerable and who are victims of white supremacy in this country. DOES HE REALLY BELIEVE THE BULL SH*T HE SPEWS? IT S LIKE ONE BIG BOWL OF WORD SALAD HERE S ANTIFA IN ACTION:",0
10140,COLLEGE HOLDS EARLY SEGREGATED ORIENTATION To Help ONLY Minority Students With Financial Aid and Schedules,"THIS IS EXPECTED FROM THIS LEFTY COLLEGE Will it trickle out to other colleges? Participants were able to move in before most other students.  Privilege much? Victimhood translates to doing exactly what the  so called  victims fought against .Go figureThe University of California, Berkeley invited certain  special populations  of new students to move in a day early to attend racially-exclusive orientation sessions.According to a guide to the new  Golden Bear Orientation  program, the school offered a special programming on Monday for a variety of populations, including Hispanic students, black students, Native American students, and Asian American/Pacific Islander students. We want all our students to make it to orientation and to have an accessible and equitable experience.  Tweet This Most other students,  meanwhile, spent the day moving into their residence halls and preparing for the main freshman orientation program, which runs from August 15-22.The  Black Student Orientation  aimed to address  the specific transitional and community needs of African American/Black students  at the university with  community building activities, academic and campus life workshops, and a resource fair. As part of the  Black Student Orientation,  students participated in a  Black World Tour  in which they were taken around the surrounding area for a showcase of  black owned businesses. [RELATED: Black Harvard grads to hold separate commencement ceremony]Similarly, a  Familia Orientation  was offered for  Chicanx and Latinx  students on August 13, while an  Asian American Pacific Islander Student Orientation  was reserved for responding to the  specific transitional and community needs of Asian American, Pilipinx , and Pacific Islander students. A final  special population  orientation was provided for  native students  enrolled at the elite institution, who were encouraged to show up early to  map locations of your classes, get to know campus, meet continuing Cal Native students and other new Native students, and have a little fun before classes start. In fact, the Native American Student Development Office touts on its website that  another bonus  of attending the exclusive orientation was being  eligible for early move-in,  a benefit that the African American Student Development Center similarly advertises on its website, noting that participants were able to move in before  most other students. Read more: Campus Reform",0
10141,FOX NEWS LEGAL ANALYST: Comey’s Big Lie Exposed After Recent Discovery of Clinton/Lynch Tarmac Meeting Documents,"Comey lied and has been caught in his lie What next? FOIA request him again. He said there were no tarmac documents but now it turns out there were. Hundreds of documents were just recently turned over Oops! It s also absurd that there were never, as James Comey said, any documents. He signed a letter saying under penalty of perjury there are no documents relating to the tarmac meeting. Now we know that there are hundreds of them. So there are three possibilities here. Either Comey lied or he didn t understand the request  Either they ve lost the documents and they ve suddenly been found or they lied when they said there were no documents. Or they didn t understand the request but the request by the way is standard boiler plate that every lawyer is familiar with.    Fox Legal Analyst Greg Jarrett",0
10142,#CHARLOTTESVILLE’S Vice-Mayor Disrespects Trump…Here’s Why He Refuses to Call Him President Trump [Video],"How in the world did this racist thug get elected? He s disgusting! He kept calling POTUS  45  then Chris Cuomo asked why he was doing that His answer is idiotic and disrespectful:  That s just what I call him. I believe that when he begins to act as if he deserves to be in that office, and leads in terms of unifying people, then he will deserve the name of President Trump. But at this point, I believe that he has not done the things in regards to bringing this country together. CHRIS CUOMO: Do you believe the president helped with what he said yesterday?WES BELLAMY: I believe that 45 did make some strides in regards to specifically condemning the white supremacists and the KKK . . . I would love to move away from the remarks and comments of 45 and focus more on what s going on here on the ground in Charlottesville . . . So again, I m not as concerned with what 45 is doing, I m more concerned with us progressing as a community.CHRIS CUOMO: Wes, quick question. Why do you refer to the president as 45? Yes, he is the 45th president, but is that intentional, or is that just a quick term.BELLAMY: Well, that s just what I call him. I believe that when he begins to act as if he deserves to be in that office, and leads in terms of unifying people, then he will deserve the name of President Trump. But at this point, I believe that he has not done the things in regards to bringing this country together, he has not done the things in regards to making us a more unified place. Nor has he decided to condemn the individuals in a rapid pace, or as he should, or speak out in the way we believe he should. But again, I m not here to talk about 45.BELLAMY IS A KNOWN RACIST BUT CBS IS COMPLICIT WITH THEIR DESIRE TO CENSOR BELLAMY S RACIST TWEETS: CBS reporter Jan Crawford interviewed BELLAMY in her April 13 Evening News segment about the Robert E. Lee statue at the center of Charlottesville  controversy. Crawford downplayed the racist comments and made no mention of Bellamy s punishment for the disgusting tweets he sent (see below) His past tweets suggest that he was part of the race problem. But CBS purposefully minimized his history, shifting the blame onto the vice mayor s opponents.  Supporters of the statue unearth crude tweets written by Bellamy as a younger man,  Crawford noted,  and he also was targeted with death threats, but Bellamy feels his fight is justified. Just what kinds of  crude  things did Bellamy say? There were racist tweets, such as his comment in 2009:  I DON T LIK WHIT PEOPLE SO I HATE WHITE SNOW!!!!! FML!!!!  And his 2010 tweet:  I really #hate how almost 80% of the black people here talk white. There were inappropriate and crude tweets. The same year, he tweeted:  ALRIGHT. My phone goin ham. Lol. THERE IS A DIFF BETWEEN ASS& EATIN PUSSY!!! I repeat THERE IS A DIFF BETWEEN ASS& EATIN PUSSY! There were also sexist posts.  I m all for equal opportunity..but a Female Principal with a school full of female teachers is fkn a sure fire way to fk our lil boys up smh,  he tweeted in October 2011.THIS IS THE BEHIND-THE-SCENES INFO OF THE FIGHT BETWEEN BELLAMY AND KESSLER (ORGANIZER OF THE MARCH TO PROTEST THE REMOVAL OF THE STATUE):",0
10143,TRUMP CHALLENGES FAKE MEDIA: “Are we going to take down Statues of George Washington?” [Video],"You have to give it to President Trump who went after the fake news media in a big way today. He challenged them to answer if it s ok to take down statues of George Washington Where does this end?.@POTUS: George Washington was a slave owner Are we going to take down statues of George Washington? pic.twitter.com/NpNNqlQBIV  Fox News (@FoxNews) August 15, 2017  Where does it stop? ANOTHER PART OF HIS STATEMENT: President Donald Trump ripped the media today and it was great to see. He said he didn t want to comment on the events over the weekend in Charlottesville, Va., until he knew the all of the facts. He said,  you still don t know all of the facts Well done Mr. President!Trump spoke in Trump Tower today trying to discuss the infrastructure plan for America. Questions from reporters were instead about Charlottesville and his reaction to the violence there. The press kept asking why he didn t respond to the events faster POTUS:  It takes a little while to get the facts. You still don t know the facts, and it s a very, very important process to me. THE BEST PART -He pulled out the statement from Saturday:To clarify what he said on Saturday, Trump pulled out his remarks from that night and read them over for the press. He said, Before I make a statement, I need the facts. So I don t want to rush into a statement, so making the statement when I made it was excellent. TRUMP TAKES A SWIPE AT THE MEDIA   CLASSIC! There was no way of making a correct statement that early. I had to see the facts unlike a lot of reporters. Frankly, people still don t know all of the facts. He hit back at the salivating press with such great force GREAT JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP!",0
10144,TRUMP COMES BACK ROARING: Calls Out “Alt-Left” and “Fake News” [Video],"President Donald Trump ripped the media today and it was great to see. He said he didn t want to comment on the events over the weekend in Charlottesville, Va., until he knew the all of the facts. He said,  you still don t know all of the facts Well done Mr. President!Trump spoke in Trump Tower today trying to discuss the infrastructure plan for America. Questions from reporters were instead about Charlottesville and his reaction to the violence there. The press kept asking why he didn t respond to the events faster POTUS:  It takes a little while to get the facts. You still don t know the facts, and it s a very, very important process to me. THE BEST PART -He pulled out the statement from Saturday:To clarify what he said on Saturday, Trump pulled out his remarks from that night and read them over for the press. He said, Before I make a statement, I need the facts. So I don t want to rush into a statement, so making the statement when I made it was excellent. TRUMP TAKES A SWIPE AT THE MEDIA   CLASSIC! There was no way of making a correct statement that early. I had to see the facts unlike a lot of reporters. Frankly, people still don t know all of the facts. He hit back at the salivating press with such great force GREAT JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP!",0
10145,MUSLIM GROUP Makes Demand That Every Confederate Statue Be Banned and Removed,"THE MUSLIM ACTIVIST GROUP CAIR is REALLY stepping over the line with their latest effort to change America. They ve made a  template (see below)for how we can ditch our history I kid you not! All we can say is H*LL NO! They ve steamrolled over so many local governments that this shouldn t surprise anyone. CAIR is linked to terrorists and is doing their best to infiltrate all that is America to change it. Removing Confederate statues is just CAIR trying to score political points with the left. How dare they demand anything of us This terrorist group should be named and shamed.The Daily Caller reported:Nihad Awad, CAIR s national executive director, urged state and local governments to erase every symbol and every vestige of Confederate history immediately. A fitting response to the deadly terror attack on anti-racist protesters in Charlottesville would be for officials in states and cities nationwide to immediately announce that every street, every school, every flag, and every public memorial honoring those who took up arms in defense of white supremacy and slavery will be removed or have its name changed to instead honor those who fought for civil rights,  Awad said in a statement to The Daily Caller. Removal of these memorials would be a small step forward in turning the page on the darkest period in our nation s history,  Awad also said.THE CAIR TEMPLATE FOR ERASING OUR HISTORY AS AMERICANS:Council on American Islamic Relations (CAIR) Resolution Template Requesting the Removal of All Confederate Memorials, Flags, Street Names, and Symbols from Public Spaces and Property August XX, 2017Requesting the Removal of All Confederate Memorials, Flags, Street Names, and Symbols from Public Spaces and Property Whereas the preservation of these memorials validates the subjugation experienced by African-Americans due to their size, prominent placement and public display;  Whereas the investments and arrangement made to recognize Confederate figures communicates core beliefs that promote the endurance of white supremacy and racism;  Whereas every Confederate memorial, flag, street name, and symbol proclaims the injustices and suffering experienced by African-Americans as insignificant and dismissible;  Whereas every Confederate memorial, flag, street name, and symbol commemorates and honors those who fought to enslave African-Americans;  Whereas every Confederate memorial, flag, street name, and symbol diminishes the numerous contributions and services African-Americans made, and continue to make, to the United States;  Whereas every Confederate memorial, flag, street name, and symbol celebrates individuals who campaigned against giving African-Americans their rights and liberty;  Whereas every public symbol that references the Confederacy in the United States glorifies individuals who sought to divide the nation and preserve white supremacy;  Whereas the removal of all memorials, flags, street names, and symbols of Confederacy from public spaces and property reaffirms to the public, especially African-Americans and other minority groups, that we do not endorse the ideals these objects represent;  Whereas the removal of all public references to the Confederacy would respect the entitlement of African-Americans and others to equal protection of their civil and human rights;YADA, YADA, YADA ",0
10146,HERE WE GO: GEORGIA POLITICIAN Calls for Removal of Stone Mountain’s Giant Carving of Confederate Leaders: “A blight on our state”,"The politicians are using our monuments to history as bargaining chips to gain votes. It s sickening to see the back and forth with the cowardly bunch of lily livered sellouts who would rather win their seat than fight for what the people want. Yes, the people WANT to keep these incredible statues and carvings because anyone with half a brain knows you should never erase the past EVER! If we erase our history, who are we?    Pat BuchananIt s heartbreaking to see these pieces of our history torn apart or removed to gather dust somewhere. What s wrong with these politicians in Georgia who are bowing to the liberal elites? Stand up for those who have relatives both black and white who fought in the Civil War. Shame on you!PANDERING FOR VOTES USING OUR MONUMENTS AS COLLATERAL Democratic gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams called for the removal of the giant carving that depicts three Confederate war leaders on the face of state-owned Stone Mountain, saying it  remains a blight on our state and should be removed. We must never celebrate those who defended slavery and tried to destroy the union,  Abrams said in a series of tweets posted early Tuesday, a response to the deadly violence sparked by white supremacist groups in Charlottesville, Va.Removing the faces of Jefferson Davis, Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson would take a monster of a sandblaster and require a change in state law. The Georgia code has a clear mandate for the memorial, saying it should be  preserved and protected for all time as a tribute to the bravery and heroism of the citizens of this state who suffered and died in their cause. Lawmakers and civil rights groups have called for the removal of Confederate symbols at the memorial for years. After the 2015 shooting deaths of nine black worshipers by a white supremacist in Charleston, several legislators pushed for a boycott until Rebel flags at the site come down.Georgia leaders have embraced recent changes to distance the state from its Rebel history.Gov. Nathan Deal quietly struck Confederate Memorial Day from the state s official holiday calendar and removed the statue of a segregationist leader from the state grounds. State-issued license plates featuring the Rebel emblem have been altered, though only slightly. Statues and paintings of Confederate leaders in the statehouse are facing fresh criticism. And the state is set to unveil a statue of Martin Luther King Jr. outside the Capitol this month.Four high-profile Republicans are in the race, and several were critical of her stance. Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle said the state has taken  great strides  to add exhibits that give a more inclusive view of the Civil War. Instead of dividing Georgians with inflammatory rhetoric for political gain,  he said,  we should work together to add to our history, not take from it. IF YOU THINK THIS WON T SNOWBALL INTO MORE DESTRUCTION OF OUR HISTORY JUST CHECK OUT WHAT HAPPENED IN NORTH CAROLINA YESTERDAY: CRAZED PROTESTERS Pull Down Confederate Statue in Durham What s Next, The Guillotines? [VIDEO]We re hearing that the Lexington, Kentucky Mayor is jumping on the bandwagon to take down Confederate statues Via: AJC",0
10147,EXPOSE THE LEFT! DOJ Digs Into Anti-Trump Website to Expose Violent Rent-a-Mob Organizers,"SHINE A LIGHT ON THESE VIOLENT GROUPS!Thank you to AG Jeff Sessions for digging into who s behind the Antifa and other anti-Trump groups!The Trump Department of Justice has requested information on users from anti-Trump website DisruptJ20.The Department of Justice has requested information on visitors to a website used to organize protests against President Trump, the Los Angeles-based Dreamhost said in a blog post published on Monday.Dreamhost, a web hosting provider, said that it has been working with the Department of Justice for several months on the request, which believes goes too far under the Constitution.DreamHost claimed that the complying with the request from the Justice Department would amount to handing over roughly 1.3 million visitor IP addresses to the government, in addition to contact information, email content and photos of thousands of visitors to the website, which was involved in organizing protests against Trump on Inauguration Day:FROM THE DISRUPT20 WEBSITE:After successfully disrupting Trump s Inauguration we are excited to announce, that we will continue #OurResistance. #DisruptJ20 is rebranding into two activist hubs: WeDisrupt & ResistThis!.Resistthis.org Will work to ensure that #OurResistance to the Trump administration continues to grow and remain inclusive to all our peoples.Wow! This anarchist organization s only job is to  disrupt  America! Jeff Sessions needs to keep digging to get to who is organizing violent protests! That information could be used to identify any individuals who used this site to exercise and express political speech protected under the Constitution s First Amendment,  DreamHost wrote in the blog post on Monday.  That should be enough to set alarm bells off in anyone s mind. If it involves domestic terrorism then that brings in a whole new tactic. Read more: GP",0
10148,DEPARTMENT STORE MANNEQUINS Changed to Give Nazi Salute…Shoppers Ignore,"Is this a case of the left protesting again by doing something so childish? This smells like the left. Calling conservatives Nazis is their latest attempt at using Alinsky tactics to pick a target and attack it. The department store is looking at the camera footage to see who did this.A row of mannequins inside a North Carolina department store were rearranged over the weekend to make it look like they were giving a Nazi salute.A TACTIC OF THE LEFT?A customer spotted the mannequins at Belk department store in Cary, just outside Raleigh, on Sunday after a deadly white supremacist rally was held in the neighboring state of Virginia. The angry shopper posted a photo of the mannequins on Facebook, saying a number of people refused to do anything when they spotted the outstretched arms reminiscent of the Nazi salute.Belk told ABC the store was reviewing its surveillance footage. The department store said they had spotted the customer on surveillance video who took a photo of the mannequins before going along and taking the arms down. Smells like the left Read more: Daily Mail",0
10149,"NORTH KOREA BLINKS After Threats From POTUS and “Mad Dog” Mattis: “If they do that, then it’s game on”","North Korea just blinked With the strong statements from Defense Secretary Jim  Mad Dog  Mattis and after President Trump s threats of massive retaliation for any new threat against the U.S., NoKo backed off Defense Secretary Jim Mattis gave a quick statement that could be what resonated with NoKo. He said it s  game on  if North Korea fires missiles at Guam.  If they shoot at the United States, I m assuming they hit the United States. If they do that, then it s game on,  Mattis said.  I think if they fire at the United States, it could escalate into war very quickly, yes. That s called war, if they shoot at us. Mattis then said,  Let s not do this, OK, folks? Let s not start saying,  General Mattis said it s war,   Secretary Mattis said it s war,  War is up to the president, perhaps up to the Congress. The bottom line is we will defend the country from an attack. It s not that I m over here, you know, Dr. Strangelove, you know, doing things like that, OK? Mattis made the point that he would know within minutes if a missile was fired towards the U.S. He said,  We ll take it out. You don t shoot at people in this world, unless you want to bear the consequences. OK? All right. THERE YOU GO! THIS IS A VERY STRONG REBUKE TO THE THREATS AND IT SEEMS TO HAVE WORKED. ",0
10150,"CRAZED PROTESTERS Pull Down Confederate Statue in Durham…What’s Next, The Guillotines? [VIDEO]","Crazed lunatic fringe elements of America have decided to target a Confederate statue in Durham, North Carolina. The video below is unbelievable where are the police to stop the destruction of property?Protestors in #Durham destroying a statue.Why is there zero consequences for this type of behavior?This is NOT acceptable. pic.twitter.com/l48O0Hvv9E  Mike (@Fuctupmind) August 14, 2017PROTESTERS KICKING THE STATUE IDIOTIC!Breaking: protesters have pulled down confederate statue in Durham. @WNCN pic.twitter.com/bfwogsDlY0  Amy Cutler (@AmyCutlerNews) August 14, 2017This Confederate soldier statue has stood in Durham County, North Carolina since 1924.TEAR THEM ALL DOWN. #durham #Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/Kp0tFK4aNR  Caroline Dwyer, AICP (@cdwyer0213) August 14, 2017Is anyone else as shocked as we are that this is allowed to happen? Tearing down a statue? Really?The Statue was there  In Memory of the Boys Who Wore the Grey It was to honor the veterans of the Civil War.Dear Antifa, while you are pulling those monuments, remember the Nazis did the same in Europe.#Durham pic.twitter.com/M8SfXAQYMi  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) August 15, 2017",0
10151,"“Thank you, President Trump”…Mother of Charlottesville Victim Releases Statement While The Left Plans Escalation of Violence [Video]"," Thank you, President Trump, for those words of comfort and for denouncing those who promote violence and hatred  -Susan Bro, mother of Charlottesville attack victim Heather Heyer.Susan Bro, mother of Charlottesville attack victim Heather Heyer, thanks Pres. Trump for  denouncing those who promote violence and hatred  pic.twitter.com/E46OnwE5fW  NBC News (@NBCNews) August 14, 2017PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS DENOUNCED OVER AND OVER THE VIOLENCE ON BOTH SIDES! To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend s racist violence you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered.    POTUS pic.twitter.com/AGjrt4Xnfr  CBS This Morning (@CBSThisMorning) August 14, 2017SUSAN BRO S STATEMENT isn t what the left wants The woman who lost her daughter is behaving better than those who are calling for more violence in the streets. Yes, the groups on the left are using Charlottesville as a launching point for even more violence and chaos Can you believe it?The Daily Caller reports: Far-left agitators are calling for an escalation in tactics following this weekend s violence at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville.Many of the same groups that have organized violent demonstrations in Berkeley, California and elsewhere are now calling for an aggressive response to the violence in Charlottesville. Far-left  anti-fascist  (or antifa) figures are advising agitators to do the job that police won t: shutting down  fascists  and prevent them from organizing.Radical left-wingers have for months justified violence as a way to fight back against  fascism  and  racism    terms that they have applied not just to white nationalist fringe groups but to prominent figures on the right as well.A HUGE SIGN OF A BIGGER FORCE (SOROS) WITH THE FUNDS IS WHEN SIGNS ARE PROFESSIONALLY DONE AND YOU SEE LOTS OF THEM:NOTE: The signs say  RefuseFascism.org Please go to this link to see what they re planning: REFUSE FASCISM Charlottesville is just the beginning. If the alt-right can get away with murder there, none of us will be safe. We have to stand up to white supremacists, we have to shut down and chase out these bigots every time they try to organize, or else they will kill more people,  reads one poster created by anarchist group CrimethInc, a self-described  international network of aspiring revolutionaries. ",0
10152,PRICELESS! PRESIDENT TRUMP TO CNN’S JIM ACOSTA: “I like real news. Not fake news. You’re fake news.” [VIDEO],"CNN s Jim Acosta keeps trolling President Trump and keeps making a total fool of himself! The latest moment was after signing a trade bill when Acosta asked why the president didn t hold a press conference Trump s response is priceless!President Trump to @Acosta:  I like real news. Not fake news. You re fake news.  https://t.co/TssGvNyUct pic.twitter.com/sQ3IR8IRdX  CSPAN (@cspan) August 14, 2017REMEMBER THIS JIM ACOSTA MOMENT?We wish President Trump could clone SENIOR ADVISOR Stephen Miller! He s so brilliant and knows immigration like no other! We can t say the same for the White House Press Corp! The Trump administration made some positive announcements on immigration and the left went nuts! Miller got the best of them!ANOTHER GREAT TAKEDOWN!",0
10153,"CAN YOU HEAR HIM NOW? President Trump Doubles Down: Condemns ‘Evil’ KKK, White Supremacists, Neo-Nazis [Video and Transcript]","President Trump condemned hate groups today AGAIN! Yes, it seems the left didn t hear the president the first time around. They needed their own special speech but they ll still find something to complain about. Allowing Trump to be a good guy just doesn t fit their narrative. No matter how beautiful the speech was today, the Democrats will continue the rhetoric against Trump The last thing they want is a united America THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. I m in Washington today to meet with my economic team about trade policy and major tax cuts and reform. We are renegotiating trade deals and making them good for the American worker. And it s about time.Our economy is now strong. The stock market continues to hit record highs, unemployment is at a 16-year low, and businesses are more optimistic than ever before. Companies are moving back to the United States and bringing many thousands of jobs with them. We have already created over one million jobs since I took office.We will be discussing economic issues in greater detail later this afternoon, but, based on the events that took place over the weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, I would like to provide the nation with an update on the ongoing federal response to the horrific attack and violence that was witnessed by everyone.I just met with FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the deadly car attack that killed one innocent American and wounded 20 others. To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend s racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered.As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence. It has no place in America.And as I have said many times before: No matter the color of our skin, we all live under the same laws, we all salute the same great flag, and we are all made by the same almighty God. We must love each other, show affection for each other, and unite together in condemnation of hatred, bigotry, and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans.Racism is evil. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.We are a nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal. We are equal in the eyes of our Creator. We are equal under the law. And we are equal under our Constitution. Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America.Two days ago, a young American woman, Heather Heyer, was tragically killed. Her death fills us with grief, and we send her family our thoughts, our prayers, and our love.We also mourn the two Virginia state troopers who died in service to their community, their commonwealth, and their country. Troopers Jay Cullen and Burke Bates exemplify the very best of America, and our hearts go out to their families, their friends, and every member of American law enforcement.These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation. In times such as these, America has always shown its true character: responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice.As a candidate, I promised to restore law and order to our country, and our federal law enforcement agencies are following through on that pledge. We will spare no resource in fighting so that every American child can grow up free from violence and fear. We will defend and protect the sacred rights of all Americans, and we will work together so that every citizen in this blessed land is free to follow their dreams in their hearts, and to express the love and joy in their souls.Thank you. God bless you. And God bless America. Thank you very much.",0
10154,WATCH: CONSERVATIVE PRO-FREE SPEECH Activist May Go Blind After Leftist Agitators Throw ACID IN HIS EYES at Charlottesville Rally…Leftists Tweet “I hope you go blind”," Baked Alaska  is a former liberal who wrote for the ultra-liberal Buzzfeed publication.  He s now a conservative activist and Trump supporter who regularly attends pro-Trump and free-speech rallies to document the violence from the Left, and to show his support for his fellow conservatives.Baked Alaska attended the Charlottesville rally this weekend to peacefully show his support for free speech and was met, not surprisingly, by violence from leftist thugs. The type of violence he encountered however, wasn t your run of the mill George Soros funded Antifa gang violence, it was more like the kind of violence you see in the Middle East by Muslim extremists. Baked Alaska was walking down the sidewalk filming the activities at the protest, he was met by protestors screaming,  Black Lives Matter!  Within seconds of encountering this very large group of protesters, Baked Alaska can be heard screaming that he was sprayed with  pepper spray  in the eyes.As it turns out, Baked Alaska was actually sprayed in the eyes with ACID.Shorty after the incident, Baked Alaska tweeted about the horrific act of violence committed against him:Hospital has sent me to the ER, I was told there's a large possibility I'll have permanent eye damage. Keep me in your prayers thank you fam  Baked Alaska  (@bakedalaska) August 13, 2017Here is one of Baked Alaska s friends updating his supporters on his condition. Apparently throwing acid in an innocent person s eyes wasn t enough for the left, Baked Alaska s friend @ Millennial_Matt exposed the thousands death threats they, and their families have been receiving after attending the Charlottesville, VA rally in support of free speech:@Millennial_Matt has made a statement on #Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/nDwUbNoY7A  m me br l e 2 (@memebrulee2) August 13, 2017Here s a picture of Baked Alaska in the hospital giving the thumbs up to his supporters. He is still unable to see in this picture:i can't see how do i look? pic.twitter.com/Sks0BRiq1W  Baked Alaska  (@bakedalaska) August 13, 2017Baked Alaska tweets about coming together and trying  to understand each other peacefully  shortly after leftists threw acid in his eyes:We must come together as a country and try to understand each other peacefully. We can't continue to scream nazi or sjw back & forth.  Baked Alaska  (@bakedalaska) August 13, 2017Here are some of the responses from the Left to Baked Alaska s tweet, explaining to his followers that he may have suffered permanent eye damage:https://twitter.com/emilymmxx/status/896909105490567168https://twitter.com/GarbageTaint/status/896852067448483841Baked Alaska replied to responses from the hateful leftists here:The amount of people rejoicing that I likely have permanent eye damage is very disgusting. The REAL hateful people are being exposed. pic.twitter.com/G4XFYmapGV  Baked Alaska  (@bakedalaska) August 13, 2017",0
10155,WAKE UP! GEORGE SOROS “Drastically Ramps Up” Effort To Destroy America,"George Soros is trying his best to destroy America! He is ramping up his efforts now! James Woods said it best when he tweeted that Soros would be happy with what happened in Charlottesville: Attorney General Jeff Sessions released a statement that there would be an investigation into what happened in Charlottesville. We re hoping Sessions digs deep! If AG Jeff Sessions doesn t dig deep ASAP to uncover Soros  involvement in Antifa and BLM, then this Soros-funded war will continue. We need a fighter to win the battle against this evil Hungarian globalist!Liberal billionaire George Soros s advocacy arm is ramping up its lobbying efforts this year, disclosure forms show.SOROS WANTS OPEN BORDERS AND GLOBALISM:The amount Soros spent on lobbying shot up to $11 million in 2013, a drastic increase from the $3.4 million the group had spent in 2012. The uptick could be attributed to the group s push for  comprehensive immigration reform  during this time.The Open Society Policy Center, a D.C.-based nonprofit that focuses on advocacy efforts and is a separate entity from the Soros grant making Open Society Foundations, has spent nearly as much on lobbying in the first half of 2017 as the group did in the entirety of 2016.The Open Society Policy Center reported spending $4.6 million in the first and second quarters, which runs from Jan. 1 to June 30, according its disclosure forms filed to the House of Representatives and the Senate.THREE IN-HOUSE LOBBYISTS? The group has three in-house lobbyists who lobby the U.S. Senate, House of Representatives, National Security Council, the Department of Defense, and the Department of State.Soros even  tried to influence the decision of the Supreme court on immigration according to The Daily Caller:Open Society Foundations, Hungarian-born billionaire George Soros  stated vehicle for progressive social change, orchestrated a well-funded attempt to secure a desired outcome in a U.S. Supreme Court case on illegal immigration enforcement, according to a newly discovered memo between the organization s top U.S. officials and board members.Soros drastically extended the policy scope of his lobbying efforts as the year progressed, including to issues that have been seen as a direct strike against the Hungarian-born billionaire.IF HUNGARY (SOROS  HOME COUNTRY) CAN TRY AND BAN HIS GOV T INTERFERENCE, WHY CAN T WE?From January to March, Soros s group lobbied on three issues. From April to June, the group lobbied 17 different issues, including the Bill on Foreign Funded Organizations in Hungary (LexNGo), Hungary s crack down on foreign-funded organizations in the country.Hungary s parliament approved the law that targets foreign-funded organizations in June, which they have said  can threaten the country s political and economic interests and interfere with the functioning of its institutions,  according to text of the law.Although the law does not mention Soros by name, politicians in Hungary previously said they wanted to  sweep out  organizations tied to Soros.Soros s Open Society Foundations has given money to a number of prominent NGOs in Hungary. The group has said that the country s bill  seeks to suppress democratic voices in Hungary. The lobbyists also worked on issues such as the Restricting First Use of Nuclear Weapons Act of 2017 and the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2018, among others.Soros s lobbying efforts have quietly skyrocketed in recent years.The policy center reported spending $19,120,000 on lobbying for policy and legislative efforts with Congress and government agencies between 2002 and 2012, which averages out to $1.9 million per year.WE HAD A PUPPET MASTER PULLING THE STRINGS IN THE WHITE HOUSE FOR 8 YEARS! IT S TIME FOR THIS TO STOP! READ MORE: WFB",0
10156,"MEDIA WON’T SHOW VIDEO Of Trump Telling Matt Lauer David Duke Is A “Bigot” and A “Racist…IGNORES HILLARY’S Ties To Former KKK Leader, Democrat Senator Robert Byrd","It is awfully ironic how the liberals are bashing President Trump for placing blame on both sides for the violence in the Charlottesville incident and not condemning just the white supremacists, considering they conveniently overlooked Hillary and Obama s close friendship with former KKK member, Robert Byrd.Following the Charlottesville incident involving a car crashing into a crowd of people, President Trump seemed to be one of the only figures in the country condemning both sides for their displays of violence and bigotry. It was not clear who, exactly, was behind the attack, or which group was responsible.Trump waited until the dust settled and condemned both sides, as both sides warrant condemnation in this situation: from the white supremacists to the black supremacists, to the Communists, to Antifa, the situation was hardly one-sided.David Duke attempted to link Trump to the bigotry and hatred that was present in Charlottesville, however, it would be a far cry to say that the President is in any way happy with or affiliated with Duke or those he associates with, and to say so is to insult the President and his supporters.However, President Trump, back when he was dropping out of the Reform Party primary in 2000, condemned David Duke.When pressed by Matt Lauer on why he saw the Reform Party as self-destructing, Trump commented: Well, you ve got David Duke just joined, a bigot, a racist, a problem, I mean, this is not exactly the people you want in your party.   Gateway PunditWatch Trump s 2000 interview with Lauer here:Despite mounting criticism for Donald Trump s failure to disavow former Ku Klux Klan grand wizard David Duke s support, Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton once heaped praise for late Klan leader Sen. Robert Byrd.In a video uploaded to the State Department s official YouTube page on June 28, 2010, Clinton commemorated late Sen. Byrd by saying,  Today our country has lost a true American original, my friend and mentor Robert C. Byrd. Via: Daily CallerAnd when the former KKK member, Senator Robert Byrd died, Barack Obama gave the eulogy:President Obama lauded the late Sen. Robert C. Byrd today for keeping faith with his family, his state of West Virginia and his beloved U.S. Constitution. He was a Senate icon, he was a party leader, he was an elder statesman, and he was my friend,  Obama told thousands who gathered for Byrd s funeral on the steps of the golden-domed West Virginia statehouse.  That s how I ll remember him. ",0
10157,HERE YOU GO! TRUMP CONDEMNS DAVID DUKE…Calls Him A “Bigot” and A “Racist” [Video],"Following the situation in Charlottesville, Trump was one of the very few people to call out all sides for displays of violence and bigotry: white supremacists, black supremacists, Communists, and Antifa. In short, this flurry of frustration was far from one-sided.Amidst all of the chaos, David Duke tried to link Trump to the bigotry and violence that was present in Charlottesville. This is certainly interesting considering the fact that Trump called Duke out on his own bigotry nearly seventeen years ago. In an interview with Matt Lauer in 2000, Trump condemned Duke while being questioned about his reasons for dropping out of the Reform Party primary.Trump attributed the party s  self-destructing  nature to the people involved with it, specifically Duke. When pressed on this matter by Lauer, Trump responded,  Well, you ve got David Duke just joined, a bigot, a racist, a problem, I mean, this is not exactly the people you want in your party. Further proof that Trump is never afraid to call a spade a spade, or a racist a racist.Read more: The Gateway Pundit",0
10158,"WHERE WAS MEDIA OUTRAGE After This WOMAN DELIBERATELY Plowed Car Into Las Vegas Crowd…Killing One, Injuring 35 Others? [VIDEO]","The media has been giving wall-to-wall coverage of the horrific and violent act that took place in Charlottesville, VA. By now, every American has seen the face and name of the 20-year old man, James Alex Fields, Jr., who was allegedly part of a group of white supremacists, that smashed into a large crowd of protesters on the street.JUST IN: Booking photo of James Alex Fields, Jr. @NBC29 pic.twitter.com/9nxtsvqNmt  Henry Graff (@HenryGraff) August 13, 2017As a result of the horrific accident, one woman was killed and several others were injured. Of course, the media is blaming Donald Trump for the horrific accident that he clearly had nothing to do with. As a side note, does anyone remember the media blaming former President Barack Obama when the city of Ferguson, MO was burned to the ground by Black Lives Matter rioters? Yeah, either do we.But what about the black woman who INTENTIONALLY drove her car into a crowded street on the strip in Las Vegas with her 3-year old toddler in the back seat? Does anyone even remember this happening?In December 2015, Las Vegas police say a 24 year old woman, with her 3 year old toddler in the back seat, intentionally drove her vehicle into a crowded Las Vegas strip with the intention of running people over. Here s the story MSNBC published that was written by the Associated Press. The AP doesn t waste any time attempting to gain sympathy for the driver, and in only the third paragraph of the story, the AP want to make it perfectly clear that the reader knows she may not be guilt of intentional homicide. They re quick to quote the murderer s defense lawyer who told them,  Just because she s charged, doesn t mean she s guilty From the AP article:A woman accused of intentionally plowing a car carrying her child through crowds of pedestrians on a Las Vegas Strip sidewalk is distraught and overwhelmed, her defense attorney said after she briefly appeared in court for the first time.Lakeisha Nicole Holloway, 24, pursed her lips and blinked as she was led in shackles into a courtroom. She was not asked to enter a plea but nodded to acknowledge that she would remain in jail through the holidays while both sides investigate Sunday s crash that killed an Arizona woman and injured dozens of others. This is sad and tragedy for everybody involved,  defense lawyer Joseph Abood said after the hearing, adding,  Just because she s charged, doesn t mean she s guilty. A woman with her 3-year-old daughter in the car smashed into crowds of visitors on the Las Vegas Strip, then drove to a hotel and told a valet to call 911 after killing a woman from Arizona and injuring at least 35 others, including at least five Canadians, police said.People jumped on the car and banged on its windows, but Lakeisha N. Holloway, 24, would not stop driving on the sidewalk, Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo told reporters. Video appeared to show the crash in front of the Paris and Planet Hollywood casino-hotels was intentional, he said.The 1996 Oldsmobile sedan was fully on the sidewalk twice Sunday night, including once when it traveled for 200 feet, police said. The child in the car was not hurt.The 24-year-old told police told she was homeless and tired, and denied using drugs or alcohol. Holloway also told police she had been unable to rest or sleep because security officers kept running her and her daughter and her car off casino properties.Here s a look at how MSNBC s parent company NBC covered the horrific Charlottesville incident yesterday. By the third paragraph in the part of the article that describes the accident, MSNBC interviews a witness from the other side of the protest (not the alleged perpetrator s defense lawyer, like in the story above) who clearly states there is no question about the motive or of the driver s guilt:  It was very clearly intentional. NBC: Described as a group of  anti-racist protesters  by a witness who took video of the crash, the group of marchers was packed close together at the end of a street near the intersection of Fourth and Water streets in downtown Charlottesville when the car struck.Brennan Gilmore, a 37-year-old who works for a start up, shot the footage and said he heard tires squealing before he saw a car build up speed and ram the crowd. It hit a number of people before plowing into the bumper of another car. It was very clearly intentional,  Gilmore told NBC News.  From the far end of the street it accelerated, slowed down right before the crowd and then slammed on the gas through the crowd sending bodies flying. And then it reversed back into the street dragging bodies and clothes. And then boom the TRUMP tie-in (which was not really a tie-in at all):Fields  mother, Samantha Bloom, told The Associated Press on Saturday night that she knew her son was attending a rally in Virginia but didn t know it was a white nationalist rally. I thought it had something to do with Trump. Trump s not a white supremacist,  Bloom told the AP. (The last sentence that includes Fields  mother s statement about Trump NOT being a white supremacist [bold], was omitted from many mainstream media sources, as it didn t fit their narrative.)In February 2017, Holloway was found mentally competent to stand trial after nearly a year committed at Lakes Crossing maximum security psychiatric facility. Holloway then pleaded not guilty in the case. Nearly 3 years later, her case has still not been tried. Lakeisha Holloway faces 71 felony counts in connection to the Dec. 20, 2015 incident that left a woman dead and injured 34 others. Her trial is scheduled to begin on Feb. 5, 2018.If you want to learn more about this case, you ll have to look for updates in local Las Vegas news sources. You won t likely find it being covered by the mainstream media. ",0
10159,NFL’s NEWEST ATTENTION SEEKER Takes Place of Unemployed Kaepernick…Calls Anyone Who Disagrees With Him “RACIST”,"Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch sat during the national anthem over the weekend, ahead of a Saturday preseason game against the Arizona Cardinals, the AP reports.The NFL player was photographed on top of an orange cooler with a banana in Glendale, Ariz.Last year, San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick sat and kneeled during the national anthem and protested police brutality.Lynch previously backed Kaepernick, telling comedian Conan O Brien in September 2016,  I d rather see him take a knee than stand up, put his hands up and get murdered. If you re really not racist then you won t see what he done, what he s doing, as a threat to America, but just addressing a problem that we have,  Lynch said at the time.Raiders coach Jack Del Rio says he didn t know about Lynch s plans ahead of the game, according to NFL.com. On Marshawn, talked to Marshawn trying to make sure we re on the same page,  the coach said.  He said,  This is something I ve done for 11 years. It s not a form of anything other than me being myself.  I said,  So you understand how I feel, I very strongly believe in standing for the national anthem. But I m going to respect you as a man, you do your thing. We ll do ours.  It s a non-issue for me.  Via: Fox News",0
10160,MEDIA IGNORES! Huge List of Attacks on Conservatives is Shocking,"Pro-Trump supporters have known the truth for a long time that conservatives are being attacked. Do you have any idea of the number of attacks? You might be shocked to see the list created by The Daily Caller.We feel like it s even more important to know who s behind the effort to attack and silence conservatives in America. There are groups like MoveOn.org and Black Lives Matter that have been instigating violence in a big way. Antifa is the worst with their tactics of extreme violence and destruction.Just as destructive as the violence is the left s effort to hijack the narrative anytime something happens between both sides. It s an Alinsky tactic that the left has been using long before President Trump came on the scene. The only difference now is that they re on overdrive with the attacks on Trump! It s downright scary!Take the The Huffington Post s recent article calling for the execution of Trump and  everyone assisting his agenda. If you ve noticed a hijacking of the narrative on just about everything to do with President Trump then look no further than the attack on his comments yesterday. Trump s words were twisted, replaced and totally misinterpreted. So it shouldn t surprise anyone that you haven t heard much about physical attacks on conservatives what s the left got to gain by telling the truth? Suppression of information is right up there with lying A low as you can get!HERE S THE TRUTH AND IT S SHOCKING:  Protesters jumped on cars, stole hats, fought with and threw eggs at Trump supporters outside a Trump rally in downtown San Jose, Calif. Trump supporters sued San Jose over the violence.July 2016:-A Hillary Clinton supporter lights a flag on fire and attacks a Trump supporter in Pittsburgh.August 2016:-Anti-Trump protesters attacked pushed, spit on and verbally harassed attendees forced to walk a  gauntlet  as they left a Trump fundraiser in Minneapolis, Minn., and beat an elderly man. Protesters also attacked Trump s motorcade. A Tennessee man was assaulted at a garage sale for being a Trump supporter.-A Trump supporter in New Jersey was attacked with a crowbar on the street.September 2016:-Protesters in El Cajon, Calif., chased and beat up a Trump supporter.October 2016:-A GOP office in North Carolina was firebombed and spray painted with  Nazi Republicans get out of town or else. November 2016:-A high school student was attacked after she wrote that she supported Trump on social media. The perpetrator ripped her glasses off and punched her in the face.-The president of Cornell University s College Republicans was assaulted the night after Trump won the election.-Students protesting Trump punched and kicked a Maryland high school student wearing a Make America Great Again hat.-A high school student was arrested in Florida after he punched a classmate for carrying a Trump sign at school.-A group of black men in Chicago attacked a white man while raging against Trump.-Maryland high school students punched a student who was demonstrating in support of Trump, and then kicked him repeatedly while he was on the ground.- You support Trump. You hate Mexicans,  a California high school student yelled at a Trump supporter, before viciously beating the girl.-An anti-bullying ambassador was arrested for shoving a 74-year-old man to the ground in a fight outside Trump tower where people upset over his win had gathered. The woman tied to Black Lives Matter caused the man to hit his head on the sidewalk.-A Texas elementary school student was beaten by his classmates for voting for Trump in a mock election.-Two men punched and kicked a Connecticut man who was standing with an American flag and a Trump sign.December 2016:-A Trump supporter was beaten and dragged by a car.January 2017:-A Trump supporter was knocked unconscious after airport protesters repeatedly beat him on the head.-A Trump supporter was attacked after putting out a fire started by anti-Trump protesters.-When Trump protesters encountered a driver with a pro-Trump flag on his car, they surrounded the vehicle, ripped off and began burning the flag, and pounded the car. They also punctured the tires.February 2017:-California GOP Rep. Tom McClintock had to be escorted to his car after a town hall because of angry protesters. The tires of at least four vehicles were slashed.-Protestors knocked a 71-year-old female staffer for California GOP Rep. Dana Rohrabacher unconscious during a protest outside the representative s office.-Milo Yiannopoulos speech at the University of California-Berkeley was cancelled after rioters set the campus on fire and threw rocks through windows. Milo tweeted that one of his supporters wearing a Trump hat was thrown to the ground and kicked.March 2017:-Masked protesters at Middlebury College rushed AEI scholar and political scientist Charles Murray and professor Allison Stranger, pushing and shoving Murray and grabbing Stranger by her hair and twisting her neck as they were leaving a campus building. Stranger suffered a concussion. Protesters then surrounded the car they got into, rocking it back and forth and jumping on the hood.April 2017:-A parade in Portland, Ore.,was canceled after threats of violence were made against a Republican organization.-Fears of violent protests shut down Ann Coulter s UC Berkeley speech. Campus police had gathered intel on protesters who were planning to commit violence.May 2017:  Republican Rep. Tom Garrett, his family and his dog were targeted by a series of repeated death threats deemed credible by authorities.-FBI agents arrested a person for threatening to shoot Republican Rep. Martha McSally over her support for Trump.-Police in Tennessee charged a woman for allegedly trying to run Republican Rep. David Kustoff off the road.-Police in North Dakota ejected a man after he became physical with Republican Rep. Kevin Cramer at a town hall.-A former professor was arrested after police said they identified him on video beating Trump supporters with a U-shaped bike lock, leaving three people with  significant injuries. June 2017:-James Hodgkinson opened fire on a congressional GOP baseball practice, injuring five, including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise.-Republican Rep. Claudia Tenney received an email threat that read,  One down, 216 to go,  shortly after the shooting at the Republican congressional baseball practice.-A man driving a white Malibu reportedly fired several shots at a man driving a truck displaying a  Make America Great Again  flag in Indiana.",0
10161,H.R. McMaster Repeatedly Refuses to Say if He Can Work with Steve Bannon…A Deep State Set Up? [Video],"Alert! Alinsky tactics at work here! Remember  Pick a Target? Well, the media and Deep State have picked their target Breitbart News has been exposing H.R. McMaster so now the media and Deep State are going hard after Steve Bannon EVEN HARDER THAN THEY HAD BEEN BEFORE. The media and politicians have been targeting Bannon since the election. They ve been calling him all of the usual names like  Nazi  or  White Supremacist . They re clearly afraid of Bannon because he has the media and the left figured out just like Breitbart did. We re hoping Bannon won t get squeezed out by Kelly and McMaster! This could cause a HUGE policy shift for the Trump presidency. Not good, not good at all for Trump supporters who want America back after 8 awful years of Obama.White House National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster repeatedly refused  say whether he could work with chief strategist Steve Bannon Sunday on  Meet The Press,  dodging the question three times! Three times! This is a Deep State wake up call!IS BANNON ON THE WAY OUT? NOT GOOD!Did you notice that Scaramucci went after President Trump today? AND Steve Bannon? Yes, he was on the morning shows letting it rip on those two!Axios reported Saturday that Bannon has entered President Donald Trump s doghouse and that top officials believe he s part of leaks meant to target McMaster. Bannon was previously executive chairman of Breitbart, and the right-wing website has published a series of stories attacking McMaster in recent weeks.SHOULDN T THE TRUTH COME OUT ON MCMASTER?New Chief of Staff John Kelly has said he will not tolerate the infighting and anonymous comments to the media that characterized predecessor Reince Priebus  tenure, according to Politico.Earlier in the interview, host Chuck Todd asked what was  going on  between him and Bannon. McMaster dismissed the saga as  a lot of noise  and didn t mention Bannon s name.At the end of the interview, Todd repeatedly asked McMaster if he could work together with Bannon, but McMaster wouldn t answer. Can you and Steve Bannon still work together in this White House or not?  Todd asked. I get to work together with a broad range of talented people, and it is a privilege every day to enable the national security team,  McMaster said. You didn t answer. Can you and Steve Bannon work in that same White House?  Todd asked. I am ready to work with anybody who will help advance the president s agenda and advance the security, prosperity of the American people,  McMaster said. Do you believe Steve Bannon does that?  Todd asked. I believe that everyone who works in the White House, who has the privilege, the great privilege every day of serving their nation, should be motivated by that goal,  McMaster said.VIA: WFB ",0
10162,BLACK MAN CLAIMS He Was KICKED OUT Of Swanky LA Gym Because He Supports President Trump…WATCH Jesse Peterson Tell His Incredible Story,"Equinox Los Angeles, one of the swankiest gyms in America, where celebrities like Chloe Kardashian, Mickey Rourke, Renee Zellweger and Sean Combs have been seen exiting is apparently okay with accepting their exorbitant fees from gym members, as long as they don t support our current President, Donald J. Trump.On their Facebook page, Equinox makes no secret about the fact that transgenders are welcome at their DC location: Members pay $200 to $300 initiation fees and $160 to $250 monthly rates. They rave about the gym s amenities, which include classes taught by former Olympians and spa treatments.Equinox gym makes it pretty clear however, in one of their Facebook posts that they tolerate all people of all beliefs. They actually tell Facebook users that if they have  narrow minds  that they  need not apply . Hmmm .so asking a member to leave because he supports our president isn t  narrow minded? Watch the video below, as one of the sweetest conservative voices in social media, Jesse Lee Peterson tells his story of how he was treated by Equinox Gym in Los Angeles. (The video cuts off part of Jesse s head, but his story is definitely worth listening to.) Conservatives and specifically, conservative Trump supporters are under attack by leftist bullies everywhere. We need to stand strong and stick together. There has never been a more important time to stand your ground and be unafraid of who you are. We cannot allow the Left to bully us into submission. I was attacked, bullied and harassed by management @equinox Los Angeles because I support Trump! I was attacked, bullied, harassed by management @equinox Los Angeles because I support Trump! Here's what happened. https://t.co/fnJuvLGH9l  Jesse Lee Peterson (@JLPtalk) August 11, 2017",0
10163,HUCKABEE BACKS TRUMP’S COMMENTS ON PROTESTS: “Is he supposed to do what Barack Obama used to do and jump to conclusions”,"A voice of reason speaks out! Mike Huckabee told Fox News host Judge Jeanine Pirro that he has a  special repulsion  for white supremacists and that Trump did the right thing in his statements about Charlottesville. It s part because I m white,  he elaborated.  It s part because I have seen this evil and hateful attitude that elevates some people above others. And as a believing Christian, I m especially offended because anybody who believes The Bible, especially the gospels, will have to accept that there is no way that God is a respecter of persons- as scripture makes clear, He doesn t love some people more than others because of their color, because of their affiliation, even with Him. He mentioned that because he believe in the gospels that  every person has equal worth,  that makes him pro-life.Pirro asked Huckabee if the outrage over the president s remarks are just  Trump haters  who   will look for any reason to dump on  him. Well it seems like a lot of them are, I don t know what they expect the president to do,  Huckabee responded.  At the time that he made the comment, the driver of the car had not even been identified. That s exactly right!  Pirro exclaimed. And so what is he supposed to say?  Huckabee continued.  Is he supposed to do what Barack Obama used to do and jump to conclusion and make a decision like he did in Ferguson. Missouri, which turned out to be totally untrue? The president has to be careful in taking steps. I thought what he condemned was what we all could immediately condemn and that was the violence, the car some coward in a car drove into innocent people to try and kill them. And he condemned that! What else is he supposed to do at that point? Amen!Via: Mediate ",0
10164,A LOOK INSIDE NORTH KOREA’S Lavish Underground Nuclear Bunker…Is This Why Kim Jong Un Is Unafraid Of Nuclear Conflict? [VIDEO],"A defector from North Korea is cautioning against underestimating Kim Jong Un when it comes to nuclear weapons   and he says President Donald Trump may be key to stopping him.Song Byeok escaped from the North in 2002 and currently resides in South Korea. In a new interview, he told The Independent the threat of nuclear war is real as long as Kim Jong-un is in power. I think Kim Jong Un could wage nuclear war if his power is threatened and that is why he needs to be removed as soon as possible,  he said.The 48-year-old defector used to create propaganda art for the regime, now he creates protest work.  AoLThese pictures show the inside of Pyongyang s 360ft deep metro system   that will double up as a nuclear bunker if war breaks out between North Korea and the US.Images show commuters using the world s deepest underground train system which includes two lines with a combined length of 18 miles beneath North Korea s capital.Construction work on the Pyongyang Metro started in 1968 and was inaugurated in 1973 by Kim Il Sung, the grandfather of current dictator Kim Jong-un.Watch this fascinating look into North Korea by photographer Andrew McLeod: And while it is usually busy with commuters, the depth of the subway system means citizens could also use it as a shelter should tensions between North Korea and America boil over into full-scale war.The trains are old carriages from Germany which were bought up by North Korea in 1999 as they were heading for the scrap heap. Pyongyang now claims the trains were built in North Korea, but despite attempts to conceal their origin, some old graffiti tags can be seen on the carriages.French photographer Eric Lafforgue captured these images during a trip to the hermit state and said there were only 17 stations on two lines.He said the fare was the equivalent of half a US cent  You have to validate your ticket at one of these automatic machines. But they did not work the day I visited. Instead, a train attendant checked was checking the tickets by hand.For entire story: Daily Mail ",0
10165,#CHARLOTTESVILLE While Media and Politicians Stir the Pot…Are We Missing the Elephant in the Room?,"A tweet caught my eye after exploring all of the hate and violence posted from Charlottesville. Did you dig deeper and do you know: Who Paid For Helmets, Bus Rentals, Body Armor on both sides in Charlottesville? Are we missing the elephant in the room? Is this event being used for political purposes (see VA Gov. McAuliffe video below) to shut down free speech and to denounce President Trump who has NO CONNECTION to any of these radical groups? George Soros must be so proud right now What s missing in all of the news reports is that the group that got permission to rally (we don t agree with them but they got permission to rally) was infiltrated by bussed in Black Lives Matter and Antifa thugs who are very violent. Remember Berkeley? The rally then became a violent mob Was this the plan by the left when they bussed in hundreds in opposition? A perfect scenario for the left Something isn t right here George Soros of MoveOn.org was advertising for protesters too:Antifa is paid by DNC funder George Soros but not one Democrat is being asked to condemn them for Charlottesville  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) August 12, 2017The Truth is that Trump supporters and most Americans on both sides reject this violence! It s being used as a tool to destroy the Trump supporters and Trump!Doesn t matter what evil it is. Remember the media rule. Every story must be twisted around so that Donald Trump is the villain.  MARK SIMONE (@MarkSimoneNY) August 12, 2017My feelings were confirmed when Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe waisted no time in denouncing white nationalists but this sounds more like a political stump speech than anything else. Notice how he didn t denounce BLM or Antifa:I just asked @GovernorVA if he wanted to condemn antifa as well as neo Nazi groups. He heard. Refused to answer. pic.twitter.com/W7vcH4fSI0  Raheem   (@RaheemKassam) August 12, 2017MCAULIFFE IS IN FULL POLITICIAN MODE HERE: It s sickening!  I told President Trump that there has got to be a movement in this country to bring people together. .@GovernorVA on #Charlottesville protests:  I told @POTUS that there has got to be a movement in this country to bring people together.  pic.twitter.com/HUNCmubv4q  Fox News (@FoxNews) August 12, 2017",0
10166,"BREAKING NEWS: PRESIDENT TRUMP SPEAKS Out On #Charlottesville Tragedy, After Car Plows Through Protesters…1 DEAD…19 Injured…”We Are All Americans First”","To his credit, President Donald Trump almost immediately responded to the violence in Charlottesville, VA after a White Nationalists obtained a permit to march and were met with  violence by counter-protesters, many of whom were Antifa thugs who ve made a practice of using violence to shut down free speech in America and around the world.There was more hate in Charlottesville, VA today than America has seen in quite some time. Barack Obama created a racial divide like we haven t seen since the civil rights movement. We must pray that President Trump will have the ability to heal the wounds Barack Obama, Eric Holder, Al Sharpton and Loretta Lynch opened in an effort to divide America for votes. We must also pray that the American people will come together and stop listening to so-called leaders who would like to divide us.Charlottesville, VA   At least one person was killed and 19 others were injured Saturday when a car rammed into a group of counter-protesters during the  Unite the Right  rally in Charlottesville, Va.Charlottesville Mayor Mike Signer tweeted that he was  heartbroken that a life has been lost here  and urged  all people of good will [to] go home. The person driving the car has been arrested, but his identity has not yet been released. Via: Fox News",0
10167,KATIE COURIC TWEETS Disgust After Two Of Her Producers Are Sprayed With Urine At Charlottesville Protest…Doesn’t Mention ANTIFA Thugs Sprayed Them,"Katie Couric took to Twitter to call out Charlottesville, VA protesters who allegedly sprayed urine at two of her producers. What leftist hack Katie Couric doesn t mention is that the protesters who sprayed her producers with urine were actually ANTIFA protesters. By leaving that little factoid out of her tweet, she has clearly attempted to mislead anyone reading her tweet into believing that the offending protesters were part of the white nationalist group. While we strongly condemn any group that believes they are superior because of their race or skin color, these people actually obtained a permit to protest, and until Antifa showed up, their protest was peaceful.Two of my producers just got sprayed with urine. Lovely. Hard to keep your cool.  Katie Couric (@katiecouric) August 12, 2017Citizen journalist and lawyer Mike Cernovich called out Katie Couric for attempting to mislead her Twitter followers:ANTIFA, a left wing organization, threw urine on a left wing media outlet. https://t.co/xMxHwqGSfJ  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) August 12, 2017Another person on Twitter verified what Mike Cernovich reported:AntiFa has been hyper aggressive at the #UniteTheRight rally. Throwing urine, feces, paint, chemicals, smoke canisters, & pepper spraying.  Millie Weaver (@Millie__Weaver) August 12, 2017THEY'RE NOT ACTIVISTSThey're DOMESTIC TERRORISTSThey're #Antifa & #BLMAnd THEY'RE the ones provoking violence in #Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/TWJmnwuh5S  Boca Vista (@bocavista2016) August 12, 2017Fox News reported about the #UniteTheRight (no affiliation with conservative Americans who think of themselves as being right of center) having permits to protest in Charlottesville, VA:#UniteTheRight had rec'd proper permits to be assembled. #Antifa was Violent pic.twitter.com/HnIl1V2IfR  TrumpsBlonde  Angie (@TrumpsBlonde) August 12, 2017A couple of hours ago, a car drove down one of the streets where protesters were walking and drove into several people. Numerous people were injured. Some of the protesters reportedly have life-threatening injuries. Reports are coming from people who are at the rally that an Antifa member was driving the vehicle that smashed into protestors.https://twitter.com/polNewsForever/status/896429441588629506",0
10168,New Report Shows 3.5 MILLION MORE ADULTS Registered To Vote Than Are Alive…Is This Why Leftist Media Predicted Hillary Would Win? [VIDEO],"WATCH the euphoric reaction of Clinton crony and ABC host George Stephanopoulos discuss the probability of Hillary winning the presidential election against candidate Trump with Nate Silver. According to Stephaopoulos, is rarely incorrect in his predictions. Was Silver considering the effect voter fraud would have on our elections that appears to be almost exclusively favoring Democrats?FAST FORWARD TO August, 2017, as America witnesses one report after anohter of unbelievable voter fraud and/or major voter discrepancies across several states in America.  Americans are finally starting to understand how the Democrats, and their allies in the media were so certain that Hillary would win against the much more popular candidate Donald J. Trump:National Review   Some 3.5 million more people are registered to vote in the U.S. than are alive among America s adult citizens. Such staggering inaccuracy is an engraved invitation to voter fraud.The Election Integrity Project of Judicial Watch   a Washington-based legal-watchdog group   analyzed data from the U.S. Census Bureau s 2011 2015 American Community Survey and last month s statistics from the federal Election Assistance Commission. The latter included figures provided by 38 states. According to Judicial Watch, eleven states gave the EAC insufficient or questionable information. Pennsylvania s legitimate numbers place it just below the over-registration threshold.My tabulation of Judicial Watch s state-by-state results yielded 462 counties where the registration rate exceeded 100 percent. There were 3,551,760 more people registered to vote than adult U.S. citizens who inhabit these counties. That s enough over-registered voters to populate a ghost-state about the size of Connecticut,  Judicial Watch attorney Robert Popper told me.Take a look at the margin in battle ground states Trump won in 2016, in which Electoral College votes can be decided by incredibly narrow margins. Consider the multitude of ghost voters in:Colorado: 159,373Florida: 100,782Iowa: 31,077Michigan: 225,235New Hampshire: 8,211North Carolina: 189,721Virginia: 89,979(For a deeper dive into these data, please download my spreadsheet here.)President Donald J. Trump s supporters might be intrigued to learn that Hillary Clinton s margins of victory in Colorado (136,386) and New Hampshire (2,736) were lower than the numbers of ghost voters in those states. Clinton s fans should know that Trump won Michigan (10,704) and North Carolina (173,315) by fewer ballots than ghost voters in those states.It s past time to exorcise ghost voters from the polls.Watch Barack Obama criticize Donald Trump for questioning the integrity of the vote: ",0
10169,VIRGINIA DMV Issues Vulgar License Plate Bashing President Trump…Recall!,"How did this man get this license plate? How did it pass the DMV s rules of no vulgarity? It s obvious that it s a plate that bashes President Trump but someone in the DMV let it pass through. Now he s going to fight for his right to keep an obviously vulgar license plate? Maybe he should grow up and have a decent plate on his car. The Trump-bashing is childish and this guy was a teacher!What does this license plate say? Don Butler of Richmond, a former teacher, says he chose the F and the K because they re the first and last letters of the word flunk, and President Donald Trump has flunked. The Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles, however, says he needs to give up the plate.The letters FTRU MPK grace the back of his Lexus SUV.But the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles sent Butler a letter demanding he send back the plate because it violates state rules.Butler requested a hearing, and he ll make his case to keep the plate on Monday morning. There s no question that it s an anti-Trump message,  he said in a phone interview Friday.But the former middle school teacher and retired lawyer says he doesn t understand DMV s concern. The F and K in the plate are the first and last letters of the word  flunk,  he said, and that s why he choose them. I think that Trump has flunked miserably,  he said. Apparently they re trying to read something else into it.   I have no idea what they think it means. SUUUUURE! IT S PRETTY OBVIOUS THAT IT S VULGAR!READ MORE: RICHMOND",0
10170,THESE 11 GOP SENATORS Tweeted Support for McConnell…Primary Them!,"Arrogant and smug is what we d call McConnell when he spoke to a group telling them Trump has  excessive expectations  of government Unbelievable!After 7 years of promises, the Senate leader can t do a thing McConnell should take the blame for the do-nothing Senate!Speaking at a Rotary Club gathering in Kentucky on Monday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell vented about how President Donald Trump s lack of political experience has led to him setting  excessive expectations  for legislative priorities.McConnell, R-Ky., told the group in Florence that he found it  extremely irritating  that Congress has earned the reputation of not accomplishing anything. Part of the reason I think that the storyline is that we haven t done much is because, in part, the president and others have set these early timelines about things need to be done by a certain point,  said McConnell, a Republican and the state s senior senator.Trump, a political newcomer, as McConnell noted, has a habit of declaring progress on major priorities that do not necessarily reflect the reality of lawmaking.For example, as the House was in the midst of negotiations about its Obamacare replacement bill in February, Trump announced that Congress was in the  final stages  of its bill and said it would be ready for  submitting  in March. While the House bill was unveiled in March, that chamber didn t vote on it until May, and health care votes continued until the end of July.That sort of disconnect has led to Trump s expressing disappointment when bills   chief among them health care reform   fail to end up on his desk, even though, as with health care, the political reality indicated all along how difficult it was going to be to pass legislation. Our new president, of course, has not been in this line of work before. And I think he had excessive expectations about how quickly things happen in the democratic process,  McConnell told the group.  So part of the reason I think people feel we re underperforming is because too many artificial deadlines   unrelated to the reality of the complexity of legislating   may not have been fully understood. President Trump tweeted back to McConnell: GET BACK TO WORK! Here s the list of Republican Senators who went against President Trump: PRIMARY THEM! Cornyn  Corker  Tillis  Isakson  Collins  Hatch  Gardner  Heller  Flake  Young  CapitoThe more these Senators push against Trump, the more the American people will turn on the Republican turncoats!",0
10171,SKETCHY FIRM BEHIND SALACIOUS ALLEGATIONS Against Trump Tries to Pull a Fast One on Senate Judiciary Committee,"Remember Fusion GPS (please see our previous report on this below)? They are the opposition research firm behind the Trump  golden showers  dossier that attempted to embarrass the president with untrue stories of sexual escapades. Well, Fusion GPS had been ordered to turn over the dossier to the Senate Judiciary Committee late Wednesday but when they turned them over it was clear Fusion GPS was trying to pull a fast one on the Senate: The committee is reviewing the production received late this afternoon from Mr. Simpson, but virtually all of the documents appear to be merely news clippings rather than records of Fusion s substantive communications. The paltry document production escalates the standoff between Fusion GPS and the Judiciary Committee, which is chaired by Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley.After Simpson declined an invitation to testify before the committee last month, Grassley issued a subpoena to compel him to appear. But the subpoena was withdrawn after Simpson, a former Wall Street Journal reporter, said he would voluntarily meet in a closed session with committee staff.A date for that meeting has not been set. WHY NOT???Last month, the committee requested records from Fusion GPS, the Trump campaign, Donald Trump Jr. and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort as part of its investigation into Russian meddling in the election.The Trump campaign gave the committee 20,000 pages of records last week while Trump Jr. and Manafort produced 250 pages and 400 pages of records, respectively.The committee is one of three congressional panels investigating Russia-related matters, including the dossier and the June 9, 2016 Trump Tower meeting held between Trump Jr. and a Russian attorney linked to Fusion GPS.In its request to Fusion, the Judiciary Committee asked for contracts that the firm signed for its work on the dossier.Fusion was initially hired to investigate Trump in Sept. 2015 by an unidentified Republican donor who opposed the real estate mogul. After Trump ascended to the GOP nomination, the donor dropped the project. But Fusion soon found a Democratic ally of Hillary Clinton s   also still unidentified   to continue the research. Fusion hired Christopher Steele, a former MI6 agent, to conduct the investigation.Fusion and Steele s firm, Orbis Business Intelligence, have worked together on various projects since 2010.The committee also asked Fusion to produce contracts and communications regarding its work against the Magnitsky Act, a sanctions law opposed by the Russian government.Who exactly was paying Fusion GPS for all of its projects against Trump? Read more: Daily CallerOUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE DOSSIER:SHOCKING TESTIMONY Confirms Comey Used Fake Russian  Golden Showers  Dossier to Target Trump [Video]During congressional testimony, the CEO of Hermitage Capital was speaking about the  Foreign Agents Registration Act  (FARA). During the testimony the origin of the Fusion GPS  Russian Dossier  was discussed (please see our previous report on this below). The Hermitage Capital CEO revealed that the Russian government actually paid Fusion GPS to create the fake  Golden Shower  propaganda dossier on candidate Trump. Here s the kicker: That same dossier was used by the FBI in June/July 2016 to generate the FISA surveillance warrants against the Trump campaign.Yes, that means FBI Director Comey used the fake dossier  commissioned by Russia to attack Trump, as the framework to launch his FBI investigation into candidate Donald Trump and Russian collusion.Soooo why is Mueller still investigating President Trump?Entire video of Testimony Below:Graham s questioning begins at the 48:40 point:Foreign Agent Registration Requirements William Bowder, a Russian market investor, testifies at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on foreign agent registration requirements, as well as what he knows about Natalia Veslnitskaya, a Russian attorney who met with Donald Trump, Jr. in 2016. OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE DOSSIER:EXTRAORDINARY DETAILS EMERGE About How Senator John McCain Got  Dirty Dossier  On President Trump From Ex-Spy Where s The Media Outrage?Where was the media s outrage when a sitting United States senator, John McCain went on a wild goose chase, that led him overseas, in an effort to obtain what he believed was incriminating evidence that could be used to harm President Trump? How is it okay for Senator John McCain to actively seek dirt on a sitting president, but not okay for Donald Trump Jr. (who is NOT a government official) to meet with a Russian lawyer in an attempt to discover potential dirt on presidential candidate Hillary Clinton?Sen. John McCain commented on Tuesday about Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with the Russian lawyer. How serious do you think this particular shoe is?  Raju asked, referring to Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with Kremlin-linked lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya after being promised dirt on Clinton that was reportedly part of a Russian government effort. I don t know. But it s certainly another shoe that s dropped that needs to be pursued and looked at,  McCain said.  TPMWatch RINO Senator John McCain express his concern overt the seriousness of Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with the Russian lawyer about the lifting US sanctions on Russian adoption. It s curious that the reporter never asked McCain about his efforts to smear our president with a unsubstantiated dirty dossier from an ex-spy:Before we go any further into the messy details of John McCain s international dealings to find dirt on our sitting president, it s worth mentioning that as far as we know, no one was murdered as a result of Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya, who entered the US without a visa under  extraordinary circumstances  thanks to the efforts of Barack Obama s DOJ. The same cannot be said about McCain s dealings with the  dirty dossier  on Trump. Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya is also said to have ties to Fusion GPS, the sketchy secretive Washington firm that commissioned the dubious intelligence dossier on Donald Trump.According to the Daily Caller   The Russian lawyer who offered Donald Trump Jr. damaging information about former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reportedly has ties to the opposition research firm that commissioned the dossier on President Donald Trump.When the June 2016 meeting took place, Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya was in New York to defend Prevezon, a Russian holding firm accused of laundering money for corrupt Russian businessmen. Veselnitskaya had been working on the case for years with assistance from Fusion GPS, the opposition research firm that compiled the Trump dossier.Fusion GPS denied any knowledge of, or role in, facilitating the meeting between Veselnitskaya and Trump Jr.According to The Sun: A FORMER KGB spy chief suspected of helping Brit spook Christopher Steele compile the Trump  dirty dossier  has been found dead in his car under mysterious circumstances.Oleg Erovinkin, described as a key source behind the widely discredited document, was found dead in the back of his car in Moscow on Boxing Day.Today, the Daily Mail reports: Sen. John McCain said he did  what any citizen would do  in turning over the dirty dossier, which contained unconfirmed secrets about the president-elect, over to the FBI.The Guardian charted the path of how the dossier came to be and how it was that McCain got his hands on the controversial documents.In turn, that firm outsourced the research to a  retired western European former counter-intelligence official, with a long history of dealing with the shadow world of Moscow s spooks and siloviki (securocrats),  explained the Guardian.Yesterday, the Wall Street Journal identified the ex-spy as Christopher Steele.The Guardian pointed out that just because a Democrat was willing to pay for the information that didn t mean that said Democrat was Hillary Clinton s campaign or the Democratic National Committee.Sometimes donors seek out this information in order to ensure they ve made a sound investment.***Yeah okay!***The contractor, who the Guardian didn t name, but the Wall Street Journal identified as Steele, reportedly found the information that he dug up to be concerning. He and another ex-British diplomat, Christopher Burrows, run their own company, Orbis Business Intelligence. If the allegations were real, their implications were overwhelming,  the Guardian wrote.On November 18, at the Halifax International Security Forum, McCain was introduced to a  former senior western diplomat  who had set eyes on the documents and knew who put them together, telling the Arizona Republican that the individual was  highly reliable. That man can now be named as Sir Andrew Wood, British ambassador to Moscow from 1995 to 2000.Wood told the Independent that he had met McCain, spoken to him about Trump, and about the potential for him to be compromised.In a carefully nuanced statement he said:  Yes I did meet Senator McCain and his aides at the conference. We spoke about the kind of activities the Russians can be engaged in. We also spoke about how Mr Trump may find himself in a position where there could be an attempt to blackmail him with Kompromat [a Russian term for compromising material] and claims that there were audio and video tapes in existence.   He added:  I would like to stress that I did not pass on any dossier to Senator McCain or anyone else and I did not see a dossier at the time. I do know Christopher Steele and in my view he is very professional and thorough in what he does. He did not however address whether he told McCain there was a dossier   and how to get it.Clearly, somebody did.From there, McCain dispatched a  trusted emissary  who flew across the Atlantic to meet the source of the documents at an airport that the Guardian did not name.The aide was instructed to look for a man with a copy of the Financial Times and that s how the individuals met, with the source taking McCain s emissary back to his house and giving the American a copy of the documents.Within 24 hours, the dossier was in Washington, though the contents of the file couldn t be verified without an investigation.  McCain, the Guardian said, was worried that his actions might be interpreted as revenge for some of the controversial comments Trump made about him   such as knocking the fact that the longtime senator had been a prisoner of war.However, McCain decided to hand over the documents to FBI Director James Comey on December 9. Upon examination of the contents, and unable to make a judgment about their accuracy, I delivered the information to the Director of the FBI,  McCain said Wednesday in a statement about that matter. That has been the extent of my contact with the FBI or any other government agency regarding this issue,  McCain said.For entire story: Daily MailRead more: CT",0
10172,HOW NEWSWEEK ACCUSES Melania and Ivanka Of Sending Sexual Signals Will Even Make Trump-Haters Laugh,"The publication that just can t seem to get over Hillary s loss to President Trump has sunk to a new low. And yes, apparently that is possible Comparing our First Lady and our President s daughter to prostitutes?  Really? Perhaps no one told Newsweek that both of these beautiful, and yes, feminine women, happened to be successful businesswomen long before Donald Trump ever decided to run for President Newsweek attacked President Donald Trump s female relatives for wearing high heels in public in a piece published Thursday, saying it showed they were subservient to men. Melania, Ivanka, and Ivana Trump Wear High Heels, a Symbol of Everything That Is Beautiful and Horrifying About Them,  read the headline. The female consorts of the Leader of the Free World do not set foot in public without first molding their arches into the supranatural curve that Mattel toy designers once devised for Barbie s plastic feet,  the author complained.Newsweek argued that high heels are designed primarily to attract men, not for the comfort of the women wearing them. So to deconstruct why Trump women wear high heels: They are just buying into traditional binary views of male and female,  British psychologist Paul Morris opined. High heels thrust out the buttocks and arch the back into a natural mammalian courting,  an American anthropologist agreed.  Rats do it, sheep do it   lions do it, dogs do it. It is a naturally sexy posture that men immediately see as sexual readiness. [Heels] are a  come-hither  signal. When women wear high heels at work, they send sexual signals that should be avoided if they want to be taken seriously,  she said.Newsweek further noted that the first women to wear high heels were  Italian prostitutes in the 17th century  and that  the high heel was a staple of Victorian porn. Stiletto pumps are the ultimate test of a certain type of femininity. They signal the taut combination of power and weakness that conservative women must cultivate in order to survive among ideologues who are crafting our tax-free  Handmaid s Tale  future,  Newsweek concluded.  WFB ",0
10173,HILLARY’S PASTOR COMPARES Her Election Loss To Donald Trump To Death Of Jesus Christ [VIDEO],"A United Methodist minister, Rev. Bill Shillady is set to publish a book of daily Bible devotionals on August 15 2017. The book titled,  Strong for a Moment Like This  is said to be inspired by the verses regularly sent to Hillary Rodham Clinton when she was running for president.It will include 365 of the over 600 devotions as well as a forward by Clinton herself. The book s devotions are organized into 12 themes, such as forgiveness, doing good, courage, and women.A portion of the proceeds from the book will go to the United Methodist City Society in New York.   Praise The World RadioYEAH..Okay. A  portion of the proceeds  from the book will go to a church related organization, so where will the rest of the proceeds go? It s now been revealed that the pastor who s so enamored with Hillary Clinton, the woman who was seen frequently in church during the campaign, compared her election loss to President Trump to the death of Jesus Christ.WFB  Hillary Clinton s pastor compared her loss to Donald Trump to the death of Jesus Christ in a message he sent her the day after the November 2016 election. You, our nation, our world, is experiencing a black Friday,  Rev. Bill Shillady wrote to Clinton on Nov. 9, 2016, CNN reported.  Our hope is that Sunday is coming. But it might well be hell for a while. On Good Friday every year, Christians observe the crucifixion and death of Jesus, who they believe to be the Son of God. Two days later, they celebrate Easter Sunday, which marks the Resurrection of Jesus and the triumph over sin.One day after Clinton s stunning defeat at the hands of Trump, Shillady wrote that  life is filled with a lot of Fridays  and Good Friday  represented the day that everything fell apart. Today, you are experiencing a Friday. Your Friday is what happened in the last few weeks and last night in the tragic loss. But Sunday is coming!  Shillady wrote.Shillady went on to write about the suffering of Jesus for the world s sins and how his faith in God gave him  the grace and peace to submit to Friday. Friday is finished,  he wrote.  Sunday is coming. Death will be shattered. Hope will be restored. But first, we must live through the darkness and seeming hopelessness of Friday. Clinton, a Methodist, has reportedly discussed making her own spirituality more public, and Shillady has said she would make a  great pastor. Watch Pastor Shillady attempt to get the Democrat Party to pray at the DNC convention. Notice how he starts the prayer by saying,  Lord of many names . Even after many attempts to quiet the crowd and asking them to stop throwing balloons in front of his face while he prays, the mostly godless Democrats would have nothing to do with it Notice the tight shots the cameramen are forced to take because so few people in the audience are praying with the pastor. How very sad ",0
10174,ANGRY COMMENTATOR THREATENS TRUMP: “Government’s gonna kill this guy” [Video],"Wow! Open threats that government will  kill  the president had to be clarified by Jake Tapper. BUT Please listen to this unhinged commentator on CNN and tell us the  Deep State  doesn t exist:I found the actual for video  You guys decide if this is okay or not. Change agents=threats. Words like this on National TV is not right. pic.twitter.com/dQKksW47ef  Bobby Axelrod   (@SirBobbyAxelrod) August 10, 2017These CNN commentators were discussing the fact that Putin fired embassy employees in Russia. We reported (see video below) that President Trump said it s fine that Putin fired the employees because it saves the U.S. money. These loose cannons went ballistic and said that government will  kill  him. Even if it s not literally to kill, it s still a very threatening message! The entire commentary is disturbing!Here s what the panel was referring to: This is priceless! President Trump just gave the best response ever to a reporter s question! He said he wanted to thank Russian President Vladimir Putin for reducing his payroll by firing U.S. embassy staff in Moscow. Hysterical and so quick! Watch how Trump doesn t skip a beat with his response:After Sanctions on Russia were put in place in July, Putin ordered 755 embassy personnel out of Russia.President Trump was asked today during a press conference what he thought of the firing. His response was quick and decisive. He said he wanted to thank Putin for the firing: No. I want to thank him, because we re trying to cut down on payroll. And as far as I m concerned, I m very thankful that he let go of a large number of people because now we have a smaller payroll. He continued:  There s no real reason for them to go back. So I greatly appreciate the fact that they have been able to cut our payroll for the United States. We ll save a lot of money. THE TRUTH IS THAT THE CNN PANEL KNOWS NOTHING! THE TRUTH IS THAT MOST OF THESE EMPLOYEES ARE RUSSIAN!SOURCE: BBC",0
10175,"WATCH: CONSERVATIVE SOCIAL MEDIA GIANT Announces, “I’M DONE!” After Facebook Banned Him For Video He Posted 18 Months Ago, YouTube Takes Away Earnings For Criticizing Islam","Hilarious and spot-on conservative, social-media giant, Paul Joseph Watson announced on Twitter that he was  done! . After waking up to discover that Facebook banned him for a parody video that made fun of feminism that he posted over 18 months ago, Watson had had enough!YouTube has been banning pro-Trump videos. Watson mentioned the dynamic pro-Trump duo Diamond and Silk and how they re talking about filing a class-action suit against YouTube for demonetizing their videos because all of their advertisers may not agree with their (pro-Trump) views. Watson claims YouTube has demonetized every single video he s made that criticized Islam.Watson says he needs to  seriously think about whether it s worth investing hundreds and hundreds of hours my time every year into something that could completely disappear when I wake up tomorrow morning. I ll probably ride it until the wheels fall off, but this is it for now. We defeated Hillary. We hit a million subscribers. We had a good run. Better to burn out than to fade away Watch:",0
10176,Conservative CNN Guest Commentator Mocks Liberal on Twitter…CNN Twists What He Said to Make it Look Like He’s Pro-Nazi…Severs Ties With Him,"Mocking a liberal snowflake is never a good idea..CNN severed ties with Jeffrey Lord on Thursday, hours after he ignited controversy by tweeting the words  Sieg Heil!  at a prominent liberal activist.A CNN spokesman said:  Nazi salutes are indefensible. Jeffrey Lord is no longer with the network. The problem is that Lord was responding to the Stazi tactics of the speech police known as Media Matters. Lord said his tweet was misunderstood. He said he was mocking fascists, not acting like one. I love CNN, but I feel they are caving to bullies here,  he said in a telephone interview shortly after the network s decision was announced.Lord said his contract was set to expire at the end of the year. He said he greatly respected CNN management despite disagreeing with the decision.We re guessing the liberal is unable to tell the difference between  a mocking gesture and a serious one ",0
10177,YOUTUBE Gives Disgusting Reason For Pulling 95% Of Ad Revenue From Outspoken President Trump Fans Diamond and Silk: Videos “Not suitable for all advertisers”,"Lynnette Hardway and Rochelle Richardson of North Carolina, whose support of Mr. Trump and no-nonsense delivery during the 2016 U.S. presidential season turned them into online sensations, said Thursday their YouTube videos have become casualties of the company s attempt to silence  extremism. .@YouTube @TeamYouTube stopped over 95% percent of our videos from being monetized, stating: ""It's Not Suitable For All Advertisers"" .. pic.twitter.com/qDpaL8A4ec  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) August 10, 2017 @YouTube @TeamYouTube stopped over 95% percent of our videos from being monetized, stating:  It s Not Suitable For All Advertisers,  the two said in a series of tweets.  Wonder if @YouTube @TeamYouTube stopped the monetization of our videos because we are loyal supporters of the @POTUS. Hummmm.Sounds like Censorship to us, which is a Violation of our First Amendment. A Bias Method used to Silence our Conservative Voices. @YouTube, how was it OK to monetize our videos for the past two years and now those same videos are no longer eligible for monetization? Here s an example of the hilarious commentary by Diamond and Silk who are voracious defenders of Donald Trump. Watch as they hammer Megyn Kelly for her demonization of then candidate Trump:News of the largely demonetized channel comes less than two weeks since the company announced plans to fight inappropriate content.  Washington Times",0
10178,WOW! FORMER NSA EXPERTS REPORT: Russians DID NOT Hack DNC Servers…It Was A LEAK…An INSIDE JOB By Someone With Access To DNC’s System,"It is now a year since the Democratic National Committee s mail system was compromised a year since events in the spring and early summer of 2016 were identified as remote hacks and, in short order, attributed to Russians acting in behalf of Donald Trump. A great edifice has been erected during this time.President Trump, members of his family, and numerous people around him stand accused of various corruptions and extensive collusion with Russians. Half a dozen simultaneous investigations proceed into these matters. Last week news broke that Special Counsel Robert Mueller had convened a grand jury, which issued its first subpoenas on August 3. Allegations of treason are common; prominent political figures and many media cultivate a case for impeachment.The president s ability to conduct foreign policy, notably but not only with regard to Russia, is now crippled. Forced into a corner and having no choice, Trump just signed legislation imposing severe new sanctions on Russia and European companies working with it on pipeline projects vital to Russia s energy sector. Striking this close to the core of another nation s economy is customarily considered an act of war, we must not forget. In retaliation, Moscow has announced that the United States must cut its embassy staff by roughly two-thirds. All sides agree that relations between the United States and Russia are now as fragile as they were during some of the Cold War s worst moments. To suggest that military conflict between two nuclear powers inches ever closer can no longer be dismissed as hyperbole.All this was set in motion when the DNC s mail server was first violated in the spring of 2016 and by subsequent assertions that Russians were behind that  hack  and another such operation, also described as a Russian hack, on July 5. These are the foundation stones of the edifice just outlined. The evolution of public discourse in the year since is worthy of scholarly study: Possibilities became allegations, and these became probabilities. Then the probabilities turned into certainties, and these evolved into what are now taken to be established truths. By my reckoning, it required a few days to a few weeks to advance from each of these stages to the next. This was accomplished via the indefensibly corrupt manipulations of language repeated incessantly in our leading media.There was no hack of the Democratic National Committee s system on July 5 last year not by the Russians, not by anyone else.Hard science now demonstrates it was a leak a download executed locally with a memory key or a similarly portable data-storage device.In short, it was an inside job by someone with access to the DNC s system. This casts serious doubt on the initial  hack,  as alleged, that led to the very consequential publication of a large store of documents on WikiLeaks last summer.Forensic investigations of documents made public two weeks prior to the July 5 leak by the person or entity known as Guccifer 2.0 show that they were fraudulent: Before Guccifer posted them they were adulterated by cutting and pasting them into a blank template that had Russian as its default language. Guccifer took responsibility on June 15 for an intrusion the DNC reported on June 14 and professed to be a WikiLeaks source claims essential to the official narrative implicating Russia in what was soon cast as an extensive hacking operation. To put the point simply, forensic science now devastates this narrative.This article is based on an examination of the documents these forensic experts and intelligence analysts have produced, notably the key papers written over the past several weeks, as well as detailed interviews with many of those conducting investigations and now drawing conclusions from them. Before proceeding into this material, several points bear noting.Qualified experts working independently of one another began to examine the DNC case immediately after the July 2016 events. Prominent among these is a group comprising former intelligence officers, almost all of whom previously occupied senior positions. Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity (VIPS), founded in 2003, now has 30 members, including a few associates with backgrounds in national-security fields other than intelligence. The chief researchers active on the DNC case are four: William Binney, formerly the NSA s technical director for world geopolitical and military analysis and designer of many agency programs now in use; Kirk Wiebe, formerly a senior analyst at the NSA s SIGINT Automation Research Center; Edward Loomis, formerly technical director in the NSA s Office of Signal Processing; and Ray McGovern, an intelligence analyst for nearly three decades and formerly chief of the CIA s Soviet Foreign Policy Branch. Most of these men have decades of experience in matters concerning Russian intelligence and the related technologies. This article reflects numerous interviews with all of them conducted in person, via Skype, or by telephone.The customary VIPS format is an open letter, typically addressed to the president. The group has written three such letters on the DNC incident, all of which were first published by Robert Parry at www.consortiumnews.com. Here is the latest, dated July 24; it blueprints the forensic work this article explores in detail. They have all argued that the hack theory is wrong and that a locally executed leak is the far more likely explanation. In a letter to Barack Obama dated January 17, three days before he left office, the group explained that the NSA s known programs are fully capable of capturing all electronic transfers of data.  We strongly suggest that you ask NSA for any evidence it may have indicating that the results of Russian hacking were given to WikiLeaks,  the letter said.  If NSA cannot produce such evidence and quickly this would probably mean it does not have any. Forensicator s first decisive findings, made public in the paper dated July 9, concerned the volume of the supposedly hacked material and what is called the transfer rate the time a remote hack would require. The metadata established several facts in this regard with granular precision: On the evening of July 5, 2016, 1,976 megabytes of data were downloaded from the DNC s server. The operation took 87 seconds. This yields a transfer rate of 22.7 megabytes per second.These statistics are matters of record and essential to disproving the hack theory. No Internet service provider, such as a hacker would have had to use in mid-2016, was capable of downloading data at this speed. Compounding this contradiction, Guccifer claimed to have run his hack from Romania, which, for numerous reasons technically called delivery overheads, would slow down the speed of a hack even further from maximum achievable speeds.In addition, there is the adulteration of the documents Guccifer 2.0 posted on June 15, when he made his first appearance. This came to light when researchers penetrated what Folden calls Guccifer s top layer of metadata and analyzed what was in the layers beneath. They found that the first five files Guccifer made public had each been run, via ordinary cut-and-paste, through a single template that effectively immersed them in what could plausibly be cast as Russian fingerprints. They were not: The Russian markings were artificially inserted prior to posting.  It s clear,  another forensics investigator self-identified as HET, wrote in a report on this question,  that metadata was deliberately altered and documents were deliberately pasted into a Russianified [W]ord document with Russian language settings and style headings. VIPS has assembled a chronology that imposes a persuasive logic on the complex succession of events just reviewed. It is this:On June 12 last year, Julian Assange announced that WikiLeaks had and would publish documents pertinent to Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign.On June 14, CrowdStrike, a cyber-security firm hired by the DNC, announced, without providing evidence, that it had found malware on DNC servers and had evidence that Russians were responsible for planting it.On June 15, Guccifer 2.0 first appeared, took responsibility for the  hack  reported on June 14 and claimed to be a WikiLeaks source. It then posted the adulterated documents just described.On July 5, Guccifer again claimed he had remotely hacked DNC servers, and the operation was instantly described as another intrusion attributable to Russia. Virtually no media questioned this account.It does not require too much thought to read into this sequence. With his June 12 announcement, Assange effectively put the DNC on notice that it had a little time, probably not much, to act preemptively against the imminent publication of damaging documents. Did the DNC quickly conjure Guccifer from thin air to create a cyber-saboteur whose fingers point to Russia? There is no evidence of this one way or the other, but emphatically it is legitimate to pose the question in the context of the VIPS chronology. WikiLeaks began publishing on July 22. By that time, the case alleging Russian interference in the 2016 elections process was taking firm root. In short order Assange would be written down as a  Russian agent. See Wikileaks founder Julian Assange s interview about the possibility of Seth Rich being the DNC leaker near bottom of the article. Behind the ICA lie other indefensible realities. The FBI has never examined the DNC s computer servers an omission that is beyond preposterous. It has instead relied on the reports produced by Crowdstrike, a firm that drips with conflicting interests well beyond the fact that it is in the DNC s employ. Dmitri Alperovitch, its co-founder and chief technology officer, is on the record as vigorously anti-Russian. He is a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council, which suffers the same prejudice. Problems such as this are many. We continue to stand by our report,  CrowdStrike said, upon seeing the VIPS blueprint of the investigation. CrowdStrike argues that by July 5 all malware had been removed from the DNC s computers. But the presence or absence of malware by that time is entirely immaterial, because the event of July 5 is proven to have been a leak and not a hack. Given that malware has nothing to do with leaks, CrowdStrike s logic appears to be circular.Click HERE for the entire THE NATION article.  h/t Gateway Pundit Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has strongly hinted that the source for the DNC emails he released was Seth Rich. In this interview with Julian Assange, he seems to suggest on Dutch television program Nieuwsuur that Seth Rich was the source for the Wikileaks-exposed DNC emails and was murdered:",0
10179,PRICELESS! TRUMP’S ANSWER About Putin Firing U.S. Embassy Employees Will Make Your Day! [Video],"This is priceless! President Trump just gave the best response ever to a reporter s question! He said he wanted to thank Russian President Vladimir Putin for reducing his payroll by firing U.S. embassy staff in Moscow. Hysterical and so quick! Watch how Trump doesn t skip a beat with his response:After Sanctions on Russia were put in place in July, Putin ordered 755 embassy personnel out of Russia.President Trump was asked today during a press conference what he thought of the firing. His response was quick and decisive. He said he wanted to thank Putin for the firing: No. I want to thank him, because we re trying to cut down on payroll. And as far as I m concerned, I m very thankful that he let go of a large number of people because now we have a smaller payroll. He continued:  There s no real reason for them to go back. So I greatly appreciate the fact that they have been able to cut our payroll for the United States. We ll save a lot of money. AWESOME!",0
10180,OKLAHOMA Supreme Court Rules Punishing Smokers With Cigarette Tax “Unconstitutional”…Lawmakers Forced To Fill SHOCKING Hole In State Budget,"OKLAHOMA CITY   The Oklahoma Supreme Court ruled the cigarette tax passed late in the legislative session unconstitutional Thursday morning.The tax was expected to bring in more than $200 million of revenue for the state budget by tacking on an extra $1.50 per pack of cigarettes. The budget was planned and passed assuming the tax would hold.The tax was originally passed after the deadline for revenue raising bills, but Republican lawmakers tried to eke it through as a fee. A tax would have required a three-fourths majority to pass. Justices on Thursday ruled that, because the funds raised could be used for non-smoking related programs, the bill could not go through as a regulatory fee.The State now has a week to seek a rehearing. If it does not, the ruling is final.Gov. Mary Fallin issued a response to the Supreme Court s ruling:I am disappointed to hear the Supreme Court struck down the smoking cessation fee, but I certainly respect the justices  authority. I will be discussing with legislative leaders from both parties the need to address the $215 million shortfall this will create for the Department of Human Services, the Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services and the Oklahoma Health Care Authority, the three agencies that received the bulk of the money that was to be generated by the cessation fee.These agencies and the people they serve cannot sustain the kind of cuts that will occur if we do not find a solution. My belief is we will have to come into special session to address this issue.House Minority Leader Scott Inman released the following statement on the ruling:Once again, Governor Fallin and Republican legislators have failed Oklahoma. My caucus and I sounded every alarm bell we could to stop this from happening, yet here we are, just as we warned.Today, I m urging Governor Fallin to call for a special session and for Republican leaders to come together with myself and Sen. Sparks and draft a truly bipartisan and constitutional budget plan that will help to restore, reinvest in, and rebuild Oklahoma.With our state agencies facing more budget cuts and with even more rulings waiting, the time is now to work out a budget agreement before a special session of the legislature. By coming together now and putting a plan in place, we can save precious time and taxpayer dollars to fix the mess that their failed leadership has put us in because of their failed policies to cut taxes for the wealthy and well-connected.This cigarette tax was just a Band-Aid put on their gaping wound of a budget hole. Schools are down to 4-day weeks, hospitals are closing down, and public safety is in a crisis, not because cigarettes are too cheap, but because Republican policies benefitting their donors have failed us.For entire story: News 9",0
10181,HA! WHAT MAXINE WATERS Says We Must Give North Korea to Keep the Peace [Video],"Maxine Waters told a TMZ reporter that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson should put threats aside and appease North Korea by giving them the  things that they re asking for . She responded as she was leaving an upscale steakhouse in Beverly Hills. She told the reporter that we can t afford to go to war. Pretty rich for a person who wants to spend unlimited amounts on everything else BUT what s MOST important to the U.S DEFENSE! I want us to be very careful, very alert to what is happening and to avoid war. I think we can do this with some diplomacy, but we have got to have Tillerson, who is our secretary of state, get those positions filled for deputy, for assistant, so that we can engage with North Korea. I think there s some things that they want from us, and we have to find out whether or not we can work with them on the things that they re asking for. This is exactly what Obama did for 8 years! It s exactly why we re in this position today!Read more: WFB",0
10182,UPDATE ON 9/11 MEMORIAL Banned for “Triggering” College Snowflakes,"Great news! Southern Methodist University in Texas has reversed its decision to relocate an annual 9/11 memorial display made up of nearly 3,000 American flags to a less prominent part of campus after facing backlash from student groups.A huge thank you to The Young Americans for Freedom group! They had a hand in making this happen! They also were the ones who had set up the tribute honoring the victims of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on SMU s Dallas Hall Lawn every year since 2010.But in July officials informed the group to move the display to Morrison-McGinnis Park because Dallas Hall Lawn is used for classes and a variety of events, said university spokesman Kent Best.SMU officials also had adopted a policy to ensure displays didn t include  harmful or triggering  messages, but they later removed the language from the then-policy as inappropriate. By that time, though, some student groups said the new policy was an attack on free speech. I don t believe it s the responsibility of the university to shield individuals from certain ideas that they might be offended by,  said Grant Wolf, the leader of the Young Americans for Freedom group, according to Dallas News. Wolf, along with other leaders from campus groups, sent a letter to university President R. Gerald Turner to express their frustration with the policy.  People absolutely have to have a right to their own opinions, but this does not come with a right to be shielded from opposing ideas, especially in an environment dedicated to the learning, sharing and developing of new ideas,  they wrote.They decried the relocation of the memorial. Moving the 9/11 memorial to an out of the way park is almost the same as not allowing it, said Heather Hall, president of the university s Turning Point USA chapter.  That s not free speech,  Hall said.  That s not American. That s definitely not what SMU stands for.   Read more:  Daily MailOUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THIS BAN: The shocker about this is that students on both sides of the political spectrum want the 9/11 flags to be displayed where they ve always been displayed. The inability of college campuses to stand up to people who are perpetually offended is a sad statement on where we are in American tolerance these days. It s so ironic that the left wants you to march to their drum beat or else they will destroy you. Note to SMU: You had a good thing going with your student body coming together to memorialize 9/11 so let it continue!DALLAS, Tex.   In a time of extreme political divide, students both Republican and Democrat at one Texas college have found something they can agree on.For the past two years at Southern Methodist University, a campus group has planted thousands of American flags in front of Dallas Hall as a memorial to the victims of the 9/11 attacks. That s simply contradictory to the very definition of free speech,  said Grant Wolf, the Young Americans for Freedom Chairman.But in July, SMU changed its policy, saying student groups can no longer have displays there.The lawn has historically hosted tributes and protests from students of all political affiliations. The leaders of two prominent student groups say the policy violates their right to free speech. They re basically cornering us into a segment of campus and saying you re not allowed to have a display here because it s triggering, harmful or offensive to students over there,  said Drew Wicker, the President of SMU College Republicans.SMU released a statement saying nearby Momac Park, where displays will be allowed, is larger than the lawn and is along one of the most prominent drives on campus.The university said it  respects the rights of all campus community members to express their opinions, as well as their right to be free from coercion or harassment. Via: Fox 5 Atlanta",0
10183,"WATCH: CNN DOES SEGMENT From Bunker In Hawaii, Tells Viewers Hawaii’s Been Preparing For Nuclear Strike Since Trump Took Office…CNN’s Best Survival Tip: “FIND A CAVE”","CNN host Erin Burnett started out her segment on the threat of a nuclear attack by North Korea by explaining to her (very small) audience the danger Hawaii could face if nuclear North Korea, (the same nation Obama left ignored for 8 years), decided to strike Hawaii:  Guam of course, is not the only island within striking distance of North Korea. Another potential target within Kim Jong Un s range is Hawaii, which is where Sarah Sidner is live tonight. She s inside a bunker in Honolulu which houses the emergency center s state warning point.  Of course, there was no mention in Burnett s dramatic warning to her viewers of how Obama ignored the the very real nuclear threat that North Korea posed to the United States, or that President Trump was left to deal with a serious issue that President Bill Clinton bragged about handling while he was in office.Sidner went on to explain the very real threat that North Korea posed to the island of Hawaii and how Hawaiian officials there have been preparing for (here s the magic number)  at least seven months  (which, not surprisingly is about exactly the time that President Trump was inaugurated).Sidner then went on to explain that if a nuclear attack did take place on the island that not everyone would be affected. She explained to viewers in Hawaii, that if a nuclear missile was about to strike, they should get out of their cars and move to the inside of a building or their home, or find a cave. Find a cave?Watch the exchange here: Missile launch from North Korea to Hawaii is 20 mins. To create fear, @CNN reports from an underground bunker. https://t.co/Ylr5jbnk8k   A.D. WHITMAN  (@AD_WHITMAN) August 9, 2017",0
10184,FEDERAL JUDGE Just Delivered Bad News to Hillary Clinton About the Missing Benghazi Emails,"Great news! A federal judge just ordered the State Department to make another attempt at locating Hillary Clinton s missing emails about the 2012 Benghazi terrorist attack. The interesting thing is that the judge is an Obama appointee who ruled with Judicial Watch. DIDN T DO ENOUGH .U.S. District Court Judge Amit Mehta ruled Tuesday that the State Department did not do enough to  track down messages Clinton may have sent about the assault on the U.S. diplomatic compound on Sept. 11, 2012   an attack that killed four Americans, including the U.S. ambassador to Libya,  Politico reported:In response to Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests, State searched the roughly 30,000 messages Clinton turned over to her former agency at its request in December 2014 after officials searching for Benghazi-related records realized she had used a personal email account during her four-year tenure as secretary.State later searched tens of thousands of emails handed over to the agency by three former top aides to Clinton: Huma Abedin, Cheryl Mills and Jake Sullivan. Finally, State searched a collection of emails the FBI assembled when it was investigating Clinton s use of the private account and server.In all, State found 348 Benghazi-related messages or documents that were sent to or from Clinton in a period of nearly five months after the attack.Judicial Watch, a conservative watchdog group, said the State Department s initial search was not good enough because it didn t search the email accounts of Clinton s top aides for relevant messages pertaining to Benghazi.Mehta, an appointee of former President Barack Obama, agreed with Judicial Watch in a 10-page ruling. To date, State has searched only data compilations originating from outside sources   Secretary Clinton, her former aides, and the FBI.   It has not, however, searched the one records system over which it has always had control and that is almost certain to contain some responsive records: the state.gov e-mail server,  Mehta wrote.",0
10185,BRIAN WILLIAMS: It’s ‘Our Job’ to ‘Scare People To Death’ Over North Korea [Video],"MSNBC s Brian Williams spoke the truth on Tuesday night when he said that it is the media s job to  scare people to death  over North Korea. Wow! These are the first true words this serial liar has spoken in years!Williams commented that he thought Secretary of State Rex Tillerson s tone was different from President Trump s North Korea stance.Andrea Mitchell couldn t wait to jump in and criticize Trump:  There s pressure. This could have been a signal to Beijing as well;  Listen up, take this seriously.  It could have been President Trump sending signals in a number of directions. The next comment from Mitchell is hysterical because she uses two of the most anti-Trump people in Congress to say that even they criticized Trump s tone:  Senators Dianne Feinstein and John  Songbird  McCain wouldn t respond positively to pretty much anything that Trump said.Brian Williams then delivered his truth bomb:  Malcolm, our job tonight actually is to scare people to death on this subject so the talk isn t as free as it is about a preemptive or a surgical military strike. You know that part of the world. The population centers, Andrea and the General have talked about, South Korea, the Japanese, and so on and so on. What was Williams thinking? He let the cat out of the bag and actually told the truth. The lefty media is frothing at the mouth to make President Trump out to be clueless on strategy when in reality Trump is a master strategist! He s also surrounded himself with great military leaders!Would this crew of armchair quarterbacks want Trump to do what previous leaders did and kick the can down the road? It s no thanks to those weak kneed leaders that we re in the position we re in now with North Korea! ",0
10186,BOOM! FOX NEWS HOST ERIC BOLLING Hits Back With $50 Million Defamation Suit Against Huffington Post Reporter Over Sexting Story,"Bolling tweeted a couple of messages, thanking his supporters who are standing by Bolling, as Huffington Post reporter Yashar Ali goes for the jugular Overwhelmed by all the support I have received. Thank youI look forward to clearing my name asap  Eric Bolling (@ericbolling) August 7, 2017In this tweet, Bolling claims that the accusations against him are  false smear attacks! I will continue to fight against these false smear attacks! THANK YOU FOR CONTINUED SUPPORT  Eric Bolling (@ericbolling) August 9, 2017The Hill   Fox News host Eric Bolling is reportedly suing the Huffington Post reporter who broke a story last week that included several female co-workers claiming Bolling sent them lewd photos. Just received a summons. Eric Bolling is suing me for defamation   $50 million in damages,   Yashar Ali, a HuffPost contributing writer, tweeted to his 140,000 Twitter followers on Wednesday.  I stand by my reporting + will protect my sources. Just received a summons. Eric Bolling is suing me for defamation   $50 million in damages. I stand by my reporting + will protect my sources  Yashar Ali   (@yashar) August 9, 2017Ali clarifies in his next post that Bolling is suing him and NOT the Huffington Post:It's important to note that Bolling's summons does not include HuffPost   he is coming after me personally. I'm a big boy but very telling https://t.co/nvludsIV87  Yashar Ali   (@yashar) August 9, 2017Not going to stop reporting on Eric Bolling or anyone else. I've had family members killed/jailed in Iran, a lawsuit isn't going to scare me https://t.co/nvludsIV87  Yashar Ali   (@yashar) August 9, 2017 The nature of this action is for damages and injunctive relief based on defamation arising from the defendant s efforts to injure the plaintiff s reputation through the intentional and/or highly reckless publication of actionable false and misleading statements about the plaintiff s conduct and character. As a result of the defendant s actions, the plaintiff has been substantially harmed,  reads the summons sent to Ali.The editor in chief of The Huffington Post tweeted that the outlet will be  standing by  Ali in the case.Yashar Ali is a paid freelancer under contract with HuffPost. We have no hesitation about standing by him financially in this case.  Lydia Polgreen (@lpolgreen) August 9, 2017HuffPost says they have ""no hesitation"" to financially stand by @yashar in @ericbolling case  Hadas Gold (@Hadas_Gold) August 10, 2017",0
10187,BREAKING NEWS: GENERAL MATTIS Issues Fiery Warning To N. Korea’s Kim Jong Un…STAND DOWN Or Face “End of Its Regime…Destruction of Its People”,"President Trump put North Korea s brutal dictator on notice yesterday, warning Kim Jong Un that North Korea best not make any more threats to the United States   they will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen .President Trump sent this message on Twitter this morning. He was clearly letting the world know we are not planning to allow North Korea to threaten  the most powerful nation in the world : Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 9, 2017The Korean People s Army responded to Trump s warning by saying the strike plan would be  put into practice in a multi-current and consecutive way any moment . They went on to say, The KPA strategic force is now carefully examining the operational plan for making an enveloping fire at the areas around Guam with medium-to-long-range strategic ballistic rocket Hwasong-12 in order to contain the US major military bases on Guam, including the Andersen Air Force base,  said the KPA, referring to a missile it first tested in May. US strategic bombers  threaten and blackmail [North Korea] through their frequent visits to the sky above South Korea , the KPA added.  It is a daydream for the US to think that its mainland is an invulnerable heavenly kingdom. Today, U.S. Secretary of Defense James Mattis weighed in, as he issued a fiery warning to North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un, urging him to put an end to any  actions that would lead to the end  of the rogue regime  and the destruction of its people. The DPRK must choose to stop isolating itself and stand down its pursuit of nuclear weapons,  Mattis said in a statement.  The DPRK should cease any consideration of actions that would lead to the end of its regime and the destruction of its people. He went on to say that President Trump since before taking office has been fully aware of the threat that North Korea s nuclear and missile programs pose. President Trump was informed of the growing threat last December and on taking office his first orders to me emphasized the readiness of our ballistic missile defense and nuclear deterrent forces,  Mattis continued.  While our State Department is making every effort to resolve this global threat through diplomatic means, it must be noted that the combined allied militaries now possess the most precise, rehearsed and robust defensive and offensive capabilities on Earth. The DPRK regime s actions will continue to be grossly overmatched by ours and would lose any arms race or conflict it initiates.  MRCTV",0
10188,WOW! ATLANTA GYM OWNER BANS COPS…Makes ‘No Apologies’ For Policy or Sign (Video),"It s one thing to have the media constantly painting police officers in a bad light on a near daily basis. But it s entirely another thing to have civilians discriminating against them on completely illegitimate grounds. This is exactly what happened this week when Jim Chambers, owner of the EAV Barbell Club in Atlanta, posted a sign on the front of his gym forbidding police officers.The message that the sign conveys alone is upsetting. But the expletives included make it an even more shocking and vulgar. While the sign is no longer posted on his gym s door, Chambers continue to stand by it. We ve had an explicitly stated  No Cop  policy since we opened, and we also don t open membership to active members of the military,  he said.As a lifelong political activist, Chamber says that his sign and policy serves as a political statement. He says groups who work out there are generally minorities who are uncomfortable with the presence of law enforcement agents. Chambers claimed that if any police officials had a warrant, they could do their job but that he is  not breaking the law. Chambers insists that they never have, and won t ever need the help of officers. He plans to put the  No Cop  sign back up without the foul language.When asked to comment, lawyers found the policy strange, but said because law enforcement officers are not a protected class under the law, only the courts can decide if EAV Barbell Club is violating any anti-discrimination laws. When asked to comment on the incident, the Atlanta Police Department stated,  Were we to respond to an emergency there, this sign would not stop us from lawfully doing our job. Read more: The Gateway Pundit ",0
10189,WATCH: REMEMBER When President Clinton Took Credit for ENDING NUCLEAR THREATS from North Korea?,"Bill Clinton was falsely confident in his plan to end North Korea s nuclear threat with diplomacy. Over 20 years later, his efforts, along with those of every president succeeding him, have been futile.Every president since Clinton has allowed North Korea s nuclear ambitions to go unchecked. Perhaps now that North Korea allegedly has the capability of striking our mainland, America really needs is a president who is willing to stand up to North Korea s brutal dictator and let him know he s not playing with Barack Obama anymore.Will President Trump be the one to finally put an end to North Korea s threatening rhetoric by refusing to ignore Kim Jong Un s threats?North Korea now has an intercontinental ballistic missile that can range most of the continental U.S., and a new Defense Intelligence Agency assessment suggests that North Korea has successfully miniaturized nuclear warheads for its missiles.In the early 1990s, Clinton faced a growing nuclear threat from North Korea, but he ultimately chose diplomacy and deals over the application of military force. I was determined to prevent North Korea from developing a nuclear arsenal, even at the risk of war,  Clinton wrote in his memoirs. He decided to change course after receiving  a sobering estimate of the staggering losses both sides would suffer if war broke out. Watch Clinton brag about his great success with North Korea:NKorea Flashback: Bill Clinton on his deal with North Korea ""The world will be safer."" Whoops. pic.twitter.com/HDf86yqbEq  Mark Dice (@MarkDice) August 8, 2017Clinton chose the Agreed Framework, promising billions of dollars in aid for a North Korean nuclear freeze. This is a good deal for the United States,  he said at the time.  North Korea will freeze and then dismantle its nuclear program. South Korea and our other allies will be better protected. The entire world will be safer as we slow the spread of nuclear weapons. The North Koreans negotiated in bad faith, however, offering false promises to convince the U.S. to unwittingly subsidize their nuclear program. The country began enriching nuclear material, and North Korea conducted its first nuclear test a little over a decade later. North Korea has since continued its steady march to becoming a fully-armed nuclear power. Evidence suggests that North Korea will achieve its nuclear weapons goals much sooner than analysts and experts previously expected.North Korea advanced its program throughout the Bush and Obama administrations, bringing the U.S. to the risky situation it now faces. North Korea best not make any more threats to the United States,  Donald Trump declared to the White House press pool Tuesday.  They will be met with the fire and fury like the world has never seen. He has been very threatening beyond a normal state, and as I said, they will be met with the fire and fury and, frankly, power the likes of which this world has never seen before. While the casualty count in a North Korean crisis might have been high in the 1990s, the cost of a conflict now that North Korea has nuclear weapons would be in the millions.  The Daily Caller",0
10190,CANADA SENDS TROOPS TO U.S. BORDER To Deal With Illegals and Asylum Seekers Running From Trump’s New Policies On Immigration,"Immediately following President Trump s inauguration, liberal Prime Minister Justin Trudeau took to Twitter to invite America s refugees and illegal immigrants to Canada. It was meant to be a jab at our new president after he promised to make it tougher for illegal aliens to cross our borders and for unvetted or poorly vetted refugees coming from terror hotbed nations to become guests of taxpaying Americans.It looks like Trudeau may have bitten off a little more than he could chew, as now he s forced to send troops to the northern US-Canada border in response to the overwhelming flow of asylum seekers into Canada.Canadian taxpayers will now be paying the price, as they ll be forced to house, feed, clothe, and provide free education to illegal aliens or asylum seekers coming from the US, who fear they won t be allowed to stay under the tougher guidelines the Trump administration is working to put in place. Canadian citizens must surely feel less safe with this huge increase in illegal border crossings, many of whom don t have proper documentation from their nation of origin.Illegal  refugees  have been flooding the 49th parallel from all over America to ILLEGALLY cross into Canada. According to Rebel Media s report, this is a well-organized effort with an American cab company and Greyhound as well as US and Canadian border agents working together to help loosely vetted illegal  fake refugees  cross the border from the US into Canada.Watch this incredible investigative report that was filmed by Rebel Media showing how the Canadian government has basically been complicit in a  fake refugee  human trafficking ring:  Canada has now been forced to send soldiers in to help keep up with the flow of illegals and asylum seekers through their porous northern borders with the U.S. But do they have any intention of sending any of them back to the US? Miami Herald Canada has sent about 100 soldiers to a remote spot on the Quebec-New York border where asylum seekers are crossing illegally.The Canadian military said in a statement Wednesday that the soldiers will help the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the Canada Border Services Agency at the site.They are preparing a place for tents that can hold almost 500 people. They will also install lighting and heating equipment.The military says the soldiers won t play a role in security and won t be helping with law enforcement.The migrants fear the U.S. is becoming less welcoming and have decided to try their luck seeking asylum in Canada. Officials estimate that 400 people crossed the border at the site on Sunday alone.Thousands of migrants are fleeing the United States for Canada via a remote back road in upstate New York.The Canadians arrest the migrants as soon as they step across the border. But the migrants prefer to take a chance by seeking asylum in Canada rather than risk being deported from the United States.Canadian police have set up a reception center on their side of the border. It includes tents where migrants are processed before they are turned over to the government agency that handles their applications for refuge. ",0
10191,HA-HA! RETIRED MARINE TROLLS LIBERAL NEW YORKERS…Says POTUS Is ‘Tough Love’ We Need [Video],"It s always a win-win when you can find a hobby you enjoy, especially when it allows you to get some exercise and enjoy the nice summer weather. This retired Marine hit the jackpot by finding a way to keep himself entertained and fit during retirement: trolling New York liberals by boat.Nearly every day, Dion Cini will row down the Hudson River while flying a  Trump 2020  flag to incite the frustration of New Yorkers, a group who overwhelmingly voted for Hillary Clinton this past election.This retired Marine can t get enough of the responses he gets from people who spot him rowing around Manhattan. Sometimes you hear  I hope you get hit by a boat! I hope you drown!  he said.  From the top of their lungs as loud as they can. It can be from the edge of the river. It can be from cars driving by on the river. It can be from windows. I get it all the time and then I get it even on rooftop bars. Cini calls himself an  ultra-conservative  and thinks that Americans need a  wake-up call.   He said,  I call it tough love. (President) Trump is tough love. Cini recalled being told to leave Washington Square Park with his flag because it was  not conservative land  but he vowed that no one would stop him.Luckily, these angry New Yorkers haven t swayed Cini one bit. He s considering getting a bigger flag spanning twenty feet. And a bigger boat. Despite his retirement, it s inspiring to see that this Marine s devotion to patriotism hasn t wavered.Read more: BizPac Review",0
10192,WOW! WATCH GEN MCINERNEY Drop Shocking “Songbird” Nickname On Senator John McCain [Video],"GENERAL MCINERNEY IS ON FIRE IN THIS INTERVIEW! General McInerney is calling for President Trump to prepare for war with North Korea and calls this Trump s  Cuban Missile Crisis . Mid-interview (the 1:50 point) is when General McInerney drops the  Songbird  nickname Wow!You can tell their is no love lost between the General and McCain. Why did he call McCain songbird? Many believe that John  Songbird  McCain spilled his guts to get out of being tortured. There is evidence that McCain received  special  medical treatment from a Soviet physician and other  considerations  to avoid being tortured just so he could come home.No one disputes that McCain was a Vietnam POW, he spent 5  years in captivity in North Vietnam when he was shot down in his Skyhawk dive bomber on Oct. 26, 1967, and was taken prisoner with fractures in his right leg and both arms.Despite the notoriety he received upon his return he has been the subject of damning articles, and criticism by other veterans, and for good reason. McCain has a lot to hide, and has gone to great length to keep what happened in Vietnam a secret.He voted against a bill that was otherwise unanimously passed that would have released sealed records that would have revealed what happened in Vietnam, presumably because those records would have confirmed his dishonorable actions. Read more: TU",0
10193,"MEDIA SPIN ALERT! FBI Does a “Predawn Raid” on Paul Manafort? Not Hillary, Rice, Lynch or Powers?","Why is the news just breaking that former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort s home was raised by the FBI on JULY 26TH? Why would WaPo release this info now? While we have serious questions about the timing of this pseudo  Breaking  and  Developing  news, we have more serious questions on why none of the Obama criminals have also been treated to a raid by the FBI?  FBI agents raided the Virginia home of Paul Manafort, President Trump s former campaign chairman in late July, taking documents and other materials related to the *investigation into Russia s meddling in the 2016 election, The Washington Post reported.*AFTER ONE ENTIRE YEAR OF INVESTIGATIONS, THEY HAVE NOTHING!Armed with a search warrant, federal agents went to Manafort s Alexandria home during the predawn hours of July 26   one day after he met voluntarily with members of the Senate Intelligence Committee.The search warrant seems to indicate that investigators may have had reason to believe Manafort could not be trusted to turn over all of the records requested in response to a grand jury subpoena, the Post reported, citing people familiar with the special counsel investigation.Special Counsel Robert Mueller has cranked up the intensity and legal pressure on Manafort on a series of unrelated investigations into various aspects of his personal and professional life.As a lobbyist and political consultant in the 1980s, Manafort worked with international clients including two dictators.Washington Post presumes to know why the FBI would raid Manafort s home but we still see nothing implicating him in any crime. He was Trump s campaign manager for a brief time and had his own past dealing with international clients. This shouldn t be a blip on the radar of the investigation connecting anything to President Trump!Washington Post reported: In many ways, Manafort is squarely in the crosshairs of the Russia-Trump collusion investigation: His brief tenure as the head of Trump s campaign happened as concerns about Russia s meddling in the 2016 election were heating up, he s got high-level connections to Russia in his own right, and he s got a whole host of scrutinized financial dealings that could make him a useful tool for investigators seeking cooperation.We d love to have input on this delayed reporting that has been the big story weeks after! Strange, very strange!FOX NEWS EVEN GOT IN ON THE ACT: Remember that this happened on July 26th!This banner was at the top of the Fox News website!",0
10194,LOL! LEADER OF “Do-Nothing Senate” Mitch McConnell CAUGHT ON VIDEO Whining About President Trump’s “Excessive Expectations” Of Congress,"Speaking at a Rotary Club gathering in Kentucky on Monday, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell vented about how President Donald Trump s lack of political experience has led to him setting  excessive expectations  for legislative priorities.McConnell, R-Ky., told the group in Florence that he found it  extremely irritating  that Congress has earned the reputation of not accomplishing anything. Part of the reason I think that the storyline is that we haven t done much is because, in part, the president and others have set these early timelines about things need to be done by a certain point,  said McConnell, a Republican and the state s senior senator.According to the latest Real Clear Politics poll, Congress currently has a 15% approval rating and a 73.3% disapproval rating. There is no mention anywhere in the poll that President Trump is somehow responsible for Congress  abysmal approval numbers: Trump, a political newcomer, as McConnell noted, has a habit of declaring progress on major priorities that do not necessarily reflect the reality of lawmaking.For example, as the House was in the midst of negotiations about its Obamacare replacement bill in February, Trump announced that Congress was in the  final stages  of its bill and said it would be ready for  submitting  in March. While the House bill was unveiled in March, that chamber didn t vote on it until May, and health care votes continued until the end of July.That sort of disconnect has led to Trump s expressing disappointment when bills   chief among them health care reform   fail to end up on his desk, even though, as with health care, the political reality indicated all along how difficult it was going to be to pass legislation. Our new president, of course, has not been in this line of work before. And I think he had excessive expectations about how quickly things happen in the democratic process,  McConnell told the group.  So part of the reason I think people feel we re underperforming is because too many artificial deadlines   unrelated to the reality of the complexity of legislating   may not have been fully understood.   ABC NewsWATCH:",0
10195,BRILLIANT TRUMP ADVISER: “The Extreme Media” Has Gotten Donald Trump Wrong Since He Announced [Video],"What a treat! Laura Ingraham interviewed President Trump Senior Policy Adviser Stephen Miller tonight:Miller has been spot on from the beginning of his tenure as Senior Adviser to Trump He often  warmed up  the Trump rally crowds with incredibly uplifting speeches. He also gave a great speech about why not to vote for Hillary:Trump spokesperson Stephen Miller just hammers Hillary Clinton! You will love every minute of this!The guy is so dialed in on immigration and what needs to be done to reform it. One million people come into the U.S. yearly! 300K in the 70 s, 500K in the 80 s and now 1 million! NUTS!Ingraham pivots to speak about polls and the media Note that he calls the media the  extreme media LOL! Who doesn t love that new term?Ingraham discusses Trump s agenda and the populist movement. It s about trade, immigration, public safety to help ALL Americans.Uplifing everyone is the key!SOME BACKGROUND ON MILLER S RISE TO TRUMP S INNER CIRCLE:When Jeff Sessions first looked at Stephen Miller, he saw potential in the recent Duke University graduate.Miller, then in his early 20s, took up an offer from the conservative author David Horowitz to visit Capitol Hill to introduce him to members of Congress. Horowitz believed that Miller, who penned conservative columns at Duke and in Horowitz  Front Page Mag, would be a capable D.C. staffer. A meeting with Sessions was on the top of Miller s Washington wish list. What was supposed to be a 15-minute meeting became an hour-long meeting with the senator,  Stephen Boyd, Sessions  former communications director who eventually hired Miller.  Sen. Sessions immediately saw that Stephen Miller was an extraordinary young man who had a deep grasp of conservative politics. It wasn t only Sessions who saw something in Miller.When Donald Trump takes the oath of office on Friday, the 31-year-old Miller will be one of the president s closest confidants, serving as a senior White House advisor. That title, announced last month, comes after Miller worked as a senior policy advisor for the better part of a year on the Trump campaign. Trump also tasked Miller with writing his speech to the Republican National Convention, and initial reports indicated that Miller would be writing the inaugural address. The Trump camp is now saying that the president-elect wrote that one himself, although New York Magazine poked some holes in that claim.While Sessions did not have an opening for Miller at the time of that first meeting nearly 10 years ago, he told Boyd to put him on his radar. He came out and he said to me,  I want you to keep an eye on him and see if he can be a part of our team one day,'  Boyd recalled. After working as a press secretary to two House members, Miller was hired as a communications staffer on the Judiciary Committee, where Sessions was the top Republican. I remember setting up a staff and it was Friday afternoon, and I got the go-ahead to hire a press secretary just to work on Judiciary. [Sessions ] directions were very clear and he and I discussed it   that it was obvious this was a kid with a lot of talent,  Boyd said.Miller would move up the ranks from a Judiciary Committee staffer to press secretary for Sessions  office, eventually rising to communications director when Boyd departed to become chief of staff to Rep. Martha Roby, R-Montgomery, in 2012. Miller could not be reached for this story.On the surface, there didn t seem to be much in common between Sessions, who grew up near Selma, and Miller, who was raised in liberal Southern California.The turning point for Miller came after the Sept. 11 attacks, when he was disgusted with how his high school in Santa Monica ridiculed President George W. Bush and how the liberal-leaning faculty banned conservatives like Horowitz and talk show host Larry Elder from speaking at the school but allowed  leftists and a Communist  to address the student body, according to an interview he gave to the Los Angeles Times. During that dreadful time of national tragedy, anti-Americanism had spread all over the school like a rash,  Miller wrote in a 2003 essay,  How I Changed My Left Wing High School,  which Horowitz published.  The co-principal broadcasted his doubts about the morality of the air strikes against the Taliban to the entire school via the PA system. One teacher even dragged the American flag across the floor as we were sending off brave young men to risk their lives for it. It was then that I first took action, writing to prized radio personality Larry Elder. He invited me to discuss these issues on his program, which immediately drew the ire of the teachers, administrators, and even my fellow students. Their resistance only strengthened my resolve. Miller continued his conservative advocacy at Duke, when he gained attention for defending the white lacrosse players accused of raping a black stripper (the players were ultimately exonerated) at a time when public opinion was against them. His position led to appearances on cable news, further raising his profile. Three of our fellow students are being put on trial not because of evidence but because of a DA s incompetence and malice,  he wrote in the university s student paper.  Sadly, many in the community have shown that they are not fair minded but would rather hunt for witches than search for justice. Miller s writings were one of the main factors in Boyd hiring him. I focused on his material he had written for the other two members of the House. I was very impressed he had a column in college and he was a very good writer,  Boyd recalled.  I was impressed with his intellect, I was impressed with his grasp of politics. I was impressed with his ability to get the core of the matter and articulate it in a way [the public would] understand. Sessions  office later found out that Miller had an uncanny ability to channel the senator s when dealing with the press. Colleagues of Miller s and Sessions  told Politico that the two had a  mind meld,  a quality that Boyd also attested to. Miller has demonstrated an ability to capture the voice of his boss in a way that is very important and also exceeds the ability of most Capitol Hill staff,  Boyd said.That voice was mostly flexed on immigration, where explained Sessions  views to the public.When his boss was accused by pro-immigration groups of being a demagogue for his opposition to an unsuccessful 2010 bill to grant illegal immigrants amnesty for enrolling in college or enlisting in the military, Miller stuck to the issue instead of responding with another attack. The DREAM Act is a proposal for mass amnesty that would even include those who have committed serious criminal offenses,  he told AL.com in November 2010.  It would add millions of newly authorized workers at a time when Americans are struggling with high unemployment and recession. Besides being a conduit between the senator and the media, Miller also played a role on policy matters; he was instrumental in helping Sessions derail the Gang of Eight immigration reform bill in 2014 that would have given illegals a pathway to citizenship. Miller helped put together a briefing book for Republicans filled with talking points and data to bolster their case. We had been working on the ideas in it for months, and Stephen put it in the handbook in a very quick time in a very cogent fashion,  Sessions told Politico.  It was very timely and it impacted the outcome of the vote. Boyd said Miller s involvement on policy was unusual for a communications staffer. It is rare, although in his case I think it speaks to his grasp on the issues and his understanding as they impact the average man and woman,  Boyd said.  There s no doubt that there was a great trust between Sen. Sessions toward Stephen Miller and they made a great team. Miller s having switched to a high-level position on Trump s team at a relatively young age does not come as a shock to Boyd, who said his former colleague has adeptly articulated Trump s views. I think personally that Miller was one of the first people to really understand the deep frustration that the American working class is feeling, their concerns with open borders and trade policies that hurt them more than they help, and also brought an ability to channel that energy toward president-elect Trump,  he said.Steve Bannon, former Breitbart News CEO and Trump s campaign manager who will join Miller in the White House as chief advisor to the president, said Sessions  work in the Senate   with Miller s input   paved the way for Trump s candidacy. Whether the issue was trade or immigration or radical Islam, for many years before Donald Trump came on the scene, Sen. Sessions was the leader of the movement and Stephen was his right-hand man,  Bannon told Politico in their June profile of Miller.What started out as the potential of a recent college graduate has turned into high expectations for Miller. ",0
10196,FLASHBACK: TRUMP PLANS STRATEGY Against North Korea In ’99 Interview [Video],"There is no debating the fact that tensions between the United States and North Korea have reached a boiling point. But what s still being continuously debated is how to handle these tensions.President Trump threatened to use  fire and fury  against North Korea after it was revealed that North Korea successfully created a miniaturized nuclear weapon designed to fit inside its missiles. In an interview with NBC s Tim Russert in 1999, then businessman Donald Trump voiced his support for a pre-emptive military strike against North Korea.Trump told Russert that if he was President, a Trump administration would  negotiate like crazy  to  get the best deal possible.  If a deal was not possible, Trump said he would order a pre-emptive strike. He went on to successfully predict that that they re [North Korea] are going to have those weapons pointed all over the world and specifically at the United States.  He goes further by saying that it only does the U.S. minimal good to discuss the economy and Social Security without addressing the biggest problem: nuclear proliferation. He also calls out previous politicians   including Jimmy Carter   for not facing this situation head on and negotiating properly.Following President Trump s warning North Korea over further provocations, the Hermit Kingdom has announced it is considering striking Guam. The North Korean military warned it may carry out a preemptive operation once the US shows signs of provocation , and that it is seriously considering a strategy to strike Guam with mid-to-long range missiles. As Trump moves forward, this interview serves as evidence that his strategy will hold up against North Korea.Read more: The Gateway Pundit",0
10197,WATCH: ACTOR JAMES WOODS Shares HILARIOUS Video Montage Of Reactions By So-Called “Journalists” To Trump’s Win On Election Night,"This is a MUST WATCH and SHARE!If anyone s wondering why the media won t give up their obsession (fantasy) that somehow President Trump colluded with Russia to win the election, you only have to watch this pathetic video montage of reactions by so-called  journalists  to their worst nightmare coming true on November 8, 2016.There is no lie too big to push, no bar too low to slither under. The media is in an all-out war with President Trump and anyone who dares to support him, and it all started on this night:Just love watching this still. These are supposedly all objective, responsible journalists  pic.twitter.com/Vmq1CK24ZC  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) August 6, 2017James Woods is not only a brilliant actor, he s also an outspoken conservative who goes out of his way on social media to expose the very people most of his friends in the entertainment business embrace. Kudos to James Woods for having the courage to take on the left, while living in the shark infested waters of liberal Hollywood ",0
10198,"TRUMP OBLITERATES “Phony Vietnam Con-Artist” Dem Senator, After He Alleged Trump Campaign Collusion With Russians"," President Donald Trump continued his attack on Connecticut Sen. Richard Blumenthal Monday afternoon, once again mocking the Democratic lawmaker for past falsehoods about his service in Vietnam.Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a phony Vietnam con artist!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017 conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Trump initially criticized Blumenthal in response to his discussion of the ongoing investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and its possible connections to the Trump campaign during a CNN interview Monday morning.  Daily CallerTrump didn t stop with his string of attacks on the con-man senator, Richard Blumenthal. He took to Twitter again yesterday to suggest Senator Blumenthal talk a  nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there. I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017Blumenthal criticized the Trump administration s decision to triple the number of leak investigations pursued by the Department of Justice, arguing in the CNN segment that the plan represented an attempt to  weaponize  leak probes.Trump s comments allude to a 2010 New York Times report which found that Blumenthal falsely claimed he had served in Vietnam during the U.S. occupation. In truth, Blumenthal served in the U.S. Marine Corps reserve, but he never left the U.S. in the course of service. The senator later explained that he  misspoke. In case anyone was thinking (or hoping) President Trump would discontinue using Twitter as a way to keep a direct line of communication open with Americans, it s not gonna happen. Most of his supporters have become used to his bombastic style and appreciate the way in which he has chosen to connect with Americans in a more direct fashion.Just before President Trump destroyed the con-artist senator from Connecticut, he sent this tweet, where, after he shared some of his most significant accomplishments to date, he made it perfectly clear to his followers that he  Will never change! :  Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation & so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 7, 2017",0
10199,MI SCHOOL SENDS Welcome Back Packet Warning Kids Against Wearing U.S. Flag To School,"ROSEVILLE, Mich.   Parents are raging after a Detroit area school district sent a packet to parents that lists the U.S. flag among items banned by the school dress code. A student s dress should not interfere with the learning environment,  Roseville Community School officials wrote.  The following are prohibited: The items include the typical slippers and sagging pants, spaghetti straps and bare midriff tops, but between  Hats or head gear  and  Low cut shirts,  the letter lists  U.S. Flag. Parents and others raged on Facebook Thursday. Here is a picture of the post by Facebook user and parent  Heather Marie :It didn t take long for school officials to clarify the  error. An informational packet was mailed out this week with an error,  according to a statement on the Roseville Community Schools website.  We apologize for the incorrect statement that was in reference to the US Flag. The statement that was published should have specified that the flag should not be worn in a demeaning manner.  EAG NewsHere s a screen shot of the  corrected  packet:The fact that Roseville Schools removed  U.S.  before the word  flag  from their corrected list of  Prohibited Apparel  is especially interesting. In fact, the words they replaced  U.S. flag  are so different, that many of the parents in Roseville think the school is just trying to cover their tracks.Here are a few of the comments under Heather Marie s post that got over 4K shares: After 1.8k plus shares, Fox 2 news, and channel 4 news the school has said that it was  a misprint  and they are able to wear the flag as long as it is not in a demeaning way. They said they took a short cut in printing the books, in all reality they were more than likely thinking no one was even going to read it. Anyways, I m happy that it has been fixed. Now I don t have to go and get all flag shirts and iron flags on the inside of them so they still show when they make them flip the shirt inside out for my 3 kiddos LMAO.   When letters get made and sent home before they make copies they proofread them several times. This is no accident they just realized that they have offended a lot of people and now want to try to fix their mistakes. You go mama bear! I agree parents should come together on that after all we are in the USA and it is our country I totally disagree with that . as a Roseville parent and a parent in the USA I proudly support the flag. ",0
10200,TRUMP HITS BACK After News of North Korea’s Nuclear Warheads: “Fire and Fury” [Video],"President Trump made a forceful statement regarding the news of nuclear warheads obtained by North Korea:  North Korea best not make any more threats to the United States. They will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen.    PDJT.@POTUS:  North Korea best not make any more threats to the United States. They will be met with fire & fury like the world has never seen.  pic.twitter.com/hi1Rm7C2PC  CSPAN (@cspan) August 8, 2017North Korea has nuclear weapons because of the horrible deal by Bill clinton and the idiocy of Obama s foreign policy and Iran deal:North Korea has nuclear weapons b/c of the horrible deal by Bill Clinton & the idiocy of Obama! Climate OR Nukes ?? pic.twitter.com/yAxSJXQyyj   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) August 8, 2017It s being reported that the markings of China s involvement in the ability of North Korea to get a nuclear warhead are there. This is disturbing to say the least!North Korea has successfully created a miniaturized nuclear warhead that can fit inside missiles, a key step in the rogue regime s ambitions to become a nuclear power, a report on Tuesday said.The findings were contained in a study by the Defense Intelligence Agency, the Washington Post reported.The newspaper also said the US calculated that North Korean President Kim Jong Un s regime now controls as many as 60 nuclear weapons.The findings show that North Korea s efforts to develop a long-range missile that can carry a nuclear warhead and strike the mainland United States is progressing more rapidly than experts had predicted.On Saturday, the United Nations Security Council voted unanimously to impose severe economic sanctions on North Korea for launching two intercontinental ballistic missiles in July.Read more: NYP",0
10201,BURN! SEBASTIAN GORKA HUMILIATES MSNBC On Use of ‘Radical Islamic Terrorism’ [Video],"It s probably not the wisest decision to argue with Dr. Sebastian Gorka about the use of the phrase  radical Islamic terrorism    especially if you have absolutely no idea what you re talking about in the first place.Dr. Sebastian Gorka defended the Trump administration s use of the phrase  radical Islamic terrorism  in an appearance on MSNBC Tuesday. We will call it  radical Islamic terrorism. We will target the ideology, and we will call them out for being evil,  Gorka stated. MSNBC s Ali Velshi and Stephanie Ruhle then tried to criticize Gorka s use of the phrase.Velshi asked Gorka how it would help stop terror attacks if the White House called the problem  radical Islamic terrorism. Gorka then engaged a clever metaphor to help them understand. Gorka argued,  If you, God forbid, caught cancer, and the hospital was forbidden from calling it cancer and said,  You have the flu. Go home and hydrate and take some aspirins, would you actually have the right treatment?.' Ruhle responded, smugly, that there s still no cure for cancer and that it doesn t matter what you call it if it will still kill you.Velshi then accused Gorka of not having a good answer. Gorka fired back by saying that if you misdiagnose anything, whether it s a serious disease or a serious international geopolitical threat, you will never solve it. The White House Adviser then criticized the Obama administration for blaming this geopolitical issue on economic conditions and societal disenfranchisement It is about people having an ideology that is evil, and it has to be destroyed. Read more: The Gateway Pundit",0
10202,BREAKING: NORTH KOREA Can Now Fit Missiles With Nuclear Warheads…Thanks Obama,"It s being reported that the markings of China s involvement in the ability of North Korea to get a nuclear warhead are there. This is disturbing to say the least!North Korea has successfully created a miniaturized nuclear warhead that can fit inside missiles, a key step in the rogue regime s ambitions to become a nuclear power, a report on Tuesday said.The findings were contained in a study by the Defense Intelligence Agency, the Washington Post reported.The newspaper also said the US calculated that North Korean President Kim Jong Un s regime now controls as many as 60 nuclear weapons.The findings show that North Korea s efforts to develop a long-range missile that can carry a nuclear warhead and strike the mainland United States is progressing more rapidly than experts had predicted.On Saturday, the United Nations Security Council voted unanimously to impose severe economic sanctions on North Korea for launching two intercontinental ballistic missiles in July.Read more: NYP",0
10203,WHY THE HUGE 1.1 MILLION DROP in Food Stamp Enrollment? [VIDEO],"OVER 1 MILLION PEOPLE HAVE DROPPED OFF OF THE FOOD STAMP LISTS GREAT NEWS!The surprising group that dropped off is illegals Yes, some illegals ARE eligible for food stamps! The USDA has this SNAP FOR NON-CITIZEN GUIDANCEWith the states of Georgia and Alabama leading the way, more than 1.1 million Americans dropped off the food stamp rolls since President Trump took office in January 2017, according to the latest U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) statistics on food stamp enrollment. Participation in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) dropped to 41,496,255 in May 2017, the most recent data available from the USDA, from 42,691,363 in January 2017 when Trump took office.According to the latest data, SNAP enrollment during the first few months of Trump s presidency decreased by 2.79 percent.Food stamp participation on average in 2017 has dropped to its lowest level since 2010, and the latest numbers show that this trend is continuing.Trump proposed cuts to SNAP in his 2018 budget proposal, suggesting that states match up to 20 percent of federal money allotted for the food stamp program and expand work requirements for able-bodied adults receiving food stamps.Trump s crackdown on illegal immigration has also prompted many immigrants, both legal and illegal, to cancel their food stamps over concerns that they might be denied citizenship or deported.Federal lawmakers are also working on legislation that would seek to expand food stamp work requirements and put time limits on how long those enrolled in the food stamp program can receive benefits.Read more: Breitbart News",0
10204,MSNBC PROPAGANDIST: The Word ‘Trump’ is ‘Modern Day Swastika’…Blames Trump for Mosque Arsons [VIDEO],"Isn t it unbelievable that these so-called experts get to spout off their hatred towards President Trump on a regular basis via MSNBC? This village idiot connects Mosque burnings to Trump when anyone with half a brain knows the Muslims are vandalizing their own Mosques (see below)! They don t even know who burned the Minnesota Mosque!The blame has been put on President Trump but could it be that the Muslims set fire to these Mosques to produce a backlash? some of the arson cases have not been solved so why is Buzzfeed blaming the attacks on anti-Muslim arsonists?BUZZFEED MAKES FALSE CLAIMS:In the past seven weeks, four mosques across the country have caught fire, according to BuzzFeed News. Three of those fires have been ruled arson, authorities stated.On Jan. 7, the Islamic Center of Lake Travis in Austin, which had been under construction, caught on fire. A week later, on Jan. 14, the Islamic Center of Eastside in Bellevue, Washington, burned.Two weeks after that, on Jan. 28, several hours after President Donald Trump signed an executive order banning immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries, a fire destroyed the Islamic Center of Victoria in Texas.According to BuzzFeed News, the Daarus Salaam Mosque near Tampa, Florida, caught on fire this past Friday, marking the fourth mosque in to go up in flames in fewer than two months. Mark Potok, a senior fellow at the Southern Poverty Law Center, said he s never seen anything like this, calling them part of a series of  dramatic attacks  against Muslims.WHAT THEY DON T REPORT ON: MUSLIMS TORCHING THEIR OWN MOSQUE!Police in Iowa arrested a 22-year-old woman suspected of starting a small fire at an Iowa mosque Thursday morning.Security cameras in the mosque showed a woman, later identified as Aisha Ismail, pouring lighter fluid on the carpet and then starting the fire, said Des Moines police spokesmanTHE TEXAS CASE:HOUSTON, Texas   The Muslim charged with arson of his own mosque on Christmas Day 2015 has pleaded guilty to felony arson in a Harris County (Houston) district court and was sentenced to prison. The charging instrument stated that Gary Nathaniel Moore started a fire with the intent to destroy and damage a place of worship   the Savoy Masjid Mosque in Houston. Moore said he attended the mosque every day up to five times a day for five years. The Houston Fire Department (HFD) responded to the fire about 2:47 p.m. on Christmas Day.THE MOST DISTURBING CASE IS A FAKE HATE CRIME CASE:Have you heard about the Texas case where the Muslim community pushed for a hate crime charge and got it. The lawyer for the defendant, Mr. Di Carlo, contested the basic premise of the hate crime charge:  This was not a mosque, this was an Islamic learning center and there was a mosque therein,  he said. Read more: NYT ",0
10205,UNIV Of GA PROFESSOR Allows Students To CHOOSE THEIR OWN GRADES To Help Alleviate Stress,"A University of Georgia professor has adopted a  stress reduction policy  that will allow students to select their own grades if they  feel unduly stressed  by the ones they earned.According to online course syllabi for two of Dr. Richard Watson s fall business courses, he has introduced the policy because  emotional reactions to stressful situations can have profound consequences for all involved. As such, if students feel  unduly stressed by a grade for any assessable material or the overall course,  they can  email the instructor indicating what grade [they] think is appropriate, and it will be so changed  with  no explanation  being required. If in a group meeting, you feel stressed by your group s dynamics, you should leave the meeting immediately and need offer no explanation to the group members,  the policy adds, saying such students can  discontinue all further group work  with their remaining grade being  based totally on non-group work. Similarly, when it comes to  tests and exams  for Watson s  Data Management  and  Energy Informatics  courses, all will be  open book and open notes  and  designed to assess low level mastery of the course material  (the  Stress Reduction  section has been removed from both syllabi, but an archived version of the  Data Management  syllabus has been provided here).Finally, for in-class presentations, Watson will allow  only positive comments  to be made, while  comments designed to improve future presentations will be communicated by email.   For entire story: Campus ReformPerhaps someone should give the good professor a ticket to Afghanistan so he can spend time with some of our young, brave, college-age troops who don t get to chose their next assignment because it might be  too stressful  for them.Parents of these students need to start speaking up. We are raising a generation of marshmallows who will have no idea how to handle stress in real life situations. We as a nation, will have no one to blame but ourselves for raising an entire generation of coddled snowflakes with absolutely no coping skills.",0
10206,U.S. SPY SATELLITES Detect North Korea Transferring Anti-Ship Cruise Missiles to Patrol Boat,"While the main stream media continues to chase anything and everything to try and take down President Trump, we have a serious problem with North Korea that s heating up. The madman in charge of North Korea continues to stand firm even after sanctions were unanimously voted for at the UN. North Korea s missile tests will continue in spite of any move the U.S. makes to stop them Dr. Sebastian Gorka spoke with Sean Hannity regarding this development:The latest from FOX NewsDespite the United States  insistence that North Korea halt its missile tests, U.S. spy agencies detected the rogue communist regime loading two anti-ship cruise missiles on a patrol boat on the country s east coast just days ago.It s the first time these missiles have been deployed on this type of platform since 2014.It also points to more evidence that North Korea isn t listening to the diplomatic threats from the West. The best signal that North Korea could give us that they re prepared to talk would be to stop these missile launches,  Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in the Philippines Monday.TILLERSON TO NOKO:  WE ARE NOT YOUR ENEMY TILLERSON S FOUR NO S: The United States does not seek  regime change,  the collapse of the regime,  an accelerated reunification of the peninsula or  an excuse to send the U.S. military into North Korea.North Korea loaded two Stormpetrel anti-ship cruise missiles on a Wonsan guided-missile patrol boat at Toejo Dong on North Korea s east coast. North Korea is not showing any evidence it plans to halt its missile tests,  said one official who requested anonymity to discuss sensitive information.  It s a trend that does not bode well for hopes of de-escalating tensions on the Korean peninsula. The latest moves by Pyongyang point to a likely missile test in the days ahead or it could be a defense measure should the U.S. Navy dispatch more warships to the Korean peninsula, officials said. Read more: FOX NewsJAPAN TAKES THE THREAT FROM NORTH KOREA SERIOUSLY:Japan has held its first air-raid drills since World War Two amid fears of a nuclear strike by North Korea. People on the country s north-west coast practiced running for cover following Kim Jong-un s latest ballistic missile tests. A report filmed by the BBC saw adults and children sprinting indoors or sheltering behind walls as sirens wailed.Read more: DAILY MAIL",0
10207,"WHILE DEMOCRATS Were Focused On Russia and P*ssy Hats, President Trump Quietly Accomplished Something So Awesome, It Will Leave Conservatives Cheering","The Democrats and their allies in the media would like you to believe that President Trump has been so distracted by their allegations and by the untold number of  unnamed sources  they ve quoted in their fabricated stories about him, that he s been virtually paralyzed by the negative press. They d like you to believe he s been so distracted by their antics, that he s been unable to accomplish any of his campaign promises That is 180 degrees from the truth. And that s the case across a wide range of issues, but none is so important   or of long-lasting consequence   as the judiciary.So here s an update on Trump s judicial nominations, as compared to Obama, Bush 2, Clinton, and Reagan. Like Trump, each replaced a President of the other party and each came into office with a Senate of their own party. G.W. Bush made 15 of those 44 nominations on August 2, 2001.1. President Trump has made more judicial nominations at this point than Obama, Clinton, and Reagan combined, all of them outstanding.2. Chuck Grassley, Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, has held hearings for more judicial nominees at this point than the Committee held under any of these previous Presidents.3. Despite having to take a cloture vote on every nominee, the Senate has confirmed more judges so far than under these previous Presidents.That s just an incredible record, particularly with regard to the extremely high quality of these picks. And we should be very grateful: it was not at all obvious, even to many of the most ardent Trump supporters, that Donald Trump would be good on judges, given that this is far from his obvious area either of expertise or interest.But in fact, at the rate he s going at present, Donald Trump may well prove to be the best President in American history on judges. And of all the things he might achieve, that is orders of magnitude more important than all the rest.  Rod D. Martin",0
10208,WATCH: RACIST CONGRESSWOMAN MAXINE WATERS Won’t Rule Out An “All-Black Political Party”…Black People Aren’t “Strong Enough” Yet To Form Their Own Party,"Close your eyes and picture Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (R-WI) telling a white radio host that he wouldn t rule out an  all-white  party. Now picture his political career and his personal life being destroyed. Will the same thing happen to Maxine Waters, the woman the Democrat Party is talking about electing as their next leader?Waters joined  The Breakfast Club  radio show on Monday morning and was asked if it was time for black people to form their own political party. No, not at this point,  Waters said.  You have to show that you re willing and you re able to put the numbers together and exercise your influence. We still are not voting our influence yet,  she continued.  What we should do is organize our power, exercise our power, particularly in the Democratic Party because that s where most of us are. Waters then suggested that when black people are  strong enough  they may branch out into their own party.  Daily CallerWATCH:",0
10209,FACTORY WORKER RIPS INTO Speaker Paul Ryan on the “Do Nothing” Congress [Video],"We love this guy! Factory worker Keith Ketzler: For eight horrible years I heard,  We don t have control of the House. We don t have control of the senate. We don t have the presidency and when we get in we got a plan and we re going to change stuff.  Well I tell you what, you re in there now and all I see is infighting. It s very dysfunctional.This guy just said whatever American would like to say to Paul Ryan! Notice how the answer was just more rhetoric blah, blah, blah All talk and NO ACTION!Paul Ryan is in the back pocket of the Chamber of Commerce and other special interest groups. He s talking out of both sides of his mouth. He needs to go!PAUL RYAN AUDIO GIVES US INSIGHT INTO HOW HE REALLY FEELS ABOUT TRUMP:AUDIO RELEASED: Paul Ryan Caught On Tape:  I am not going to defend Donald Trump not now, not in the future We all know Paul Ryan was no fan of President Donald Trump while he was running for office. Sadly, unlike the Democrats who held their noses and went  all in  for Hillary, our Republican Speaker of the House went out of his way to NOT support Trump during his highly contentious campaign. Now that a new audio tape has emerged, proving that Ryan went out of his way to make sure his colleagues in the House understood that he would  never  support Trump, this leaves Ryan looking pretty foolish considering the public support Trump has offered Ryan and his increasingly unpopular  Obamacare Lite  proposal.On a never-before-released private October conference call with House Republican members, House Speaker Paul Ryan told his members in the U.S. House of Representatives he was abandoning then-GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump forever and would never defend him ever again. In the Oct. 10, 2016 call, from right after the Access Hollywood tape of Trump was leaked in the weeks leading up to the election, Ryan does not specify that he will never defend Trump on just the Access Hollywood tape he says clearly he is done with Trump altogether. I am not going to defend Donald Trump not now, not in the future,  Ryan says in the audio, obtained by Breitbart News and published here for the first time ever.Now, Ryan still the Speaker has pushed now President Donald Trump to believe his healthcare legislation the American Health Care Act would repeal and replace Obamacare when it does not repeal Obamacare. Ryan has also, according to Trump ally Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY), misled President Trump into believing that Ryan s bill can pass Congress. Paul and others believe the bill is dead on arrival in the U.S. Senate since a number of GOP senators have come out against it, and there are serious questions about whether it can pass the House. This is the first major initiative that Trump has worked on with Ryan and the fact it is going so poorly calls into question whether Speaker Ryan, the GOP s failed 2012 vice presidential nominee who barely supported Trump at all in 2016, really understands how Trump won and how to win in general.The October conference call apparently was intended only for House Republican members. It s unclear which or how many House Republicans took part in the call, whether the participants knew it was being recorded, who made the recording, or whether a recording exists of the entire call. The remarks on the portion provided to Breitbart News certainly sound like they were coming from Speaker Ryan, who seemed to be abandoning his party s presidential nominee altogether just weeks before the election. He says not only will he not defend the Access Hollywood comments, but he will not campaign with Trump at all between this call on Oct. 10, 2016, and the general election for the presidency on Nov. 8 and that Ryan would not defend Trump on anything generally. For entire story- Matthew Boyle, Breitbart NewsLISTEN:",0
10210,"TRUMP FEVER! W. VA Dem Senator Says He Won’t Vote With Party…Doesn’t Give A SH*T If It Costs Him Election, After Former Dem W. VA Governor Switched Parties At Trump Rally Last Week","Civil political discourse took a beating in West Virginia this weekend when a Democratic senator profanely proclaimed that he was going to vote the way he wanted and didn t  give a s t  if it cost him his seat. I don t give a s t, you understand? I just don t give a s t,  Sen. Joe Manchin told the Charleston Gazette-Mail on Sunday, saying he wasn t going to toe his party s line on every issue. Don t care if I get elected, don t care if I get defeated, how about that. If they think because I m up for election, that I can be wrangled into voting for s t that I don t like and can t explain, they re all crazy,  he continued. I m not scared of an election, let s put it that way. Elections do not bother me or scare me,  he said. I m going to continue to do the same thing I ve always done, extremely independent. President Trump won West Virginia by a mile, and Democratic Gov. Jim Justice pointedly switched teams and joined the GOP at a Trump campaign rally in the state last week.Watch Governor Justice announce that he s switching parties at the Trump rally last week:West Virginia Democratic Governor Jim Justice announces that he is switching parties to GOP https://t.co/io13ugk6KD https://t.co/GZkqWBJ6z3  NBC News (@NBCNews) August 3, 2017Manchin s angry comments followed a slam from GOP senatorial candidate Patrick Morrisey, who called for the incumbent to resign from the Democratic leadership.Morrisey cited Manchin s refusal to sign onto a letter establishing Democrats  three main policy points on tax reform, The Hill reported.Manchin was one of three Democrats in the Senate who didn t sign the letter.He explained that he agreed with the party platform but wanted party leaders to get Republicans on board.  NYP",0
10211,STUNNING DISREGARD FOR LAW: 11 CA Counties Have More Registered Voters Than Voting Age Citizens…Look Who They Voted For In Last Election,"But..b but it isn t fair to ask for voter ID says the party that dominates the states that refuse to cooperate with Trump s election commission. The more corruption that s exposed through post-election voting investigations, the more we begin to understand why so many Democrat pundits and liberal media outlets were so sure Hillary had the election in the bag..Eleven counties in California have more registered voters than voting age adults in the county.Judicial Watch announced it sent a notice-of-violation letter to the state of California and 11 of its counties threatening to sue in federal court if it does not clean its voter registration lists as mandated by the National Voter Registration Act (NVRA). Both the NVRA and the federal Help America Vote Act require states to take reasonable steps to maintain accurate voting rolls. The August 1 letter was sent on behalf of several Judicial Watch California supporters and the Election Integrity Project California, Inc.In the letter, Judicial Watch noted that public records obtained on the Election Assistance Commission s 2016 Election Administration Voting Survey and through verbal accounts from various county agencies show 11 California counties have more registered voters than voting-age citizens: Imperial (102%), Lassen (102%), Los Angeles (112%), Monterey (104%), San Diego (138%), San Francisco (114%), San Mateo (111%), Santa Cruz (109%), Solano (111%), Stanislaus (102%), and Yolo (110%).In the letter, Judicial Watch noted that Los Angeles County officials  informed us that the total number of registered voters now stands at a number that is a whopping 144% of the total number of resident citizens of voting age. Remember when the Huffington Post denied voter fraud was an actual thing in America, while calling Hillary Clinton, (the candidate who clearly benefitted from illegal voting practices) the  legitimate President-Elect? Under Section 8 of the NVRA, states are required to make a reasonable effort to remove the names of ineligible voters from official lists due to  the death of the registrant  or  a change in the residence of the registrant,  and requires states to ensure noncitizens are not registered to vote.There is  strong circumstantial evidence that California municipalities are not conducting reasonable voter registration list maintenance as mandated under the NVRA,  Judicial Watch wrote in the notice letter sent to California Secretary of State Alex Padilla. Via: Judicial Watch",0
10212,UPDATE: FATHER HELPS STUDENTS After Lefties Censored Photos with Pro-Trump Slogans,"You may remember the story of a New Jersey high school that came under fire after President Trump s campaign logo and slogan were digitally removed from two students  yearbook photos and another student s quote from the president was also excluded.The students complained about Wall Township High School s censorship, which led to an outpouring of support   including from the president himself   and the eventual suspension of the school s yearbook club adviser.200 copies of the yearbook were reissued with the photos and quote intact, at a cost of $10,000.Now, it s been revealed that the father of one of the students footed a majority of the bill for the reprint.Joseph Berardo, father of Grant Berardo, donated $5,279 out of his own pocket.Another $3,000 was given by Lors Photography, which was hired by the school district to take yearbook photos.Jostens, the yearbook publisher, will issue a credit to the district for any further costs.Berardo said he put money toward the reprint because he felt it was  the right thing to do. I didn t want there to be some other program that didn t get funded because of this,  he said.  They responded appropriately and corrected it. Supporting the kids of Wall Township seemed like the right thing to do. Read more: Asbury Park Press ",0
10213,CITY TO DECIDE: Should They Allow Illegals to Vote in Local Elections?,"The slippery slope continues College Park is just the latest city in Maryland to propose that illegals be given the right to vote in local elections. If you re NOT outraged by this, we d love to know why not. Once you start allowing non-citizens to decide on anything within your city, doesn t this preclude the legal citizens from receiving their lawful voting rights?This is not unconstitutional but it is unAmerican!College Park, Md. is weighing whether or not to allow illegals  to vote in local elections.Officials in College Park, which is home to the University of Maryland s main campus, have yet to make their final decision, the Baltimore Sun reports.Opponents say immigrants   even those in the country legally, such as green-card holders   should not be able to have a say in the direction of the community until they complete the process of becoming a citizen.The measure s sponsor, City Councilwoman Christine Nagle, said it would be good for noncitizens living in the city to make decisions regarding local services. These are folks who have a significant stake in our community, and who rely on the facilities in our city,  Nagle said.  To me, it just made sense. College Park would not be the only city in the state to allow noncitizens to vote: Takoma Park, Md. has allowed noncitizens to vote since 1991, and two towns in Montgomery County have done the same. Other Maryland towns are considering and adopting the same measure.Via: Baltimore Sun",0
10214,STATUE OF LIBERTY AS A MUSLIM? Congressman Sparks Protest After Hanging Painting in Office,"Here we go again another student art contest that brings with it a controversial painting. Remember the  Cops as Pigs  painting that caused a stir in the Capitol? This painting is taking the iconic symbol of the Statue of Liberty and making it a religious symbol of islam with the hijab. Congressman Correa needs to take this painting down!A student painting that depicts the Statue of Liberty wearing a Muslim hijab, displayed in congressman Lou Correa s Santa Ana office, is being attacked as an unpatriotic violation of the separation of church and state by members of We the People Rising, a Claremont-based activist group that advocates stricter enforcement of immigration laws.The group, which includes several Orange County participants, has asked without success that Correa remove the painting, which hangs with other finalists from the Democratic congressman s annual student art competition.Because of the complaint, Correa said he asked the House Office of Legislative Counsel for advice and was told there was no legal issue. That has not appeased the activists, who are tentatively planning a Sept. 11 protest at Correa s district office. It s a bad example for our congressman,  said Orange resident Mike McGertrick, an activist with We the People Rising.  He shouldn t have anything religious in his office.   I would like to see our Congress people be right-down-the-line patriotic. Read more: East Bay Times",0
10215,MUSLIM MISS UNIVERSE Contestant Ignores Competition Rules Other Candidates Must Follow…Makes Up Her Own Rules,"Of course, the left applauded Miss Great Britain s bold defiance of the rules (resistance is all the rage in case you haven t heard) ignoring the fact that no one held a gun to her head to make her compete in the pageant.The magazine that teaches teenage girls how to have anal sex had this to say about how proud they were of Muna Jama:She stuck to her beliefs and the Internet couldn't be prouder https://t.co/lYqbNEpKwg  Teen Vogue (@TeenVogue) August 4, 2017The swimsuit competition. Watching contestants parade around in barely-there swimsuits is synonymous with the world of beauty pageants the way sashes and rictus grins and pledges for  world peace  are.But now one contestant has thrown out the rulebook, and competed in the finals for Miss Universe Great Britain wearing a kaftan, rather than a two-piece.Muna Jama, from London, is Muslim and earlier this year won the right to compete in the famed competition wearing a kaftan. It is the first time in the history of the competition that a contestant has not not donned a revealing bikini.Here is a picture of the other (less special) Miss Universe contestants wearing the required bikini for the bathing suit competition:Help me congratulate the outstanding and beautiful Anna Burdzy as Miss Universe Great Britain 2017  , I m proud to have come this far with the pleasure to share the stage with all these incredible women!   for this I feel like a winner   thank you for following me on my journey, it wouldn t have been the same without your encouraging messages, constant support and nonstop love that I was able to make history for the first time ever! Thank you   . . . mugb2017 #missuniversegb #cardiff #threecountries #blacksash #Mercurecardiffhollandhouse #missuniversegb #missuniversecardiffA post shared by Muna Jama  (@ms_munajama) on Jul 16, 2017 at 12:05am PDTIt has been a long road for Jama to stepping onto the Miss Universe stage.Two years ago she applied to represent the U.K. and made it to the finals, but bowed out out of concern about appearing in swimmers. However, this year, Jama, who is the co-founder of a start-up tackling illegal migration and child abuse in Africa, decided to apply again, but this time petitioning officials to be allowed to wear a kaftan. I wouldn t wear a bikini to a beach, so I m not going to wear one in a competition to score points,  she has told Metro.co.uk.   NYPHere s a picture of the  bathing suit  Miss Great Britain wore during the competition:It takes bravery, emotional resilience and most importantly surrounding yourself with strong minded people who are prepared to make great sacrifices to welcome permanent and positive change. I may not be able to unwrite a moment in my life but I know a moment will never define me. I will always rise above your expectations and pushed past your limitations. You are what you say you are, and your imaginations can be your worst enemy unless you overcome your fears. Be careful of what you think of others because it s a reflection of what you are. Work at being a better person, and one day we can welcome a better World. . . This moment has proved that I am capable of almost anything I set my mind to and limitations is a status waiting to be changed. I thank everyone who stood beside me and believed in my vision.   . . #missuniverse #mugb2017 #missuniversegb #fear #migrant #refugee #positive #change #love #modelling #friends #family #girls #pageant #empowerment #inspiration #inspire #aspire #history #munajama #caftan #kaftan #stage #london #dubai #love #indonesia #malaysia @missuniversegb Photographer @leedarephotographyA post shared by Muna Jama  (@ms_munajama) on Jul 18, 2017 at 8:56am PDTDo you think it s fair that she was not disqualified for failing to follow the same rules every other contestant was forced to follow in order to compete for the title?",0
10216,"ERIC BOLLING Accuser Is Serial Sexual Harassment Accuser, P*ssy-Hat Wearing, Trump-Hating, Left-Wing Activist Professor","Yesterday, Fox News announced that they were suspending Eric Bolling after accusations that the popular host sent lewd photos to at least three female coworkers   two at Fox Business and one at Fox News.Many believe the accusations against Eric Bolling are just more lies in a series of false sexual misconduct allegations levied against Fox News  top personalities, like Bill O Reilly and the now deceased Roger Ailes. The woman who attempted to smear Fox News host Sean Hannity quickly dropped her accusations when Hannity took off the gloves announced he would fight accuser Debbie Schulssel with  some of the finest and toughest lawyers in the country  after she accused the Fox News host of sexually propositioning her as allegations of sexual harassment continue to roil the network.Philly.com   Suspended Fox News host Eric Bolling s first public accuser is a major left-wing activist who held a protest sign at President Trump s inauguration accusing the president of being a rapist.Caroline Heldman, an Occidental College professor who appeared on Fox News, reportedly  filed a sexual harassment complaint just hours before Fox News announced O Reilly s departure,  according to People magazine.Now, she is back to accuse Eric Bolling, a major Trump supporter at the network. Here is Philly.com s report:Hours after Fox News announced it was suspending Bolling, Caroline Heldman, a politics professor at Occidental College and frequent guest on the network from 2008 to 2011, claimed the Fox News host made an unspecified number of unsolicited sexual advances to her. [Bolling] said he wanted to fly me out to New York for in-studio hits and to have  fun.  He asked me to have meals with him on several occasions, but I found excuses not to go,  Heldman wrote in a lengthy Facebook post.  Once, he took me up to his office in New York, showed me his baseball jerseys, and in the brief time I was there, let me know that his office was his favorite place to have sex. Bolling s team is denying the accusations. Heldman s social media profiles show her to be a staunch left-wing feminist activist.  Big League PoliticsMany brought up #pizzagate in response to my ""good people don't vote for rapists"" sign at Trump's inauguration. https://t.co/lTDtBEhhgh pic.twitter.com/T2S8UfIF5O  Caroline Heldman (@carolineheldman) June 22, 2017Seriously though, the fact that accuser Caroline Heldman would use a picture of themselves with the pal and high-profile, media whore lawyer Gloria Allred at the top of their Twitter account is pretty interesting.Here is Caroline Heldman s Twitter profile:Social media users attempted to accuse Michelle Fields of being one of the women accusing Bolling of sexual harassment. She quickly came to Bolling s defense:False. Im not one of the women in @yashar's story & Eric Bolling was nothing but professional when I worked w/ him. Pls stop spreading lies https://t.co/Jmi3e3vgiV  Michelle Fields (@MichelleFields) August 6, 2017 ",0
10217,MAXINE WATERS Gleefully Reveals Plan to Destroy Trump in Disturbing Interview [Video],"Rep. Maxine Waters said today that if Robert Mueller  does his job  and is able to prove collusion between President Donald Trump s campaign and the Russians, then  we ve got him. In an interview with MSNBC host and self-professed Waters fan Joy Reid, Waters reiterated that Democrats needed to work to remove Trump from office. Reid asked Waters if she had a sense that more Republicans in Congress were willing to  stand up  to Trump.Waters said she felt some Republicans did not know how to handle the situation or were simply waiting for the president to  implode. Many of them are not comfortable, and I believe that if Mueller does his job, if he s able to connect the dots, if he s able to show collusion, then we ve got him,  she said.  They will move away from him. Waters, a darling of progressives due to her constant calls for Trump s impeachment, has previously likened Mueller s investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election to a contest of sorts. In an appearance Friday on MSNBC, she said Mueller is  going to win. Trump has consistently stated the Mueller probe is a  witch hunt  and pointed to the partisanship of the investigators on his team, although other Republicans have said Mueller s reputation is unquestioned.On  The View  last week, Waters said she welcomed the leaks coming from Trump s White House and was  so glad they re telling us what s going on. ",0
10218,"WATCH: KELLYANNE CONWAY Gives Dreaded Answer To Liberal Hack, “This Week” Host George Stephanopoulos’ Question About Trump’s Plans To Run In 2020","ABC host George Stephanopoulos sat down with Kellyanne Conway for an interview this morning on  This Week . Stephanopoulos started out the interview by mentioning the new jobs report and the explosion of the stock market under President Trump. He barely took a breath before he jumped directly to a poll that showed despite all of his many accomplishments, that Trump isn t very popular. Kellyanne Conway was quick to point out, that although Trump s poll numbers aren t as strong as she d like them to be, he s keeping his head down and focusing on his agenda. In other words, President Trump is laser focused on honoring the campaign promises he made to American people who elected him. What a novel idea One can only imagine the disappointment Stephanopoulos must have felt when he got the dreaded answer from Conway to his question about President Trump s plans to run in 2020. After all, who could forget when George Stephanopoulos  wife promised (but of course, didn t follow through) that she would move her family to another country if President Trump won the election?Watch:Conway responded to Stephanopoulos  question about Trump running in 2020:  The president says privately and publicly, often, George that he ll be president for seven and a half more years, so he plans on being a two-term president. Last week, the New York Times article attempted to convince their readers that the Republican Party is divided and fractured and that many of the members of the party were attempting to convince Vice President Mike Pence to run for president in 2020.Pence was furious at the accusation that he was somehow involved in a potential coup against President Trump. So much for the wishful thinking of not very credible and very biased New York Times.And finally, it wouldn t be an interview with the mainstream media if they didn t ask about Trump s phony Russia connection. Kellyanne Conway didn t disappoint with her answer as she blasted Stephanopoulos for pushing the fake narrative:  People just can t get over that election, George. It s corrosive to our body politic ",0
10219,WATCH TRUMP SUPPORTERS CRASH Pro-Sanctuary City Press Conference Where Radicals Call for Open Borders [Video],"Supporters of the rule of law crashed a pro-illegal rally on August 4, 2017 at San Bernardino City Hall. This was a reaction to San Bernardino getting a letter from Jeff Sessions threatening to withhold their federal funds. Using the left s tactics on them is pretty great:Did you listen to the rhetoric coming from the speakers who were pushing open borders? Shame on them for using religion to break the law! The SEIU has been called Obama s  Purple Army  so they bussed in protesters for the protest They are usually paid to attend protests. They are more like Obama s useful idiots because they lose if more illegals come to take their jobs.The Press Enterprise reported:Attorney General Jeff Sessions  announcement that San Bernardino would not be eligible for crime-reduction funding spurred a demonstration outside San Bernardino City Hall on Friday, Aug. 4.On Thursday, Aug. 3, Sessions sent letters to four cities struggling with gun violence, including San Bernardino, telling them they would not be eligible for a program that provides money to combat drug trafficking and gang crime unless they confirm their cooperation with immigration officials.The letter asks if correctional and detention facilities will honor a written request from the Department of Homeland Security to hold a foreign national for up to 48 hours beyond the scheduled release date.In San Bernardino, that s up to the San Bernardino County Sheriff s Department, not the city. Regardless, the Sheriff s Department, in a statement, said it can t comply because it would be unconstitutional. San Bernardino is not going to be bullied,  said Kesha McGee, a lead organizer with Inland Congregations United for Change, at the planned demonstration.McGee said the interfaith group wanted to show support for the San Bernardino immigrant community. We are a community of unity,  she said.  We all deserve to be here. Religious leaders from tInland Congregations United for Change and immigrant rights activists from the Inland area planned the Friday press conference outside City Hall to condemn Sessions  announcement. Assemblywoman Eloise Reyes, D-San Bernardino, was at the event.",0
10220,LIFE IN THE MILITARY ACADEMY: Where Donald J. Trump Played By The Rules and Learned How To Be A Winner,"Many on the left and in the liberal media are hoping President Trump will butt heads with his new chief of staff, former general John Kelly, proving he is incapable of getting along with senior officials in his administration. But if Trump s experience in the New York Military Academy is an indicator, he will surely excel with his new Chief of Staff John Kelly and his disciplined military style.Donald Trump s freewheeling, off-the-cuff campaign style can sometimes make him look like he s winging it. Playing by the rules is not what the billionaire presidential candidate is known for. But during a little-known time in his childhood   military school   playing the game meant following the rules. And Trump learned how to win at it.When Rules Were Meant To Be BrokenBefore military school, Trump was famous for breaking the rules. Long before buildings would be named after him, schoolmates used the Trump name as shorthand for getting into trouble. We used to refer to our detention as a  DT    a  Donny Trump    because he got more of them than most other people in the class,  said Paul Onish, one of Trump s grade school classmates.Onish calls Trump one of his best friends at the Kew-Forest School in Forest Hills, Queens. Trump attended the school through seventh grade, and the two of them got into trouble together constantly   talking out of turn during class, passing notes and throwing spitballs. Onish remembers a few stunts on the soccer field, too. There was even a couple of incidences during half-time when we would eat whole oranges without peeling them in front of the competition to show them how tough we really were,  Onish said.Getting Sent Up The RiverIt was the late 1950s   and in the quiet, well-to-do community of Jamaica Estates, Queens, the nonstop antics became embarrassing for Trump s parents.So right before eighth grade, Trump s father sent him literally up the river to New York Military Academy in the Hudson Valley. Trump would spend the next five years there.Retired Col. Ted Dobias remembers the tall, lanky kid who showed up at his dormitory. I put [him] down at the end of the hall. He didn t know how to make a bed. He didn t know how to shine his shoes. He had a problem, you know, with being a cadet. You know, being a cadet, you gotta take care of yourself,  Dobias said.And Trump the cadet didn t quite know how, at first. Dobias had a reputation for being one of the school s toughest instructors. He was a hardened World War II veteran who made it clear to Trump   he didn t care who his daddy was. When he got out of line, he got the same treatment like everybody else. His name was Donald Trump, like Johnny Jones. It was all the same,  Dobias said.  Nobody was different. We treated everyone alike. When Following The Rules Becomes The GameNew York Military Academy, or NYMA, is tucked in a small speck of a town called Cornwall-on-Hudson. It s a short drive from West Point. Arriving here is like stepping back in time. Antique cannons squat on green fields. Buildings date back to the 1800s.Back in Trump s day, cadets would wake up near the crack of dawn, hurry into their uniforms and march in formation to breakfast. First-year cadets had to eat their meals squared-off   lifting their forks in a right angle path into their mouths. And after breakfast, they d scurry back to clean their rooms for inspection. Dobias said it was a place where kids who didn t like following the rules learned to like it. It s a hell of a thing for a kid to go to a military school   especially when you have to say,  Yes sir,   No sir,  have to learn how to salute, how to do about-face, how to march, how to carry a gun,  said Dobias.But instead of recoiling from the discipline, Trump thrived under it. In her book The Trumps: Three Generations of Builders and a Presidential Candidate, Gwenda Blair notes how  Donald seemed to welcome being in a place with clear-cut parameters, a place where he could focus on figuring out how to come out on top and get what he wanted. Mike Kabealo, one of Trump s roommates at NYMA, said in the confines of the school s rigid rules, Trump wanted to be a standout. Cocksure, positive and anything-you-can-do-I-can-do-better kind of stuff   you know, he was very competitive,  Kabealo said.And friends say Trump channeled that competitiveness into everything at military school. When he was in charge of the rifle rack, he cleaned the rifles obsessively. He was meticulous about his uniform. When it was his turn to do inspections in the barracks, he whipped other cadets into shape. My bed wasn t really made right, and he ripped it,  said Ted Levine, another student who roomed with Trump at NYMA.Trump tore Levine s sheets off during inspections one morning. Levine s bed hadn t passed muster.Trump became captain of the baseball team, and Dobias was his coach. He was very coachable,  Dobias said.  If I told him,  Do this,  he ll do it. If I told him to do it the other way, he ll do it that way. So that s what made him a good baseball player. He accepted criticism. He wanted to be best. Not better. Here s a picture of Trump with his soccer team:Donald Trump s New York Military basketball team photo :Trump was made a cadet captain at NYMA   one of the highest honors for graduates. I don t think he had a handful of loyalists, you know?  Levine, his former roommate, said.  Because he was so competitive that everybody who could come close to him he had to destroy. But now, more than 50 years later, Levine says he and the other guys still kind of admire Trump.Today Levine s office is littered with Donald Trump knickknacks. Like a talking Trump doll that belts out Trumpisms such as  Brand yourself and toot your own horn,  and  Have an ego   there s nothing wrong with ego. Sometimes, Levine said, he squeezes the doll for advice. It s reinforcement   positive reinforcement of true values that are very important for businessmen,  he said.Values like winning   how to fight back and win.Levine gave the doll another squeeze. Never give up,  the doll squawked.  Under any circumstances, never give up. Levine said he didn t learn that one from Trump   they both learned that one in military school.For entire story: NPR ",0
10221,ALAN DERSHOWITZ RIPS MAXINE WATERS On Constant Racism Rhetoric: “Maxine Waters ought to be ashamed of herself!”,"Esteemed Democratic Attorney Alan Dershowitz UNLOADED on left-wing sensation Maxine Waters on FOX and Friends Sunday. Dershowitz responded to Waters calling him a  racist  on MSNBC:Alan Dershowitz: Well, she doesn t know what she s talking about. First of all, I wasn t talking about the grand jury I was talking about the petit jury. Grand jury doesn t matter. Grand jury will indict a ham sandwich. But if there were to be an indictment it would matter greatly where the trial was. Maxine Waters should know better and does know better  If I d have said race didn t matter she would have called me a racist. She throws around the term so loosely and so inappropriately and it weakens her credibility by calling everybody a racist. When she calls real racists racists, nobody is going to believe her  Race matters. Maxine Waters ought to know that and Maxine Waters ought to be ashamed of herself.",0
10222,LIBERAL RAG NEWSWEEK Does Hit Piece Calling Trump “Lazy Boy”…Social Media Hits Back! [Video],"Newsweek magazine has gone COMPLETELY overboard with their latest cover picture and title! They ve done a hit piece on President Trump that is so disgusting and offensive that Trump supporters on social media are hitting back.Newsweek posted the cover of President Trump on Facebook with this caption:The top comments in response to this post are outraged pro-Trump followers:Kim Daskam let Newsweek have it!OUR FAVORITE COMMENT:Marian Marek: He s so damn lazy that 1.The Dow hit a record high of 22,085.82 2. Toyota and Mazda are investing 1.6 billion in our country and are creating 4,000 jobs. Foxconn is 10 billion. 3. Lowest jobless rate in 28 years and unemployment claims down by 4 percent. 4. Stock market has put in 4 trillion into the economy. 5. Veterans affairs is being cleaned up. 6. TPP nasty Obama trade deal being redone and improved. 7. Keystone pipeline is starting to be renegotiated and this will also bring jobs and lower energy costs to 1.3 million barrels from Obamas 5,000 barrels. CAN YOU SEE the Trend in the Media? The Washington Post Jared Bernstein to Newsweek! That s why they are called Fake News! The real Lazy Boy honor goes to Congress! Not the President!!Please let Newsweek know that you re offended by their cover photo and article on President Trump! Here s Newsweek s facebook link: NEWSWEEK FACEBOOKMILO HAS A GREAT FACEBOOK VIDEO ON TRUMP S CREATION OF OVER 1 MILLION JOBS:",0
10223,CLIMATE SCAMMER AL GORE Utterly Embarrassed…Can’t Explain Why Sea Levels Aren’t Rising,"Climate grifter Al Gore is confronted about global warming and sea levels in this classic video where he just can t explain himself.  One of the challenges is taking what the scientists say and believing    Al GoreOUR LATEST ON AL GORE: NASA S NEW CLIMATE DATA Exposes Al Gore s Lies: The Timing of his New Movie Couldn t be More InconvenientAl Gore has become very wealthy from his invention of global warming and the creation of An Inconvenient Truth, a documentary which has been included in the science curricula of schools throughout the United States. However, the more real climate data we see, the more obvious the hoax becomes.This data couldn t come at a worse time for Al Gore, as his sequel to An Inconvenient Truth, released on July 28, got panned by critics.A.V. Club called An Inconvenient Truth  Less a movie than a glorified PowerPoint presentation .A new study from NASA confirms sea levels are falling   not rising.iceagenow.info reports: NASA satellite sea level observations for the past 24 years show that   on average   sea levels have been rising 3.4 millimeters per year. That s 0.134 inches, about the thickness of a dime and a nickel stacked together, per year. As I said, that s the average. But when you focus in on 2016 and 2017, you get a different picture.Sea levels fell in 2016, and with all of this winter s record-breaking snowfall, I wouldn t be surprised if they decline again this year.I clicked and zoomed on the above chart as NASA suggested, and obtained a close-up screen shot of sea levels from Jan 2016 to March 2017. This clearly shows the decline.Al Gore has falsely predicted that sea levels would rise by 20 feet, with some of the world s largest cities underwater.World Tribune reports: Although the UN s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) only predicts a sea level rise of 59cm (17 inches) by 2100, Al Gore in his Oscar-winning film An Inconvenient Truth went much further, talking of 20 feet, and showing computer graphics of cities such as Shanghai and San Francisco half under water, Booker noted. We all know the graphic showing central London in similar plight. As for tiny island nations such as the Maldives and Tuvalu, as Prince Charles likes to tell us and the Archbishop of Canterbury was again parroting last week, they are due to vanish. All of the talk about the sea rising  is nothing but a colossal scare story,  Booker said, citing Swedish geologist and physicist Nils-Axel Morner, formerly chairman of the INQUA International Commission on Sea Level Change, who  for 35 years has been using every known scientific method to study sea levels all over the globe. Despite fluctuations down as well as up,  the sea is not rising,  Morner says.  It hasn t risen in 50 years.  If there is any rise this century it will  not be more than 10cm (four inches), with an uncertainty of plus or minus 10cm . And quite apart from examining the hard evidence, he says, the elementary laws of physics (latent heat needed to melt ice) tell us that  the apocalypse conjured up by Al Gore and Co. could not possibly come about.   Gateway Pundit",0
10224,WATCH: PARTY GIRL MALIA OBAMA Caught On Camera Rolling and Pounding Fists Into The Ground At Wild Chicago Lallapalooza Festival,"B b but Baron Trump wore a t-shirt that said  The Expert! With classes at Harvard starting in just a few short weeks, Malia Obama is making sure to end her gap year in style.The former First Daughter was caught on video rolling wildly on the ground while pounding her fists and during a performance at the Lollapalooza music festival in Chicago.Video obtained by TMZ shows Malia and a gal pal dancing wildly as the Las Vegas rock band played its hits during the headlining set on Friday night.This isn t the first time Malia has been spotted enjoying herself while out in public with her friends.The 19-year-old was videotaped last year at the festival twerking and grinding while listening to rapper Bryson Tiller.Malia s friend throws herself to the ground while Obama s daughter jokingly pretends to play the drums, matching her moves with the music.She then helps her friend up before they turn to watch the rest of the show, but the party was far from over.Footage later captured Malia taking her turn to writhe and roll on the grass, thrashing around before headbanging and pounding the ground during a guitar riff.Malia and her friends reportedly spent most of their time backstage during The Killers set, before going to the grassy area to dance.  Daily Mail In other words, Malia Obama was backstage hanging out with the one-percenters. Don t tell her racist mom it could blow the whole  victim  narrative she pushed for 8 painful years ",0
10225,PRESIDENT TRUMP’S NEW CHIEF OF STAFF Wants His Boss To Stop Tweeting…But Only About One Thing,"Right before eighth grade, Trump s father sent him literally up the river to New York Military Academy in the Hudson Valley. Trump would spend the next five years there.Retired Col. Ted Dobias remembers the tall, lanky kid who showed up at his dormitory. I put [him] down at the end of the hall. He didn t know how to make a bed. He didn t know how to shine his shoes. He had a problem, you know, with being a cadet. You know, being a cadet, you gotta take care of yourself,  Dobias said.And Trump the cadet didn t quite know how, at first. Dobias had a reputation for being one of the school s toughest instructors. He was a hardened World War II veteran who made it clear to Trump   he didn t care who his daddy was. When he got out of line, he got the same treatment like everybody else. His name was Donald Trump, like Johnny Jones. It was all the same,  Dobias said.  Nobody was different. We treated everyone alike. Back in Trump s day, cadets would wake up near the crack of dawn, hurry into their uniforms and march in formation to breakfast. First-year cadets had to eat their meals squared-off   lifting their forks in a right angle path into their mouths. And after breakfast, they d scurry back to clean their rooms for inspection. Dobias said it was a place where kids who didn t like following the rules learned to like it. It s a hell of a thing for a kid to go to a military school   especially when you have to say,  Yes sir,   No sir,  have to learn how to salute, how to do about-face, how to march, how to carry a gun,  said Dobias.But instead of recoiling from the discipline, Trump thrived under it. In her book The Trumps: Three Generations of Builders and a Presidential Candidate, Gwenda Blair notes how  Donald seemed to welcome being in a place with clear-cut parameters, a place where he could focus on figuring out how to come out on top and get what he wanted. Mike Kabealo, one of Trump s roommates at NYMA, said in the confines of the school s rigid rules, Trump wanted to be a standout. Cocksure, positive and anything-you-can-do-I-can-do-better kind of stuff   you know, he was very competitive,  Kabealo said.And friends say Trump channeled that competitiveness into everything at military school. When he was in charge of the rifle rack, he cleaned the rifles obsessively. He was meticulous about his uniform. When it was his turn to do inspections in the barracks, he whipped other cadets into shape.   NPRGiven his success in the military academy, is it any surprise then, that President Trump would choose a former general to be his chief of staff?White House Chief of Staff John Kelly aims to stop President Trump from making policy announcements on Twitter, according to a report Friday night.While Kelly acknowledges he can t stop Trump from tweeting, the new chief of staff would like to know what the president plans to tweet before he does so. He would prefer big policy decisions not be announced on Twitter.The goal is  pushing the tweets in the right direction,  Politico reported, citing a White House official.Trump made waves on July 26 when he announced on Twitter that he would ban transgender people from the military:After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 .Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 .victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017The Defense Department has since said it won t execute a policy based on Trump s tweet until it would receives formal guidance, which the White House has not provided yet.Politico reported that White House and Defense Department lawyers had warned Trump against the transgender military ban, fearing the legal backlash that would follow. The lawyers only learned about Trump s decision when he tweeted it.   Washington Examiner ",0
10226,MAJOR LIBERAL RAG RELUCTANTLY PUBLISHES Article On President Trump’s Outstanding Accomplishments…It’s How They Explain His Successes That Has Everyone Laughing,"The Atlantic, a publication that wouldn t know unbiased journalism if it bit them in the a$$ published what appears to be a reluctant piece on President Trump s outstanding accomplishments during his first 6 months in office. Most of the people reading this piece by The Atlantic are fans of their writing because they ve bought into the progressive, anti-American sentiment they were fed like crack cocaine in college. Almost like the patch that smokers wear to help them get through the withdrawal of nicotine while going through a cessation program, The Atlantic provides their readers with enough anti-Trump propaganda to keep them in business, while acting like a support group for their readers, who fear every anti-American piece of legislation Barack Obama worked so hard to implement, is all unraveling, thanks to this guy who  foolishly  wants  Make America Great Again . Of course, in the eyes of The Atlantic reader, America was never great to begin with.The parts where The Atlantic talks about President Trump s accomplishments are italicized and the comments the writer makes to counter Trump s successes have been highlighted.The Atlantic starts out the article by giving credit to Trump s  shadow government , as somehow being responsible for his amazing successes in his first 6 months. According to The Atlantic, the  actual government  is the fake news stories and the obsession with negative chatter surrounding Trump s presidency, while President Trump s accomplishments have been hidden in the  shadows .The Atlantic  Imagine, if you will, that there is a shadow government.The actual government, the administration of Donald Trump, is coming off the worst week of his presidency, although there haven t been any smooth weeks. Trump s top legislative priority, repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act, seems dead for the moment. (Tax reform? Forget it.) His administration has set a new standard for chaos and dysfunction, rolling through staffers the way other administrations run through, well, legislative initiatives. Trump s foreign policy remains inchoate and ineffective. Meanwhile, a special counsel investigation looms over the entire administration, threatening both its legitimacy and legal jeopardy for some of its members.Things are going considerably better for the shadow government. With the Trump administration s chaos sucking up all the attention, it s been able to move forward on a range of its priorities, which tend to be more focused on regulatory matters anyway. It is remaking the justice system, rewriting environmental rules, overhauling public-lands administration, and greenlighting major infrastructure projects. It is appointing figures who will guarantee the triumph of its ideological vision for decades to come. let s consider the Trump administration s accomplishments. Spoiler alert: like climate change, they re real.One of the two biggest victories has come on border security, which was one of Trump s top campaign priorities. Border crossings have already plummeted, suggesting that rhetoric making it clear to immigrants that they are not welcome is effective in its own right. Customs and Border Protections report that apprehensions of unauthorized people are down nearly 20 percent from the same time in 2016. (Trump continues to radically exaggerate these figures, though.) This decline has occurred despite Trump being foiled on his actual policy proposals at the border. Construction hasn t begun on his border wall yet, and federal courts have repeatedly smacked down his Muslim travel ban.That said, he did get one good result in courts and that points to a second area of success. The Supreme Court allowed parts of the travel ban to go forward, in a victory that would not have happened without Neil Gorsuch on the court, filling a seat that under all previous customs would have been filled by Barack Obama s appointee Merrick Garland. Given his legislative struggles, the most enduring Trump victories are likely to come in the judicial branch.Trump may get to appoint several more justices to the high court. And in the meantime, he s filling up lower courts with lifetime appointees. As the veteran Democratic official Ron Klain wrote recently,  A massive transformation is underway in how our fundamental rights are defined by the federal judiciary. For while President Trump is incompetent at countless aspects of his job, he is proving wildly successful in one respect: naming youthful conservative nominees to the federal bench in record-setting numbers. There are the quiet, far-reaching changes. Getting back to Pruitt, the environment is one of the places where the Trump administration has had its largest impact. The most prominent move was Trump s June 1 announcement that the U.S. will withdraw from the Paris climate accord. But the EPA is moving on other fronts as well. It s working to dismantle Barack Obama s Clean Power Plan, a signature policy aimed at reducing greenhouse-gas emissions. In June, following a February executive order from Trump, the EPA began the process of rescinding the 2015 Waters of the United States rule, which aimed at protecting smaller bodies of water and streams in the same way that larger ones had been. In December, in the closing weeks of his administration, Obama banned drilling in the Arctic and parts of the Atlantic Ocean; the Trump administration promptly set about undoing that ban. (How interested oil companies will be remains to be seen.)The New York Times found in June that Pruitt s EPA  has moved to undo, delay or otherwise block more than 30 environmental rules, a regulatory rollback larger in scope than any other over so short a time in the agency s 47-year history.  And it might have done more if not for constraints imposed by judges. EPA tried to abandon an Obama-era rule on methane emissions, but a court on Monday forced it to continue enforcing the rule.Other agencies are also in on the environmental deregulation act. The State Department reversed an Obama-era decision, clearing the way for the Keystone XL pipeline to begin construction. The Interior Department is considering reversing a rule on fracking on public lands, and might also reverse some equipment regulations on offshore drilling equipment implemented after the 2010 Gulf oil spill. The department has rolled back a ban on coal mining on public lands.Although the Justice Department had staunchly opposed a Texas voting law that has repeatedly been smacked down by courts as discriminatory, Sessions switched the department s position, and it has now told courts the law ought to be allowed to remain. The attorney general has also sought to cut off funding to so-called sanctuary cities, though his legal authority to do so is disputed.Curiously, since he campaigned as an atypically LGBT-friendly Republican, Trump has also made a range of changes on gay issues. Last week alone, the Justice Department announced that sexual orientation was not covered by Section VII, and the president said that transgender people would not be allowed to serve in the military. The administration has also rejected Obama-era protections for transgender students. ",0
10227,MEET “LYIN’ LIZZIE”: Why Was Obama’s AG LORETTA LYNCH Using Her Grandmother’s Name As An Alias In Email Communication With DOJ?,"More bad news for Lyin  Loretta or Lyin  Lizzie, depending upon who Obama s former AG (the chief law enforcement officer and chief lawyer of the United States government) decided she needed to be on any given day.So much for Obama s  most transparent government ever LOL!On Friday internet sleuth Kim Dotcom dropped a bomb on Twitter.Kim posted an email Friday showing Loretta Lynch using an alias to contact DOJ officials.Yesterday, we reported about the new DOJ emails that were released to the American Center for Law and Justice (ACLJ) as part of an ongoing investigation into the secret meeting between former AG Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton, whose wife Hillary Clinton, was under investigation by the FBI at the time of the meeting.One of those emails reveals that Obama s crooked AG Loretta Lynch, was hiding her name, and using her grandmother s name (Elizabeth Carlisle) as an alias:Melanie Newman from the Department of Justice leaked it in the email. And  AG Lynch (Elizabeth Carlisle) then responded with a  thanks to all who worked on this. Here is Kim DotCom s tweet:BREAKING: Did Loretta Lynch use an alias to communicate with DOJ officials and why? Who is Elizabeth Carlisle? Dear Internet, investigate! pic.twitter.com/oqngTKDhLY  Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) August 5, 2017Here s another example of an email where Lyin  Lynch used her grandmother s name:DOJ FOIA request dump, on page 210, it appears DOJ employees are sending someone named Elizabeth Carlisle email messages meant for Lynch. pic.twitter.com/wshcRpWGD6  Washington's Ghost (@solight111) August 5, 2017Now this  Reddit The Donald users discovered that Loretta Lynch used her grandmother s maiden name  Lizzie Carlisle  as her alias.Loretta s grandmother s name is Lizzie Carlisle Harris. Loretta s mother s name is Lorine Harris Lynch.Here is her grandmother s death certificate.h/t Gateway Pundit As it turns out, Lyin  Loretta wasn t the Obama s only AG to use an alias while conducting government business. According to Buzzfeed investigative reporter Jason Leopold, Obama s first crooked AG Eric Holder also used the alias  Lew Alcindor  in his official government capacity:3 yrs later. DOJ responds to my #FOIA re: media leaks. Here's a few emails from ""Lew Alcindor"" aka Eric Holder https://t.co/MZfqnnW4Hz  Jason Leopold (@JasonLeopold) March 3, 2017 ",0
10228,UN AMBASSADOR SAMANTHA POWER Unmasked Hundreds of Trump Associates During 2016 Election [Video],"Adam Kredo of WFB asks the question we all want the answer to:  The fact that this information subsequently leaked to the press, I think raises even more questions about why a U.N ambassador over in Turtle Bay needs to unmask.  Samantha Power is a longtime Obama loyalist but her husband might be the key to all of this (see below).Power is believed to have made  hundreds  of unmasking requests to  identify individuals named in classified intelligence community reports related to Trump and his presidential transition team, according to multiple sources who said the behavior is unprecedented for an official in her position,  according to the Washington Free Beacon.Hannity asked Kredo how Power would ever have the authority to make the unmasking requests, and then asked whether this has ever happened previously to his knowledge. No, it s truly unprecedented,  Kredo said.  It s certainly odd, and I think the House Intelligence Committee, rightfully so, has subpoenaed her to find out what is going on here. Look, it s hundreds of unmasking requests in just the final year of the Obama administration. WE VE FOLLOWED THE  QUEEN OF GEORGE SOROS  AND HERE S WHAT WE KNOW:In 2005 06, Power worked as a foreign policy fellow in the office of U.S. Senator Barack Obama.In a 2007 interview, Power said that America s relationship with Israel  has often led foreign policy decision-makers to defer reflexively to Israeli security assessments, and to replicate Israeli tactics  The United States, she explained, had brought terrorist attacks upon itself by aping Israel s violations of human rights.Power has had her fair share of controversy, specifically after she was forced to resign from the president s 2008 campaign following negative remarks she made about Hillary Clinton.In an interview with The Scotsman during the heat of the 2008 presidential race, Power called Clinton a  monster. Power was soon back in with the Obama camp. Her husband is Obama s former Regulatory Czar Cass Sunstein.SUNSTEIN IS ONE SCARY GUY WHO WANTED GOVERNMENT TO INTRUDE ON YOUR PRIVACY:SALON reported:Cass Sunstein has long been one of Barack Obama s closest confidants. Often mentioned as a likely Obama nominee to the Supreme Court, Sunstein is Obama s head of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs where, among other things, he is responsible for  overseeing policies relating to privacy, information quality, and statistical programs.  In 2008, while at Harvard Law School, Sunstein co-wrote a truly pernicious paper proposing that the U.S. Government employ teams of covert agents and pseudo- independent  advocates to  cognitively infiltrate  online groups and websites   as well as other activist groups   which advocate views that Sunstein deems  false conspiracy theories  about the Government. This would be designed to increase citizens  faith in government officials and undermine the credibility of conspiracists. The paper s abstract can be read, and the full paper downloaded, here.Sunstein advocates that the Government s stealth infiltration should be accomplished by sending covert agents into  chat rooms, online social networks, or even real-space groups.  He also proposes that the Government make secret payments to so-called  independent  credible voices to bolster the Government s messaging (on the ground that those who don t believe government sources will be more inclined to listen to those who appear independent while secretly acting on behalf of the Government). This program would target those advocating false  conspiracy theories,  which they define to mean:  an attempt to explain an event or practice by reference to the machinations of powerful people, who have also managed to conceal their role. Read more: WFB",0
10229,"WOW! THE WASHINGTON POST Publishes #RealNews Story About President Trump : Under Trump’s Leadership, Gains Against ISIS Have “Dramatically Accelerated”","The Washington Post   Nearly a third of territory reclaimed from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since 2014 has been won in the past six months, due to new policies adopted by the Trump administration, a senior State Department official said Friday.Brett McGurk, the State Department s senior envoy to the anti-Islamic State coalition, said that steps President Trump has taken, including delegating decision-making authority down from the White House to commanders in the field, have  dramatically accelerated  gains against the militants.Combined Islamic State losses in both countries since the group s peak control in early 2015 total about 27,000 square miles of territory   78 percent of militant holdings in Iraq and 58 percent in Syria. About 8,000 square miles have been reclaimed under Trump, McGurk said in a briefing for reporters.Although the Trump administration has yet to announce its new strategy for the campaign against the Islamic State, McGurk cited  key changes  under Trump. In addition to the delegation of decision-making authority, which he said has allowed much greater responsiveness to opportunities and changing circumstances, he cited a  campaign of annihilation  that has concentrated on surrounding cities held by the militants before launching offensives, to ensure that no militants will escape.He said the 2,000 militants remaining in Raqqa  most likely will die in Raqqa.  The United Nations has estimated that 25,000 civilians also remain in the city.McGurk, who held the same job in the Obama administration, also cited renewed administration efforts to  increase burden sharing from the coalition  among what he said were 73 countries. Most of them do not contribute to the warfighting but are expected to help with stabilization efforts in cleared areas, including in the Iraqi city of Mosul, where U.S.-backed Iraq security forces declared victory over the Islamic State last month.",0
10230,4 Of 8 DETROIT MAYORAL Candidates Are Felons…Two Convicted Of Assault With Intent To Commit Murder: “Black marks on your record show you have lived a little…”,"Half of the eight mayoral hopefuls on Detroit s primary ballot next week have been convicted of felony crimes involving drugs, assault or weapons, a Detroit News analysis shows.Three were charged with gun crimes and two for assault with intent to commit murder. Some of the offenses date back decades, the earliest to 1977. The most recent was in 2008.Political consultant Greg Bowens said there are candidates with past hardships in every election cycle. It s not something unique to Detroit or the political arena in general, he said. Black marks on your record show you have lived a little and have overcome some challenges,  said Bowens, a former press secretary to Detroit Mayor Dennis Archer and NAACP activist.  They (candidates) deserve the opportunity to be heard, but they also deserve to have the kind of scrutiny that comes along with trying to get an important elected position. Tuesday s Detroit mayoral primary election is the first since the city exited bankruptcy in 2014. The field of eight will be narrowed to two who will face off in the fall.Under state election law, convicted felons can vote and run for office as long as they are not incarcerated or guilty of certain fraud-related offenses, or crimes involving a breach of the public trust. The Detroit News reviewed the backgrounds of all the mayoral contenders.   Detroit News",0
10231,AUDIT: Obama’s IRS ‘Misled’ Americans to Get Them to Sign Up for Obamacare,"Soooo the IRS lied to Americans to  prod  them to comply and sign up for Obamacare. They lied about the cost of Obamacare. Does anyone see the criminality in this? It s a classic bait and switch but by our government! The Obama administration  misled  Americans into thinking signing up for Obamacare would be cheaper than it really was, according to an inspector general s report Thursday that said the IRS dramatically understated the actual cost of enrolling. IRS officials sent the letters to try to prod Americans to comply with the 2010 health law s  individual mandate  that penalizes them for not holding coverage.But as part of the letters, the IRS said most people could find plans for $75 a month or less once government subsidies were figured in. That was untrue   in fact, the average cost was more than twice that figure, at $168 a month, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration said. Many of the nearly 7.5 million taxpayers who receive letters and seek insurance may feel misled if the actual cost of their insurance is much higher than the $75 per month detailed in their notification letter,  the inspector general concluded. The IRS said it was only using numbers provided by Department of Health and Human Services and verified by the Treasury Department. They said the $75 figure was true for some taxpayers.The inspector general said it asked for that documentation but never received it.Auditors said their own analysis found the HHS studies were based on a smaller sample and was limited to those who chose lower-coverage plans with fewer benefits.According to the new audit, federal regulations require agencies to present accurate information.Investigators uncovered the misleading information as part of a broader audit about how the IRS was handling its role in alerting Americans who aren t complying with Obamacare s mandate to hold insurance.Read more: WT ",0
10232,WHOA! NEW EMAILS SHOW COMEY FBI LIED About Meeting Between Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch On Tarmac…Proves Media Colluded With Obama’s DOJ To Kill Story About Tarmac Meeting [VIDEO],"A new email dump from the FBI via a FOIA request by the ACLJ reveals what appears to be collusion between the media and the DOJ to squash the story about the 2016 meeting between Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton on the tarmac in Phoenix, AZ.Also Comey reportedly said the FBI had no documents related to this meeting to fill a prior FOIA request. That apparently isn t true, given this new email dump.  The Right ScoopWatch:From the ACLJ: We have just obtained hundreds of pages in our ongoing investigation and federal lawsuit on former Attorney General Loretta Lynch s tarmac meeting with former President Bill Clinton while the Department of Justice (DOJ) and FBI had an ongoing criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton s emails. The results are shocking.Watch Lynch s explanation of her meeting with Bill Clinton on the tarmac:First, the Comey FBI lied to us. Last July, we sent FOIA requests to both the Comey FBI and the Lynch DOJ asking for any documents related to the Clinton Lynch plane meeting. The FBI, under the then directorship of James Comey, replied that  No records responsive to your request were located. The documents we received today from the Department of Justice include several emails from the FBI to DOJ officials concerning the meeting. One with the subject line  FLAG  was correspondence between FBI officials (Richard Quinn, FBI Media/Investigative Publicity, and Michael Kortan) and DOJ officials concerning  flag[ing] a story . . . about a casual, unscheduled meeting between former president Bill Clinton and the AG.  The DOJ official instructs the FBI to  let me know if you get any questions about this  and provides  [o]ur talkers [DOJ talking points] on this . The talking points, however are redacted.Another email to the FBI contains the subject line  security details coordinate between Loretta Lynch/Bill Clinton? On July 1, 2016   just days before our FOIA request   a DOJ email chain under the subject line,  FBI just called,  indicates that the  FBI . . . is looking for guidance  in responding to media inquiries about news reports that the FBI had prevented the press from taking pictures of the Clinton Lynch meeting. The discussion then went off email to several phone calls (of which we are not able to obtain records). An hour later, Carolyn Pokomy of the Office of the Attorney General stated,  I will let Rybicki know.  Jim Rybicki was the Chief of Staff and Senior Counselor to FBI Director Jim Comey. The information that was to be provided to Rybicki is redacted.Also of note several of the documents contain redactions that are requested  per FBI. It is clear that there were multiple records within the FBI responsive to our request and that discussions regarding the surreptitious meeting between then AG Lynch and the husband of the subject of an ongoing FBI criminal investigation reached the highest levels of the FBI.However, on October 21, 2016, the Comey FBI replied to our legal demands that  No records responsive to your request were located.  This is in direct contravention to the law, and we are preparing further legal action to force the FBI to come clean and turn over ALL documents related to this matter to us in a timely manner.Second, the hundreds of pages of (heavily redacted   more on that below) documents paint a clear picture of a DOJ in crisis mode as the news broke of Attorney General Lynch s meeting with former President Clinton. In fact, the records appear to indicate that the Attorney General s spin team immediately began preparing talking points for the Attorney General regarding the meeting BEFORE ever speaking with the AG about the matter.Third, there is clear evidence that the main stream media was colluding with the DOJ to bury the story. A Washington Post reporter, speaking of the Clinton Lynch meeting story, said,  I m hoping I can put it to rest .  The same Washington Post reporter, interacting with the DOJ spin team, implemented specific DOJ requests to change his story to make the Attorney General appear in a more favorable light. A New York Times reporter apologetically told the Obama DOJ that he was being  pressed into service  to have to cover the story. As the story was breaking, DOJ press officials stated,  I also talked to the ABC producer, who noted that they aren t interested, even if Fox runs with it. Two days after the meeting, DOJ officials in a chain of emails that includes emails to Attorney General Lynch herself stated that the media coverage of the meeting  looks like all or most are FOX  and that  CBS . . . just says a few lines about the meeting. Fourth, DOJ bureaucrats have redacted all the talking points, discussions of talking points, a statement on the meeting that was apparently never delivered because there was not enough media coverage on the meeting, and its substantive discussions with the FBI on the matter. They absurdly claim the  deliberative process exemption  to FOIA, which is only supposed to apply to agency rulemaking processes.The ACLJ won t stop until justice is served on this matter:Discussions about Attorney General Lynch s ethically questionable meeting with former President Clinton during her investigation into Hillary Clinton clearly has nothing to do with any rule making process. We will be taking these redactions back to federal court. The law is on our side. We will keep pressing on with our investigation of former Attorney General Lynch until we get to the bottom of this.To donate to the ACLJ and help to fund the important work they re doing, click HERE.Here s James Comey discussing the Lynch and Clinton meeting on the tarmac:Here is Loretta Lynch s testimony before Congress regarding her meeting with Bill Clinton:",0
10233,MAXINE WATERS Wants Leaks to Continue…Claims World Leaders are “Glad” about Leaks [Video],"Maxine Waters wants the leaks to continue even if they are confidential! Waters was on The View when she claimed she s glad that the leaks are happening! This woman is off her rocker!OUR LATEST VIDEO ON  MAD MAXINE :MAXINE GOT A MAKEOVER and is hopping mad about speculation she s running for POTUS in 2020. It can t help that Tucker Carlson is mocking her just about every night.Waters was in a foul mood during an interview with her favorite news anchor Joy Reid. Reid is a foot soldier for Waters. These two get together every other day to bash Trump. Pitiful!The funny thing is that no one was criticizing Waters. They were merely speculating if she is considering a presidential run, something she has admitted to if she had the support of millennials. Right?Waters told Reid: Just because I m going to New Hampshire to be at a Democratic Party event for one of my colleagues, they made this story up. , or to make people uncomfortable with me, all of that. So you re gonna be hearing a lot more from them these people who are all, you know, aligned around trying to discredit Maxine Waters because she has stayed on Trump s case so much. And so you re going to hear a lot more from them. Don t believe anything they re saying. ",0
10234,REPORT: ROBERT MUELLER Targets Trump Son With Grand Jury,"Remember when Chelsea Clinton faced the same scrutiny as the Trump children by the media? Remember when the media scrutinized her involvement in the crooked Clinton Foundation, or when the media asked her why, after the email from her mother was exposed by Wikileaks that she knew the truth about the Benghazi attack having nothing to do with a video, but didn t tell anyone? Remember when the media asked her about her former Secretary of State mother and former President Barack Obama lying about the attack that left 4 Americans dead? Yeah neither do we. According to a Thursday Wall Street Journal report, Special Counsel Robert Mueller has been using a federal grand jury to assist his investigation into alleged Russian election interference. The report claims the grand jury has been in operation in Washington, DC for several weeks, although it does not provide a source for this information. As the article acknowledges, grand jury proceedings are typically sealed and participation is kept secret.The grand jury discussed is a different one from the Alexandria, Virginia one impaneled to investigate former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn earlier this year.The exact targets of Mueller s Russia grand jury were not clear from the Journal s report but Reuters followed up the report with an afternoon tweet claiming subpoenas were issued relating to Donald Trump Jr. s meetings with a Russian attorney last year. That meeting and the emails relating to it were the topic of wide media focus last month.In an accompanying report, Reuters specified  two sources  for their claims, indicating those close to the grand jury are breaking the confidence of that body. Leaking information from a grand jury investigation is often a federal crime. Under Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 6(e)(2)(B), the following people, and more, are sworn to secrecy under threat of criminal contempt of court:(i) a grand juror;(ii) an interpreter;(iii) a court reporter;(iv) an operator of a recording device;(v) a person who transcribes recorded testimony;(vi) an attorney for the governmentThe impaneling of a grand jury alone does not indicate any burden of proof has been met or evidence uncovered regarding collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian government or any other matter under Special Counsel Mueller s purview. Grand juries can be convened effectively at will by an official, like Mueller, with federal prosecutorial power.Grand juries are the means by which federal criminal indictments are issued, but also serve an investigative purpose that is likely an important aim in this case. Once impaneled, the grand jurors can, typically at the express urging of the prosecutor, issue wide-reaching subpoenas and call before them witnesses. In turn, the prosecutor can use this testimony and evidence to assemble a case for probable cause and ask the jury to issue an indictment, all without the defense counsel and other protections with which Americans are familiar from a trial setting.  Breitbart ",0
10235,AG JEFF SESSIONS Warns Leakers…Taking Steps to Stop the Leaks that “Hurt Our Country” [Video],"Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced today that the DOJ is taking steps to reduce the amount of leaking from the White House:Sessions said during his Friday press briefing that everyone in government  can do better  and must practice more discipline when it comes to the leaking of classified information. Simply put, these leaks hurt our country,  Sessions said.  All of us in government can do better. To prevent these leaks every agency and Congress have to do better,  Sessions said.  We are taking a stand. This culture of leaking must stop. Sessions said that there are multiple steps being taken by the National Insider Threat Task Force to prosecute those who leak classified information. Since January the department has more than tripled the number of active leak investigations compared to the number pending at the end of the last administration,  Sessions said. And we ve already charged four people with unlawfully disclosing classified material or with concealing contacts with federal officers,  he said.AG Sessions also said he s Considering Reviewing Policies Involving Media Subpoenas:",0
10236,Why Donald J. Trump Is The Only One Who Can Defeat An Anti-American Party That’s Gone Unopposed For 50 Years ,"Every American should read and share this brilliant article.So, to my friends on the Left   and the #NeverTrumpers as well   do I wish we lived in a time when our president could be  collegial  and  dignified  and  proper ? Of course I do. These aren t those times. This is war. And it s a war that the Left has been fighting without opposition for the past 50 years.So, say anything you want about this president   I get it, he can be vulgar, he can be crude, he can be undignified at times. I don t care. I can t spare this man. He fightsHE FIGHTSMy Leftist friends (as well as many ardent #NeverTrumpers) constantly ask me if I m not bothered by Donald Trump s lack of decorum. They ask if I don t think his tweets are  beneath the dignity of the office.  Here s my answer:We Right-thinking people have tried dignity. There could not have been a man of more quiet dignity than George W. Bush as he suffered the outrageous lies and politically motivated hatreds that undermined his presidency. We tried statesmanship. Could there be another human being on this earth who so desperately prized  collegiality  as John McCain? We tried propriety   has there been a nicer human being ever than Mitt Romney? And the results were always the same.This is because, while we were playing by the rules of dignity, collegiality and propriety, the Left has been, for the past 60 years, engaged in a knife fight where the only rules are those of Saul Alinsky and the Chicago mob.I don t find anything  dignified,   collegial  or  proper  about Barack Obama s lying about what went down on the streets of Ferguson in order to ramp up racial hatreds because racial hatreds serve the Democratic Party. I don t see anything  dignified  in lying about the deaths of four Americans in Benghazi and imprisoning an innocent filmmaker to cover your tracks. I don t see anything  statesman-like  in weaponizing the IRS to be used to destroy your political opponents and any dissent. Yes, Obama was  articulate  and  polished  but in no way was he in the least bit  dignified,   collegial  or  proper. The Left has been engaged in a war against America since the rise of the Children of the  60s. To them, it has been an all-out war where nothing is held sacred and nothing is seen as beyond the pale. It has been a war they ve fought with violence, the threat of violence, demagoguery and lies from day one   the violent take-over of the universities   till today.The problem is, through these years, the Left has been the only side fighting this war. While the Left has been taking a knife to anyone who stands in their way, the Right has continued to act with dignity, collegiality and propriety.With Donald Trump, this all has come to an end. Donald Trump is America s first wartime president in the Culture War.During wartime, things like  dignity  and  collegiality  simply aren t the most essential qualities one looks for in their warriors. Ulysses Grant was a drunk whose behavior in peacetime might well have seen him drummed out of the Army for conduct unbecoming. Had Abraham Lincoln applied the peacetime rules of propriety and booted Grant, the Democrats might well still be holding their slaves today. Lincoln rightly recognized that,  I cannot spare this man. He fights. General George Patton was a vulgar-talking, son-of-a-bitch. In peacetime, this might have seen him stripped of rank. But, had Franklin Roosevelt applied the normal rules of decorum, then Hitler and the Socialists would barely be five decades into their thousand-year Reich.Trump is fighting. And what s particularly delicious is that, like Patton standing over the battlefield as his tanks obliterated Rommel s, he s shouting,  You magnificent bastards, I read your book!  That is just the icing on the cake, but it s wonderful to see that not only is Trump fighting, he s defeating the Left using their own tactics.That book is Saul Alinsky s Rules for Radicals   a book so essential to the Liberals  war against America that it is and was the playbook for the entire Obama administration and the subject of Hillary Clinton s senior thesis. It is a book of such pure evil, that, just as the rest of us would dedicate our book to those we most love or those to whom we are most indebted, Alinsky dedicated his book to Lucifer.Trump s tweets may seem rash and unconsidered but, in reality, he is doing exactly what Alinsky suggested his followers do. First, instead of going after  the fake media    and they are so fake that they have literally gotten every single significant story of the past 60 years not just wrong, but diametrically opposed to the truth, from the Tet Offensive to Benghazi, to what really happened on the streets of Ferguson, Missouri   Trump has isolated CNN. He made it personal. Then, just as Alinsky suggests, he employs ridicule which Alinsky described as  the most powerful weapon of all. Everyone gets that it s not just CNN   in fact, in a world where Al Sharpton and Rachel Maddow, Paul Krugman and Nicholas Kristof are people of influence and whose  reporting  is in no way significantly different than CNN s   CNN is just a piker.Most importantly, Trump s tweets have put CNN in an untenable and unwinnable position. With Trump s ability to go around them, they cannot simply stand pat. They need to respond. This leaves them with only two choices.They can either  go high  (as Hillary would disingenuously declare of herself and the fake news would disingenuously report as the truth) and begin to honestly and accurately report the news or they can double-down on their usual tactics and hope to defeat Trump with twice their usual hysteria and demagoguery.The problem for CNN (et al.) with the former is, if they were to start honestly reporting the news, that would be the end of the Democratic Party they serve. It is nothing but the incessant use of fake news (read: propaganda) that keeps the Left alive. Imagine, for example, if CNN had honestly and accurately reported then-candidate Barack Obama s close ties to foreign terrorists (Rashid Khalidi), domestic terrorists (William Ayers), the mafia (Tony Rezko) or the true evils of his spiritual mentor, Jeremiah Wright s, church.Imagine if they had honestly and accurately conveyed the evils of the Obama administration s weaponizing of the IRS to be used against their political opponents or his running of guns to the Mexican cartels or the truth about the murder of Ambassador Christopher Stevens and the Obama administration s cover-up. This makes  going high  a non-starter for CNN. This leaves them no other option but to ratchet up the fake news, conjuring up the next  nothing burger  and devoting 24 hours a day to hysterical rants about how it s  worse than Nixon. This, obviously, is what CNN has chosen to do. The problem is, as they become more and more hysterical, they become more and more obvious. Each new effort at even faker news than before, and faker  outrage  only makes that much more clear to any objective observer that Trump is and always has been right about the fake news media.And, by causing their hysteria, Trump has forced them into numerous, highly embarrassing and discrediting mistakes. Thus, in their desperation, they have lowered their standards even further and run with articles so clearly fake that, even with the liberal (lower case  l ) libel laws protecting the media, they ve had to wholly retract and erase their stories repeatedly.Their flailing at Trump has even seen them cross the line into criminality, with CNN using their vast corporate fortune to hunt down a private citizen for having made fun of them in an Internet meme. This threat to  dox    release of personal information to encourage co-ideologists to visit violence upon him and his family   a political satirist was chilling in that it clearly wasn t meant just for him. If it were, there would have been no reason for CNN to have made their  deal  with him public.Instead, CNN   playing by  Chicago Rules    was sending a message to any and all: dissent will not be tolerated. This heavy-handed and hysterical response to a joke on the Internet has backfired on CNN, giving rise to only more righteous ridicule.So, to my friends on the Left   and the #NeverTrumpers as well   do I wish we lived in a time when our president could be  collegial  and  dignified  and  proper ? Of course I do. These aren t those times. This is war. And it s a war that the Left has been fighting without opposition for the past 50 years.So, say anything you want about this president   I get it, he can be vulgar, he can be crude, he can be undignified at times. I don t care. I can t spare this man. He fights.Townhall published this brilliant article on July 13, 2017.  It was written by Conservative author and pundit Evan Sayet, who is the author of The KinderGarden of Eden: How The Modern Liberal Thinks. His lecture to the Heritage Foundation on this same topic remains, some ten years later, by far the single most viewed lecture in their history.Here is the link to the video of Evan Sayet s viral lecture on  How the modern liberal thinks. ",0
10237,DEMOCRATIC SENATOR Justifies Leaking of Trump’s Phone Conversations [Video],"Senator Jeanne Shaheen justifies leaking phone conversations of President Trump! She says that Trump s tweeting is  a problem  and that it s a  serious situation . She s on the Foreign Relations Committee!MSNBC s Chris Matthews asked Shaheen what she thought of officials leaking the conversations: My experience is that when people feel like they need to leak something like that, it s because they have concerns about what s going on and I think that s one of the challenges. When we have a president who tries to make national security policy or foreign policy through tweeting, then we have a problem, and my guess is that s why people are leaking this kind of information, because they want the public to know how serious this situation is. What in the world is this woman talking about? Under no circumstances is this ok! Shaheen is on the Foreign Relations Committee! Her website says: As a member of the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, Senator Shaheen is committed to helping build strong international alliances to bolster America s national security and boost our economy.How will it help  international alliances  if the world leaders are fearful of leaks if they call President Trump?",0
10238,FOX LEGAL EXPERT CALLS OUT ‘PARTIAL’ MUELLER: Must Resign After Latest Hire Who Was Appointed by Obama [Video],"Gregg Jarrett says Mueller must resign after his latest new hire for the panel of lawyers. The entire panel is biased. In addition, Mueller was the FBI Director and Comey the DA for the Southern District New York for the Clinton/Rich investigation, after Rich s wife donated money to the Clinton library and Hillary campaign.Mueller has hired 16 very far left lawyers! He should resign!Our Previous Report on Mueller:  Are there any Trump donors on the team? GREAT QUESTION BY TOM FITTON! Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton joined FOX News to explain Mueller s latest hire of Andrew Goldstein, a former prosecutor who worked under Preet Bharara in New York. Remember Prett Bharara? Trump fired him! Fitton questioned who is overseeing Mueller s day-to-day conduct, pointing to the 12 hires he has made for his legal team all liberal political hacks!Special Counsel Mueller s investigation is out of control. @realDonaldTrump DOJ should shut it down. https://t.co/IYr9Hiqkix  Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) July 2, 2017A VERY KEY REASON FOR THIS WITCH HUNT TO END IS THAT: Several of the lawyers donated to Democrats and it seems that the team is  searching for a crime. Fitton said:  I don t understand what this investigation is about.. You know my count is 14, 15 lawyers to have working on this one investigation to investigate to investigate what? An employment dispute between Comey and the President? You have the conflicts caused by Comey leaking records to get Mueller appointed, you have Constitutional concerns about the way the office operates. Fitton then pointed out what s a big concern for most people watching this unfold:  Are there any Trump donors on the team? IN CASE YOU HAVEN T HEARD   HERE S OUR RECENT REPORT ON THE LOPSIDED GROUP OF ALL DEMOCRAT DONOR LAWYERS HELPING MUELLER TRY AND BURY TRUMP:Former NH Governor John Sununu let Alison Camarata have it when she asked about the Russia investigation and Robert Mueller. Sununu said that Trump should have been notified if he was under investigation and then he slammed Mueller for hiring all Dems.Camerota:  Should the White House know if the President is being investigated for obstruction of justice? Sununu:  If the President is being investigated for obstruction of justice, the White House should have been officially notified. Sununu:  What bothers me the most and there must be a reason for it, is Mueller making four of his first hires so blatantly biased lawyers, pro-Democrat lawyers with a bias certainly against the President. Maybe Mueller has decided internally that this isn t going anywhere and that the only way he can have credibility on a decision saying that there s nothing there is to have that decision come from a group of lawyers that are so blatantly biased against the President. CNN Reports   Three members of the legal team known to have been hired so far by special counsel Robert Mueller to handle the Russia investigation have given political donations almost exclusively to Democrats, according to a CNN analysis of Federal Election Commission records.",0
10239,WATCH: West Virginia Governor Announces He’s Leaving Dem Party At Massive Trump Rally…Switching To GOP…More #Winning,"West Virginia Governor Jim Justice gave Trump fans a YUGE surprise when he attended Trump s massive rally and announced he was leaving the Democrat Party and would be moving over to join the Republican s the party that just can t stop winning.Governor Justice to crowd: We hurt a lot of people. We walked away from the old. I came to only get something done. Let me just say this to you as bluntly as I can say it. The Democrats walked away from me. Today I will tell you with lots of prayers and lots and thinking. Today I have to tell you I can t help you any more being a Democrat governor. So tomorrow I will be changing my registration to Republican!The Governor was a little late to the party, but nevertheless, he s on the Trump train now and he s about see what it feels like to be part of a party that actually loves America.Here s the video:West Virginia Democratic Governor Jim Justice announces that he is switching parties to GOP https://t.co/io13ugk6KD https://t.co/GZkqWBJ6z3  NBC News (@NBCNews) August 3, 2017",0
10240,"McMaster Gave Susan Rice Continued Access To Classified Info, She Still Has Clearance","This very important scandal is unfolding before us. It has many, many  legs  with different Obama administration officials involved. Don t count on the main stream media to fill you in. This is a big deal!Andrew McCarthy said it best: The national-security adviser is not an investigator. She is a White House staffer. The president s staff is a consumer of intelligence, not a generator or collector of it. If Susan Rice was unmasking Americans, it was not to fulfill an intelligence need based on American interests; it was to fulfill a political desire based on Democratic-party interests. Circa News has been uncovering disturbing information regarding the  unmasking  of American citizens and how Obama provided a way for the unmasking to go  unfettered . Susan Rice and Samantha Power both have  unfettered access  to classified material and likely unmasked many in government. Sara Carter reports below on H.R. McMaster s involvement in this unmasking:Almost one month after it was disclosed that former President Obama s National Security Adviser Susan Rice was unmasking members of President Trump s team and other Americans, Trump s own national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, sent an official letter giving her unfettered and continuing access to classified information and waiving her  need-to-know  requirement on anything she viewed or received during her tenure, Circa has confirmed.The undated and unclassified letter from McMaster was sent in the mail to Rice s home during the last week of April. Trump was not aware of the letter or McMaster s decision, according to two Senior West Wing officials and an intelligence official, who spoke to Circa on condition that they not be named. This is the letter from McMaster to Rice. Names, phone numbers and personal addresses have been blurred. I hereby waive the requirement that you must have a  need-to-know  to access any classified information contained in items you  originated, reviewed, signed or received while serving,  as National Security Adviser,  the letter said. The letter also states that the  NSC will continue to work with you to ensure the appropriate security clearance documentation remains on file to allow you access to classified information. Circa revealed in March that during President Obama s tenure, top aides   including Rice, former CIA Director John Brennan and former Attorney General Loretta Lynch   routinely reviewed intelligence reports received from the National Security Agency s incidental intercepts of Americans abroad. They were doing so by taking advantage of rules Obama relaxed starting in 2011 to help the government better fight terrorism, espionage by foreign enemies and hacking threats, according to documents obtained by Circa.In June, the House Intelligence Committee subpoenaed Rice as part of the committee s larger investigation into the unmasking of Americans under the Obama administration. Rice maintains that she never accessed the information inappropriately and has agreed to testify before the committee.Under the law, and under certain conditions, it is common practice for some senior government officials to be given the unfettered access to classified information, and their  need to know  is waived under  Executive Order 13526 Section 4.4 Access by Historical Researchers and Certain Former Government Personnel.  But the White House officials told Circa that under the current congressional investigation, and given President Trump s ongoing concern that members of his team were unmasked, Rice s clearance should have been limited to congressional testimony only or revoked until the end of the investigation. Rice and Brennan have confirmed they sought the unredacted names of Americans in NSA-sourced intelligence reports, but insisted their requests were routine parts of their work and that they did nothing improper. Former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power also has legal authority to unmask officials.In a June tweet, Trump called the revelation that Rice and other Obama senior officials were unmasking members of his team the  big story  the  unmasking and surveillance  that took place during the Obama administration. Basically, this letter which was signed in the last week of April undercuts the president s assertion that Susan Rice s unmasking activity was inappropriate. In essence, anybody who committed a violation as she did would not be given access to classified information,  said a senior West Wing official, who was shown the document by Circa and verified its authenticity.  In fact, they would have their security clearance and right to  need-to-know  stripped. The point is, is that it lowers the bar for her,  the Senior West Wing official said. This memo McMaster sent to Rice makes it so that she doesn t have to prove a continuing  need-to-know  to have access to classified information and in effect is a White House pardon of Susan Rice and could be used by other Obama officials who conducted targeted unmasking of the campaign as a defense,  the official added.REMEMBER THAT RICE RECENTLY LIED AGAIN ABOUT THE UNMASKING   SHE DID IT ON NATIONAL TV:If the Obama administration was good at anything, it was good at lying to hijack the narrative.Remember when Susan Rice lied after Benghazi? It is what she does so well. Flash forward to the latest hot water she s in and it s hard to tell what she d want us believe this time WHICH SHOULD WE BELIEVE? WHAT SHE SAID TO ANDREA MITCHELL OR TO JUDY WOODRUFF?Susan Rice appeared on Andrea Mitchell. She claimed she didn t leak  nothing to nobody Did you catch that double negative?There might be more to that because she s using words in the two sentences very carefully .Check it out:SUSAN RICE VERSION ONE:WATCH: Susan Rice insists  I leaked nothing to nobody  https://t.co/kAsbu4VJDN  MSNBC (@MSNBC) April 4, 2017SUSAN RICE VERSION TWO: I know nothing about this. I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today. What she says is a lie but who is surprised by this? We know that Susan Rice lied 5 times on 5 different morning shows the morning after Benghazi. Why wouldn t she try and cover this spying up to protect herself and others including Obama.Susan Rice is also giving conflicting stories on what she did so it might be a good idea for her to lawyer up right now. She claimed ignorance of the unmasking and spying but today she spoke about doing it. Yes, red flags are everywhere on this! The reality and truth is this was more of a political attack to destabilize the Trump presidency and embarrass him:The bottom line is that laws were broken when the names were unmasked Someone s in BIG trouble!Read more: circa news",0
10241,TRINITY COLLEGE TAKES MAJOR HIT With Donors After Reinstating Professor Who Sided With Sanders Supporter That Opened Fire On Republicans: “White People Should ‘F***ing Die”,"Four days after James T. Hodgkinson opened fire on a group of Republican congressmen at a baseball field in Alexandria, Virginia, Trinity Professor Johnny Eric Williams sided with anonymous blogger  Son of Baldwin,  who proposed that black emergency personnel should let wounded white people die rather than lend assistance. Baldwin posted his opinions under the hashtag, #LetThemFuckingDie.Professor Williams linked Son of Baldwin s statement, adopted the hashtag as his own, and posted some additional denunciations of white Americans for  their destructive mythology of whiteness and their white supremacy system.  Referring to all  self-identified  whites,  he wrote,  The time is now to confront these inhuman assholes and end this now. When Campus Reform broke the story on June 20, it rapidly spread through the media. Trinity College put Professor Williams on leave, beginning June 26.But after Trinity Dean and Vice President Tom Cresswell reviewed Williams  statements, he returned with a 31-page report that found his Facebook posts were  extramural utterances  protected by Trinity College s policy of academic freedom. Trinity College President Joanne Berger-Sweeney endorsed Dean Cresswell s findings, and added that she doesn t  condone the hashtag  which  offend[s] me personally  and  contradicts our fundamental institutional values.  Nevertheless, Williams has been reinstated in good standing.Trinity reached the decision because, like many other colleges, it has failed to draw meaningful lines between valid and invalid claims on academic freedom. That failure plunges colleges ever deeper into the mire of ethnic chauvinism, categorical hatreds, anti-intellectual diatribe, mind-deadening vulgarity, and psychopathology. Worse, we are getting used to this mire and finding it harder to defend essential distinctions. If we are at the point where #LetThemFuckingDie is upheld as a wholesome exercise in  extra-mural  academic speech, we are in serious trouble.   The FederalistThe hate-filled anti-white professor s disgusting Facebook comments didn t come without a price. Trinity College has reported to have lost 16 students and $200,000 in donations as a result of sociology professor Johnny Eric Williams.Washington Times   Trinity College President Joanne Berger-Sweeney sent a letter to school community members on Monday that detailed financial losses attributable to a Mr. Williams  racial tirade. He attracted national media attention after calling white people  inhuman a-holes  who need to  die  just days after a gunman critically wounded Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise and targeted other Republican lawmakers for assassination. We can and will recover from the financial cost of this incident; the work before us now is to heal as a community,  Ms. Berger-Sweeney wrote, the Hartford Courant reported Tuesday. The official said that she was  disappointed  in the wake of decisions by angry donors and former students, but offered respect  and hope that those individuals ultimately will see that there continue to be many good reasons to invest in Trinity. If you see [white people] drowning. If you see them in a burning building. If they are bleeding out in an emergency room. If the ground is crumbling beneath them. If they are in a park and they turn their weapons on each other: do nothing,  a June 16 article by  Son of Baldwin  says.  Let. Them. F-ing. Die. And smile a bit when you do,  an article shared on the professor s Facebook page on June 18 said.Mr. Williams was placed on leave after the scandal broke, but a report issued July 14 reinstated him and paved the way for a January 2018 return to the classroom.The Federalist   Trinity s dilemma is in large part a matter of a double standard, created to coddle black radicals on campus. The prevailing view among colleges and universities is that robust declarations of racial resentment by African-American professors or students should be considered within the bounds of academic freedom. This allowance is a one-way street. Similarly abusive language from a white or Asian professor would almost certainly be met with severe sanctions.Trinity s decision is but one incident of many in which college officials granted a pass to  hate speech  by radical professors. In 2015, Boston University Professor Saida Grundy received a slap on the wrist after tweeting:  Why is America so reluctant to identify white college males as a population problem?  Earlier this year, Texas A&M Professor Tommy Curry quietly skirted dismissal after an interview emerged in which he said  look, in order to be equal, in order to be liberated, some white people may have to die.  Students too get a pass.Gordon Barnes, editor-in-chief of The Advocate, the CUNY graduate student newspaper, published an editorial in fall 2014  In Support of Violence.  Barnes declared,  The time for peace has passed; indeed it never existed in this country.  He specifically called for violence against the police:  Violence directed towards state representatives is not only warranted, it is necessary.  CUNY apparently thought nothing amiss in Barnes  extra-mural utterances. To the contrary, in 2017 the CUNY Graduate Center featured Barnes for a  Ph.D. Snapshot  to advertise its history program.Remarks by a faculty member or a graduate student advocating violence against racial groups might well be reasonable grounds for strong sanctions, including possible dismissal. But this hasn t happened because colleges and universities have appointed so many faculty members who present themselves as authentic voices of black rage. It is plainly difficult to call someone to account for doing exactly what he was hired to do. Rage-filled black professors are not going to lose their positions for expressing rage.This situation grew out of decades in which colleges went out of their way to appoint black faculty members who held separatist views and who affected angry attitudes as a badge of authenticity. The initial impetus for such appointments came from liberal white professors who argued that recruiting in this vein would help the colleges retain black students, many of whom couldn t seem to come to grips with the traditional curriculum and the mostly white faculty that taught it.We saw this reflected in the Faculty Minutes of Bowdoin College, when we were researching the study that became  What Does Bowdoin Teach?  Faced with the skepticism of his colleagues, Professor Daniel Levine pushed for the immediate creation of Afro-American Studies in 1969. Bowdoin had no one qualified to teach the program. Levin responded by insisting, over and over,  It must be so!  He got his way. Bowdoin dived head first into creating a program grounded in angry politics, rather than scholarship.",0
10242,"DEMOCRAT HEADS SET TO EXPLODE: Feds Waive Environmental Regulations To Begin Construction On 15-Mile Border Wall At Site Of 31,000 Illegal Alien Apprehensions","The Department of Homeland Security announced its plans to build a 15-mile prototype of the border wall in San Diego.The department issued a waiver from numerous environmental laws and regulations to build the wall with  robust physical characteristics  to prevent illegal immigration crossings in an area of  high illegal entry. The Department is implementing President Trump s Executive Order 13767, Border Security and Immigration Enforcement Improvements, and continues to take steps to immediately plan, design, and construct a physical wall along the southern border, using appropriate materials and technology to most effectively achieve complete operational control of the southern border,  the department said in a statement Tuesday announcing plans to issue the waiver.In one of his last moves as DHS secretary, Gen. John Kelly signed the notice on July 26, before he was tapped to serve as White House chief of staff.The waiver was published in the Federal Register on Wednesday.The notice outlines the plans for projects along a 15-mile stretch along the Southwestern border in the San Diego sector. The department said the area is in need of further border protection immediately, as it is the site of over 31,000 illegal alien apprehensions, the seizure of 9,167 pounds of marijuana, and approximately 1,317 pounds of cocaine last year alone. The construction of border wall prototypes in the Project Area and the robust physical characteristics that are to be incorporated into the border wall prototypes are intended to deter illegal crossings,  the notice states.The department will waive several environmental regulations to build the prototype wall, including the National Environmental Policy Act, the Endangered Species Act, the Clean Water Act, and a host of others.DHS said it is still committed to safeguarding the environment but is eliminating onerous rules that would delay construction.For entire story: Washington Free Beacon",0
10243,KID ROCK BAND MEMBER PREDICTS: ‘That F*cker Could Win’ Senate Race,"Kid Rock Keyboardist Jimmie Bones is shocked but sure that Kid Rock could win it all and defeat Senator Debbie Stabenow to be the new Senator from Michigan.In an interview with Billboard, Kid Rock keyboardist Jimmie Bones said his bandmate has a good shot at defeating incumbent Sen. Debbie Stabenow (D-MI) when he decides to officially enter the race. Y know what? That f*cker could win, that s what I think,  Bones told the outlet.  He could very well pull this off. A lot of people thought Trump couldn t win and was just a joke, and lo and behold here we are. In Michigan [Rock] could very well win. Bones jokingly volunteered to serve as Senator Rock s  Secretary of Useless Information. Kid Rock has announced voter registration drives but has yet to declare his candidacy for the US Senate. His interest in running has concerned incumbent Debbie Stabenow enough that she s warned supporters. Let s hope this happens.HERE S WHY THE DEMOCRATS ARE SCARED HE LL RUN:Kid Rock did an interview with liberal former CNN host Piers Morgan in 2013. During that interview, it s clear that Bob Ritchie, aka Kid Rock, who is a rock star in more ways that one in the state of Michigan, has many similarities to President Donald Trump.Piers Morgan starts out his interview by pointing out that after he and Kid Rock spent several hours together during his interview, when Rock was asked about his time with Piers, he responded,  Who the (bleep) is Piers Morgan? , giving the impression that the leftist media doesn t really have much value in his eyes, or at the very least, he doesn t hold them in very high regard.Watch:Part II of Kid Rock s interview with Piers Morgan delves into Rock s political views on gun control, abortion, gay marriage and his support for the Republican Party. Although his pro-choice stance won t likely resonate with many Republicans, there will be a number of pro-choice Republicans as well as crossover Democrats and pro-life Independents his pro-choice stance will appeal to. He also touches on Rock s decision to raise his son Robert James Ritchie Jr. by himself, that he fathered with his on again, off again girlfriend he d been dating since the 8th grade.",0
10244,WATCH: 10-YR OLD BOY Offers To Mow White House Lawn…President Trump Accepts…Invites Him To White House,"Note to media: If you won t report the good things surrounding Trump s spectacular 6 months in office, including positive stories involving scores of his supporters of all ages, ethnicities and genders, Sarah Huckabee Sanders will.Here's Sarah Huckabee Sanders reading a letter from 10-year-old Frank from Virginia https://t.co/0TCpj3P2xE  Meg Wagner (@megwagner) August 2, 2017This smart little entrepreneur clearly touched the president s heart with this letter: Dear Mr. President,It would be my honor to mow the White House lawn for some weekend for you, even though I m only 10, I d like to show the nation what young people like me are ready for. I admire your business background and have started my own business. I ve been mowing my neighbors  lawns for some time, please see the attached flyer, here s a list of what I have and you re free to pick whatever you want: power mower, push mower, and weed whacker, I can bring extra fuel for the power mower and charge batteries for the weed whacker, and I ll do that with no charge.Sincerely,Frank. Huckabee-Sanders, who is a mother of 3 young children, was probably tickled pink to offer President Trump s response to this ambitious young man in person: Frank, I m happy to report back to you that I just spoke with the President, he wanted me to be sure and tell you that you re doing a great job and keep working hard. He also asked me, we found out when we called, to let you know that we would be reading this letter to wish you a happy birthday. I think Frank went from 10 to 11 in the time that we received and were able to respond to this letter, and he also wanted to invite you to spend a morning here at the White House with the groundskeeper. ",0
10245,Verified #FakeNews AP Attempts To Discredit Fox News Over Alleged Fake Seth Rich Story…Worries Shepard Smith’s Reputation Could Be Harmed,"AP published an article today that attempts to discredit the very popular Fox News cable network over their coverage of the Seth Rich murder. Instead of questioning Fox News  coverage of the Seth Rich murder case, perhaps Americans should be questioning why the AP is NOT covering the suspicious case of the Seth Rich murder.An excerpt from the ridiculous AP story including the photo-shopped photo they used to discredit FOX can be found below. How professional is this photo? David Bauder, the writer for this AP hit piece on Fox News actually said that he hopes for the sake of their more liberal hosts like Shepard Smith, that the story isn t true, yet the AP publishes a huge picture of Fox News with an electronic banner that appears to be on the front of the Fox News studio:  the fake news media and Trump (illegible) . We re pretty sure you don t post an inflammatory photo-shopped picture (like the one below) if you re not trying to discredit Fox News.NEW YORK (AP)   Things had started settling down following a tumultuous year at Fox News Channel before it was hit with a cover headline in the New York Daily News,  Fake News Channel,  and questions about the independence of its journalists on Wednesday.A defamation lawsuit filed this week accuses the network of making up quotes and pushing a false story that benefits President Donald Trump, even inviting the chief executive into the editorial process.In essence, Fox is accused of creating fake news to debunk a story Trump has complained is fake news. The charge is a very serious one, if substantiated,  said Kathleen Hall Jamieson, communications professor and director of the Annenberg Public Policy Center at the University of Pennsylvania.  It speaks to the credibility of Fox as a news organization. In a year, Fox has been hit by the forced departures of its late chairman, Roger Ailes, and most popular personality, Bill O Reilly, following harassment charges. Ailes  successor, Bill Shine, resigned, prime-time hosts Megyn Kelly and Greta Van Susteren left and there have been several sexual harassment and race discrimination lawsuits.Yet the network s conservative audience has remained mostly loyal. While not as dominant as it was before MSNBC s resurgence in the past few months, Fox ranked as the most popular prime-time network on cable television in July for the fifth time in the past seven months, the Nielsen company said.Fox hosts like Sean Hannity, Tucker Carlson and the team on Trump s favorite morning show  Fox & Friends  make no secret of their opinions, and those shows have strongly backed Trump in his first six months. Fox, though, is different from some politically oriented news organizations in maintaining a staff of respected journalists who try to play it straight   people like Shepard Smith, Chris Wallace, Bret Baier and John Roberts.We hate to tell you AP, but about 99% of Fox News viewers wish Shepard Smith would go away That s the side of Fox that would be most damaged if the allegations are proven true, since they involved the reporting of an investigative news story on the network s web site, not material from its opinion programs. Any news organization that has any aspirations of being bona fide expects the public to take what they are saying seriously, not that they are being fed something that is being made up,  said Paul Levinson, chairman of Fordham University s communications department. I m no fan of Fox, but I m hoping this turns out not to be the case. The private detective who filed the lawsuit, Rod Wheeler, said he was paid to investigate the death of DNC staffer Seth Rich by a wealthy GOP donor anxious to establish a link between Rich and the leak of emails damaging to Hillary Clinton s campaign. The idea was if that could be done, it would end stories about Trump s possible collusion with Russians.Really AP? Do you have proof of your allegations that the Seth Rich story was manufactured to  end stories about Trump s possible collusion with Russians? So far, there hasn t been one iota of truth that substantiates the leftist media s fabricated Trump-Russia collusion story, but there seems to be an awful lot of evidence pointing to the fact that the former DNC staffer Seth Rich s murder was not about a robbery. On June 30, 2017 Breitbart News caught the AP publishing a totally manufactured story about a meeting between Trump s EPA administrator and Dow Chemical s CEO that never happened :Breitbart- June 30, 2017: The Associated Press is at it again, pushing more fake news. Sadly, the once-great news wire service is trying to cover up its mistake nearly the exact mistake that cost three editorial staffers at CNN their jobs in a scandal that first exploded a week ago today.A Breitbart News investigation has led to the correction by the Associated Press which originally resisted of the fake news it printed as deeper questions of responsibility, accountability, and journalistic ethics consume the AP heading into Fourth of July weekend.This time, the Associated Press invented an imaginary meeting between EPA administrator Scott Pruitt and Dow Chemical CEO Andrew Liveris, and then alleged that some kind of impropriety happened as a result.This is exactly the same mistake CNN made a week ago, when it alleged that Anthony Scaramucci the founder of SkyBridge Capital and an associate and ally of President Donald Trump held  meetings  with Russian investment fund leaders and was under investigation by the Senate Intelligence Committee and Treasury Department as a result.A Breitbart News investigation uncovered that no such  meetings  took place, the Senate Intelligence Committee was not investigating the matter, and the Treasury Department had already at the urging of Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) to now Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin before Trump s inauguration looked into it and determined the matter to be entirely  without merit. The very fake news scandal that is consuming CNN right now is the biggest scandal in the network s history, and comes as media D.C.-wide find themselves under intense scrutiny amid a litany of industry mistakes.Breitbart News s investigation into CNN s very fake news piece forced the network to retract it and has led to the resignation of three top officials from inside CNN. Now that the Associated Press has made literally the exact same mistake with different actors and players alleging a meeting took place that never occurred, something that supposedly led to something untoward that also didn t happen the news wire service is not stepping up and holding its staff to the same level of accountability. The only difference between the CNN scandal and this AP scandal is that the AP did not also inaccurately allege the existence of non-existent Senate and Treasury investigations.",0
10246,SENATOR JEFF FLAKE is Strongly ‘Denounced’ by Brent Bozell for being a Fake Conservative ‘with no Conscience’,"Brent Bozell does political commentary on Fox News. He just put the hurt on FAKE CONSERVATIVE Senator Jeff Flake with a great oped calling Flake out for being a RINO On behalf of my late father and my family, I am denouncing Senator Jeff Flake and his new book, dishonestly titled, Conscience of a Conservative.Since entering the Senate in 2013, Jeff Flake has, time and again, proven he is part of the indulgent hypocrisy in Washington. While he waxes poetically about conservative principles, his Conservative Review Liberty score is an abysmal 53%, also known as:  F . In 2013, I watched first-hand as Flake refused to sign a letter pledging to defund ObamaCare, among his many betrayals to conservatism. Jeff Flake is neither a conservative nor does he have a conscience.As every conservative leader knows, my father, L. Brent Bozell, Jr., ghost-wrote Conscience of a Conservative for Barry Goldwater. While the Goldwater Institute may own the rights to the book s title, neither the organization nor Senator Flake have the right to unjustifiably trade on my father s work. Conscience of a Conservative is the greatest selling polemic in history, and Senator Flake is trading on its reputation to shamelessly promote himself and disguise his own conservative deficiencies. My father would be appalled to see this fraud as the author of the so-called  sequel,  which it most certainly is not.The media need to know, when reporting on Senator Flake and his  book,  that the author is a deceiver out for personal and financial gain. I also call on my conservative brethren to denounce this impostor, who dishonorably claims to speak for conservatism, in the strongest possible terms.  ~ Brent Bozel",0
10247,CNN’S JIM ACOSTA Schooled on the Meaning of the Statue of Liberty by Trump Senior Advisor [Video],"We wish President Trump could clone SENIOR ADVISOR Stephen Miller! He s so brilliant and knows immigration like no other! We can t say the same for the White House Press Corp! The Trump administration made some positive announcements on immigration and the left went nuts! Miller got the best of them!Stephen Miller has been with President Trump from the earlier days of the 2016 campaign. He would give incredible speeches to the rally audience. He s so well versed on immigration and American history that he could take on anyone and win in a debate! We love the guy! He s a PATRIOT!FYI: The Statue of Liberty had nothing, absolutely nothing, to do with immigration. The Emma Lazarus poem that Acosta refers to was affixed to the pedestal as an ex post facto inscription in 1903. ONE OF OUR FAVORITE MILLER MOMENTS WAS A SPEECH DURING THE CAMPAIGN AGAINST HILLARY FOR PRESIDENT   AWESOME!Trump spokesperson Stephen Miller just hammers Hillary Clinton! You will love every minute of this!HERE S A PREVIOUS REPORT WHERE MILLER RIPS INTO CHUCK TODD   ANOTHER AWESOME MILLER MOMENT!There was a big hit piece in WaPo on Stephen Miller that called him every nasty thing in the book. He battled back and steamrolled over Chuck Todd. Keep it up Stephen Miller! We absolutely love how you re calling out the left!WATCH Stephen Miller SMOKE @chucktodd on Immigration. Chucky keeps trying to interrupt Miller steamrolls over him! pic.twitter.com/kOurG4cpWH  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) February 12, 2017",0
10248,"PRESIDENT TRUMP Explains New “America First” RAISE Act…No More Welfare For New Immigrants, Migrants…Favors English Speaking Immigrants…Protects Jobs For Minorities, US Workers From Being Replaced And MORE! [VIDEO]","That s what we re talking about! Another campaign promise kept. No wonder the Democrats and their media allies fear President Trump. When is the last time a politician actually followed through on a promise they made to the American voters that helped them to get elected?President Trump joined two Republican senators on Wednesday to champion legislation overhauling legal immigration in America, calling for a merit-based system that would significantly cut admissions over the next decade.Speaking at the White House, the president called it  the most significant reform to our immigration system in a half century. As a candidate, I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers and taxpayers, and that is why we are here today,  Trump said.He was joined by Georgia Sen. David Perdue and Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton, the Republicans who first introduced the Reforming American Immigration for a Strong Economy, or the RAISE Act, in February. They have said the legislation aims to reduce the number of green cards issued in half from 1 million to 500,000 a year.Trump, Perdue and Cotton argued on Tuesday that low-skilled and unskilled immigration into the United States has depressed wages.According to a fact sheet released to reporters, the new system would favor immigrants who are educated, speak English and have high-paying job offers. It would also reduce low-skilled and unskilled labor immigration.Trump said new immigrants must be able to  financially support themselves and their families. The RAISE Act prevents new migrants and new immigrants from collecting welfare and protects U.S. workers from being displaced,  the president said.  And that s a very big thing, they re not going to come in and just immediately go and collect welfare. The bill would prioritize immediate family members of United States residents, including spouses and young children. But it would end prioritization for extended family members and adult children of residents.The legislation also eliminates the Diversity Visa lottery system and limits permanent resident status for refugees to 50,000 a year.Trump lamented how the country has  record numbers of green cards to low-wage immigrants.  The White House said most of the 1 million immigrants who are accepted into the United States for legal permanent residency every year are low or unskilled workers.Among the hardest hit by this, the president said, are minority workers, who he said are  competing for jobs against brand new arrivals. It has not been fair to our people, to our citizens, to our workers,  he said.The administration also said 50 percent of immigrant households receive welfare benefits, as opposed to 30 percent of native households in the country. For entire story: Fox News ",0
10249,REPUBLICANS DON’T NEED A SINGLE DEMOCRAT To Fund Trump’s Border Wall…So What’s The Holdup?,"Yesterday, Speaker Paul Ryan tweeted a video of himself on the Mexican border flying in a helicopter and traveling on horseback with US border agents. RT if you agree  It is time for The Wall. pic.twitter.com/s5MO8SG7SL  Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) August 1, 2017It makes for great theater to see Republican Speaker Ryan pleading the case for a border wall, but how sincere are the GOP about building the border wall? Even after posting a video that appears to show Ryan s support for the wall, he still seems unsure of himself. It s almost as though he s testing the political winds when he asks Twitter users to retweet if they agree that we need to start building the wall. How committed is the (formerly?) anti-Trump Paul Ryan to building the border wall that would fulfill one of President Trump s most popular campaign promises to the American people? Does he have the what it takes to defy the wishes of corporate donors and the US Chamber of Commerce, and do the right thing for the national security and well-being of our nation?The Last Refuge- Republicans are in control of the House of Representatives, Republicans are in control of the Senate, a Republican President is in the White House, and somehow there s  negotiations  on how to fund the #1 campaign promise of President Donald Trump, the border wall.Here s the rub.Here s what pundits never discuss.The Republican party doesn t need a single Democrat to fund the border wall.A single spending bill could come from the House of Representatives that fully funds 100% of the border wall. The spending bill then goes to the senate, where again, it doesn t need a single Democrat vote because spending legislation is specifically what  reconciliation  was designed to facilitate. That House bill can pass the Senate with 51 votes and proceed directly to the President s desk for signature.So, ask yourself: why is this even a point of discussion?The honest answer, for those who are no longer suffering from Battered Conservative Syndrome, is that Republicans don t want to fund or build an actual physical barrier known as the Southern Border Wall.It really is that simple.If one didn t know better, they d almost think Speaker Ryan was attempting to emulate the man he clearly despised during the 2016 presidential campaign. Yesterday, Ryan tweeted:  Make America the best  once again?  Hmmm interesting choice of words Paul. Ryan wouldn t want anyone to think he was backing our President in his quest to  Make America Great Again! or as it gets closer to Ryan s bid for re-election, maybe he s starting to warm up to the very popular President Trump? It s time to bring jobs back home, cut taxes, and grow our economy. It s time to make America the best once again.  Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) August 1, 2017 ",0
10250,BROTHER OF SETH RICH Works For Cyber Security Firm…Reportedly BLOCKED Family’s Private Investigator From Determining If Seth Was Wikileaks Source…Refused To Let Investigator See Seth’s Computer: “I already checked it…Don’t worry about it”,"What the heck is going on? Why is the media, who has been virtually silent about former DNC staffer Seth Rich s death until now, coming out to attack President Trump and his administration, accusing them of pushing a false narrative about his murder? Shouldn t every American regardless of political affiliation want to get to the bottom of Rich s suspicious death? Why is there so much secrecy and mystery surrounding the staffer who was getting ready to move over to the Hillary campaign when he was murdered on the streets of DC, only blocks from his home early in the morning, after he was last seen leaving a local bar he frequented. The DC police called it a robbery. The  robbers  didn t take his wallet, the contents of his wallet or his expensive watch.Aaron Rich, who had reportedly been blocking his family s private investigator from looking into whether or not his brother Seth was a WikiLeaks source, works for an influential defense contractor that provides cyber security.According to a source close to the Rich family, Aaron works for Northrup Grumman, which was named as the fifth-largest defense contractor in the world in 2015. The source did not provide what his specific role is at the company. It s not just hacking and defending, there s a lot more to it,  a cyber software engineer at Northrup Grumman says in a video on the company s website.As we previously reported, Aaron Rich was actively attempting to shut down anyone looking into the WikiLeaks connection according to Rod Wheeler, who was brought on as a private investigator in his brother s murder case.Wheeler said that brother Aaron Rich tried to block Wheeler from looking at Seth s computer, even though there could be evidence on it.  He said no, he said I have his computer, meaning him,  Wheeler said.  I said, well can I look at it? He said, what are you looking for? I said anything that could indicate if Seth was having problems with someone. He said no, I already checked it. Don t worry about it. Aaron also blocked Wheeler from finding out about who was at a party Seth attended the night of the murder. All I want you to do is work on the botched robbery theory and that s it,  Aaron told Wheeler, according to Wheeler s claim on the audio. Wheeler said that Seth s father Joel  does not appear to have any hidden agenda. Rich was shot in the back in the early morning hours of July 10, 2016, near his home while he was on the phone with his girlfriend   12 days before the publication of the DNC emails by WikiLeaks. The police initially ruled that it was a botched robbery   but his wallet, watch, and necklace were still on his person when he was discovered by police.Big League Politics has also released an audio recording of journalist Seymour Hersh stating that Seth Rich was in fact WikiLeaks  source.Listen to the Seymour Hersh interview here: All I know is that he offered a sample, an extensive sample, I m sure dozens of emails, and said  I want money.  Later, WikiLeaks did get the password, he had a DropBox, a protected DropBox,  he said. They got access to the DropBox. Hersh also states that Rich had concerns about something happening to him,  the word was passed, according to the NSA report, he also shared this DropBox with a couple of friends, so that  if anything happens to me it s not going to solve your problems,  he added.  WikiLeaks got access before he was killed. For entire story: Big League Politics ",0
10251,COLLEGES MAY BE FORCED To Stop Pushing Qualified White Students To Back Of Line.. DOJ Will Take On Affirmative Action In College Admissions,"The Trump administration is preparing to redirect resources of the Justice Department s civil rights division toward investigating and suing universities over affirmative action admissions policies deemed to discriminate against white applicants, according to a document obtained by The New York Times.The document, an internal announcement to the civil rights division, seeks current lawyers interested in working for a new project on  investigations and possible litigation related to intentional race-based discrimination in college and university admissions. The announcement suggests that the project will be run out of the division s front office, where the Trump administration s political appointees work, rather than its Educational Opportunities Section, which is run by career civil servants and normally handles work involving schools and universities.The document does not explicitly identify whom the Justice Department considers at risk of discrimination because of affirmative action admissions policies. But the phrasing it uses,  intentional race-based discrimination,  cuts to the heart of programs designed to bring more minorities to university campuses.Supporters and critics of the project said it was clearly targeting admissions programs that can give members of generally disadvantaged groups, like black and Latino students, an edge over other applicants with comparable or higher test scores.For entire story: NYT sIs it legal for colleges and universities to use race as a deciding factor for purposes of admission? In 1997, one brave student took on the University of Michigan and their unfair practice of making the race of the student applicant a much higher priority than the accomplishments of the student when making admission decisions. Meanwhile, a second lawsuit on behalf of Barbara Grutter against the University of Michigan Law was also filed. Both Gratz and Grutter s cases  ended up in the US Supreme Court.Here s what happened:In 2003, the Supreme Court decided the landmark cases of Gratz v. Bollinger and Grutter v. Bollinger. Several years after CIR s historic victory in the Fifth Circuit, Hopwood v. Texas, which struck down the use of racial preferences in all states in the Fifth Circuit, the Sixth Circuit court of Appeals upheld the use of the racial preferences program at the University of Michigan. Because of the contrary conclusions of law reached by the Circuit Courts, the Supreme Court agreed to hear the case.CIR successfully urged the Supreme Court to strike down the racial preferences system at the University of Michigan s College of Literature, Science, and the Arts, but the Court left the door open for universities to continue using racial preferences under narrow circumstances and allowed the University of Michigan s law school to continue its practice of utilizing race-based admissions.Jennifer Gratz applied to the University of Michigan s undergraduate College of Literature, Arts, and Sciences in 1994, when she was still a high-school senior in a suburb of Detroit. In high-school, she worked as a math tutor, a cheerleader, and served as her Class Congress Representative. She scored 25 on the ACT (in the 83rd percentile) and graduated high-school with a 3.765 GPA. Despite these accomplishments, Gratz was put on a waitlist before ultimately being denied admission to the University.At the time Gratz applied, the University analyzed prospective applicants under a grid system. Gratz combined ACT/GPA scores placed her just outside the  presumptive admit  portion of the grid used to analyze her results. However, the University had a separate grid for analyzing potential applicants it considered  underrepresented minorities.  On this second grid, Gratz s score placed her far above the minimum threshold of automatic admission.On their own merit, Gratz s achievements gave her a competitive chance of gaining admission. But if the University had considered Gratz as a favored minority applicant, she would have had a 100% chance of gaining acceptance. For Gratz, race was the difference between rejection and acceptance.Two years after Jennifer Gratz was rejected from the University of Michigan undergraduate program, Barbara Grutter applied to the University Of Michigan School Of Law. Barbara Grutter had graduated from Michigan State University in 1978 with high honors and a 3.81 GPA. Even though she scored a 161 on the LSAT, Grutter postponed a Law School career to start a successful health care information firm.In 1996, at age forty-three, Grutter returned to pursue her ambitions of attending law school. Despite a life-long record of achievement, Grutter was wait-listed and eventually denied admission to the University of Michigan Law School.Like the undergraduate admissions process, the Law School used a grid system to evaluate potential candidates for admission. A white female applicant with Barbara Grutter s scores had less than a 9% chance of admission on the grid. However, under the same system, a favored minority applicant with the same scores had a 100% chance of gaining admission. As with Gratz, Grutter s race was ultimately the difference between automatic acceptance and automatic rejection.Lawsuits FiledIn 1997, CIR filed a lawsuit on behalf of Jennifer Gratz against the University of Michigan s undergraduate admission system, and a second lawsuit on behalf of Barbara Grutter against the University of Michigan Law School. Combined with CIR s recent victory in Hopwood v. Texas, these challenges made it substantially more likely that the Supreme Court would take the case.CIR argued that the University violated the Fourteenth Amendment s promise of equal protection by discriminating against Gratz and Grutter. Neither institution could profer a compelling justification for the discrimination, nor could they argue that the system of racial preferences was narrowly tailored to avoid harming students like Gratz and Grutter.In light of the ongoing lawsuits, the University of Michigan changes its admission system. The undergraduate school abandoned the grid system in favor of a points system. Under the new system, an application to the school could score a maximum of 150 points. The higher the number of points, the more likely an applicant would be admitted.The method in which points were allotted made race a decisive factor in the admission process. If the University considered an applicant an underrepresented minority, the applicant was awarded an automatic twenty points, or one-fifth of the total points needed to guarantee admission. The University did not weigh any other factors or considerations as heavily as race. The resulting method meant that an applicant with extraordinary artistic talent could only be awarded a maximum of five points for his talent, while another applicant could receive twenty points by virtue of belonging to a certain racial group.This mechanical method of assigning points based on outward characteristics alone, is a prime example of what Shelby Steele called  the disappearance of the black individual.  In his classic essay for Harper s magazine, Steele lamented that institutions, like the University of Michigan, failed to treat African Americans as individuals with real accomplishments. These institutions, Steel argued, cared more for their own image than they did for helping individual African-Americans.District Court VictoriesCIR s two cases were heard by different judges in the District Court. In Gratz, Judge Duggan ruled that the grid system under which Jennifer Gratz had been rejected was unconstitutional, but that the points system in place since then was a justified means of attaining a diverse student body.In Grutter, Judge Bernard Friedman issued a more direct and clear cut victory for CIR and Barbara Grutter. Judge Friedman held, in accordance with Hopwood v. Texas, that diversity is not a compelling government justification for discrimination. The court accordingly struck down the Law School s race-based admissions system.The University of Michigan appealed both cases, and a divided en banc panel of the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed Grutter s victory at the district court and held that the University was justified in using racial preferences to achieve diversity. The Sixth Circuit never issued a ruling in Gratz.The Supreme CourtAfter the Sixth Circuit loss in Grutter, CIR petitioned the Supreme Court, asking them to hear both cases as they presented an urgent question of constitutional law. The Court agreed and handed down decisions in June of 2003.Chief Justice Rehnquist, writing for the Court in Gratz, struck down the University of Michigan s undergraduate admissions system. Justice Rehnquist reasoned that the points system, assigning points based on outward characteristics, treated applicants in a manner that prized their race over their individual accomplishments. The failure of the University to treat applicants as individuals constituted a violation of the Fourteenth Amendment.In Grutter, however, Justice Sandra Day O Connor upheld the Law School admissions system and reasoned that fostering diversity in higher education is a compelling government interest. Justice O Connor argued that a distinction could be made between the mechanical racial preferences used in the undergraduate system and the racial preferences employed by the law school. Essentially doing away with the strict scrutiny analysis that racial classifications require, Justice O Connor deferred to the law school to determine whether racial preferences are necessary. The Court did, however, limit the legality of racial preferences to a period of twenty-five years, when the government will no longer have a a compelling justification to foster diversity.Justice Clarence Thomas, who dissented from the ruling, agreed that racial preferences would be unconstitutional in twenty-five years. However, he also argued that what is unconstitutional twenty-five years from now is also unconstitutional today. Either the Constitution forbids the use of racial discrimination or it does not.While the combined cases of Gratz and Grutter failed to end the government s use of racial preferences, it achieved the minor victory of placing limits on when and how the government may use such preferences.Gratz and Grutter are not the end of the story. CIR s client, Jennifer Gratz, was later able to end racial preferences at the University of Michigan by leading the effort to pass an amendment to the Michigan constitution that banned the use of racial preferences. When an activist group challenged the constitutionality of the amendment, CIR once again came to the aid of Jennifer Gratz. In Schuette v. Bamn, CIR successfully defended the amendment before the Supreme Court. Read more about that case here.Furthermore, almost twelve years after the Supreme Court decided Gratz and Grutter, the issue is once again back before the Supreme Court in the case Fisher v. University of Texas. CIR has filed two amicus briefs before the Supreme Court in that case that urge the Supreme Court to apply the strict scrutiny that Justice O Connor failed to apply in Grutter. In an initial opinion, Justice Kennedy agreed with CIR and ruled that even after Grutter courts may not punt on applying rigid constitutional analysis. After being remanded to the Fifth Circuit, that case is once again before the Supreme Court. Read more about CIR s ongoing efforts to challenge racial preferences in Fisher here. Case Status: Partial Win: The Supreme Court struck down the UM undergraduate admissions system but upheld the law school system.Via: CIR",0
10252,REPORT: PRESIDENT TRUMP Is “Odds-On Favorite To Win Re-election” In 2020,"Liberal heads explode in 5 4 3 2 1President Trump could win the White House again in 2020   which likely would send hostile political operatives and the disapproving news media into an epic meltdown. News flash: Get ready. Mr. Trump will likely win re-election, says one analyst.  President Trump did not ascend to the White House in the usual way; he broke with traditional campaign orthodoxy and tactics,  Ford O Connell, a political analyst and adjunct professor at the George Washington University Graduate School of Political Management, tells Inside the Beltway. While Trump s first six months in the White House have been marked by early stumbles, a healthy dose of palace intrigue and low approval numbers, history says Trump is in fact the odds-on favorite to win re-election in 2020, should he choose to run. Why? Because presidential incumbency has its privileges. Since 1900, 20 presidents have sought re-election. Of those, 15 won and five lost   that is, if you include Gerald Ford, who was never elected in the first place. Adds Mr. O Connell,  So how does President Trump avoid becoming the sixth president to be fired by the people in the last 120 years? Barring some unforeseen calamity or Dwayne  The Rock  Johnson becoming the Democratic presidential nominee, the fate of Trump s presidency will live and die with the state of the economy in the fall of 2020. To ensure that the electoral winds are favorable to Trump, his administration must deliver results by passing tax reform before the 2018 midterms, showing significant progress on other key campaign promises: securing America s borders, infrastructure, trade, conservative judicial appointees. He must also continue to instill in working-class voters in both the Rust Belt (Ohio, Pennsylvania, Iowa, Michigan, Wisconsin) and Sun Belt (Florida, North Carolina, Arizona) battleground states the belief that he is tirelessly fighting for them. If Trump does that, voters will forgive his impetuous ways and rehire him,  the professor concludes.For entire story: Washington Times ",0
10253,SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS MOCKS WH PRESS: Lists All Clinton Russia Ties When Asked About TRUMP/Russia [Video],"Sarah Huckabee Sanders let the White House press have it when they kept asking about Russia, Russia, Russia This is AWESOME!THE TWITTER VERSION:.@SarahHuckabee: The only thing I see misleading is year s worth of stories that have been fueling a false narrative about Russia collusion. pic.twitter.com/BDzIaiHzNU  Fox News (@FoxNews) August 1, 2017She s a keeper! She was so ready for the liberal media who were laser focused on Russia.SHE S GREAT AT MOCKING THE PRESS   HERE S A PREVIOUS MOMENT OF HILARITY FROM SANDERS:The entire Russia hoax implodes just as the scandal of the year (the Awan brothers) breaks. Bad week for Fake News! pic.twitter.com/acjPqJs33b  Newt-Trump Fan Club (@NewtTrump) July 27, 2017Sarah Huckabee Sanders has taken control of the media and is no longer allowing them to push a false narrative when it comes to President Trump and a non-existant Russian connection.Time and time again, Sanders has proven she s no pushover when it comes to the rabid leftist media who would love nothing more than to be able to sabotage her during her press briefings. Yesterday was no exception. With a smile on her face, Sanders called out the media for ignoring the biggest story of the day.  The one day there might have been a question on Russia, there wasn t. Often, we have a lot of uh, media with  Russia first , and uh, but today, there was public testimony that further discredited the phony dossier that s been the source of so much of the fake news and conspiracy theories. And we learned that the firm that produced it was also being paid by the Russians. This is yet the latest piece of evidence that vindicates what the president has said that this is just a  witch hunt  and a  hoax . And its a shame that the president and the country have had to go through this charade. ",0
10254,PRESIDENT TRUMP Looking at Executive Action on Obamacare,"Remember during the effort to get Obamacare passed when Nancy Pelosi said: We ll go through the gate. If the gate s closed, we ll go over the fence. If the fence is too high, we ll pole vault in. If that doesn t work, we ll parachute in but we re going to get health care reform passed for the America people. (at 1:10 mark)Well, now if looks like President Trump might  parachute in  to get rid of Obamacare U.S. Senator Rand Paul said he spoke to President Donald Trump by phone about healthcare reform on Monday and told the president he thought Trump had the authority to create associations that would allow organizations to offer group health insurance plans.Paul, a Republican, told reporters that Trump was considering taking some form of executive action to address problems with the healthcare system after the Senate failed last week to pass a measure to reform the system.Allowing groups like AARP, which represents retirees, to form health associations could enable individuals and small businesses to form larger groups to negotiate with health insurance companies for lower rates.Via: Reuters ",0
10255,HOW MUSLIM IT WORKERS FOR Democrats Sold US Intel to Foreign Agents [Video],"Judge Napolitano had this to say about the DNC s Muslim IT worker:  He was arrested for some financial crime. That s the tip of the iceberg. The real crime against him was that he had contact, he had access to emails of every member of Congress and he sold what he found in there. What did he sell and to whom did he sell it. That s what the FBI wants to know. This may be a very, very serious national security investigation. We ve been reporting this scandal for months but it s just now heating up. The most of the main stream media has been silent on this serious national security breach within the DNC. The FBI is investigating who was given top secret information by the DNC IT workers who had email access to everyone in Congress!The puzzling part of this entire scandal is that the payment was outrageous! Over $4 million was given to this family and associates!THE DAILY CALLER REPORTED ON THIS BREACH OF SECURITY WAY BACK IN FEBRUARY WHEN THE BROTHERS WERE FIRED:Three brothers who managed office information technology for members of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and other lawmakers were abruptly relieved of their duties on suspicion that they accessed congressional computers without permission.Brothers Abid, Imran, and Jamal Awan were barred from computer networks at the House of Representatives Thursday, The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group has learned.Three members of the intelligence panel and five members of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs were among the dozens of members who employed the suspects on a shared basis. The two committees deal with many of the nation s most sensitive issues and documents, including those related to the war on terrorism.Also among those whose computer systems may have been compromised is Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the Florida Democrat who was previously the target of a disastrous email hack when she served as chairman of the Democratic National Committee during the 2016 campaign.The brothers are suspected of serious violations, including accessing members  computer networks without their knowledge and stealing equipment from Congress.Jamal handled IT for Rep. Joaquin Castro, a Texas Democrat who serves on both the intelligence and foreign affairs panels. As of 2/2, his employment with our office has been terminated,  Castro spokeswoman Erin Hatch told TheDCNF Friday.Jamal also worked for Louisiana Democrat Rep. Cedric Richmond, who is on the Committee on Homeland Security.Imran worked for Reps. Andre Carson, an Indiana Democrat, and Jackie Speier, a California Democrat. Both are members of the intelligence committee, and their spokesmen did not respond to TheDCNF s requests for comment. Imran also worked for the House office of Wasserman Schultz.Then-Rep. Tammy Duckworth, an Illinois Democrat, employed Abid for IT work in 2016. She was a member of House committees dealing with the armed services, oversight, and Benghazi. Duckworth was elected to the Senate in November, 2016. Abid has a prior criminal record and a bankruptcy.Read more: Daily Caller",0
10256,"BILLIONAIRE, Leftist Author Of Harry Potter Books Apologizes For Making Up, Spreading Fake News About President Trump and Disabled Boy","Big-mouth billionaire and leftist author of the highly successful Harry Potter books, has finally taken responsibility for an awful rumor she started about President Trump and a disabled boy after the disabled boy s mother came out on Facebook to tell the truth about what really happened when President Trump met her disabled son.Author J.K. Rowling issued an apology Monday after falsely accusing President Donald Trump of refusing to shake hands with a disabled boy by sharing an edited video clip on her social media account over the weekend.The boy s mother lashed out at Rowling, saying that the Harry Potter scribe wrongly said Trump ignored and refused to shake her disabled son s hand during a recent meet-and-greet. If someone can please get a message to JK Rowling: Trump didn t snub my son & Monty wasn t even trying to shake his hand,  Ms. Kelly Weer wrote in a post on Facebook, slamming Rowling s inaccurate description of a video showing her son meeting President Trump. 1. He s 3 and hand shaking is not his thing 2. he was showing off his newly acquired secret service patch). Thanks,  Weer wrote.Rowling, a regular critic of the president, blasted Trump and claimed he  deliberately  ignored the boy, Monty Weer, who suffers from spina bifida. Trump imitated a disabled reporter. Now he pretends not to see a child in a wheelchair, as though frightened he might catch his condition,  she tweeted over the weekend. My mother used a wheelchair. I witnessed people uncomfortable around her disability, but if they had a shred of decency they got over it,  Rowling wrote on Twitter.  So, yes, that clip of Trump looking deliberately over a disabled child s head, ignoring his outstretched hand, has touched me on the raw. That man occupies the most powerful office in the free world and his daily outrages against civilised norms are having a corrosive effect,  the author continued.  How stunning, and how horrible, that Trump cannot bring himself to shake the hand of a small boy who only wanted to touch the President. However, a White House video clearly shows President Trump bending down and graciously greeting his young fan as he approached the podium.Rowling faced intense criticism on social media, with many users urging she delete the series of tweets that included the false claims.Pictures posted on Twitter on June 26th, show Melania hosting the little disabled boy that JK Rowling accused President Trump of ignoring, during a visit to the White House in his wheelchair. It appears he also got a little extra special attention from the First Lady. Happy belated 3rd bday (yesterday) sweet Monty! Thank you for visiting us at @WhiteHouse today! pic.twitter.com/ZnENYjB7zE  Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) June 27, 2017British journalist Piers Morgan led the charge blasting Rowling   and Chelsea Clinton, who had retweeted Rowling and later apologized   for refusing to delete her tweets.Rowling finally deleted her tweets and apologized to the boy and his family for spreading false claims, but did not apologize to President Trump. A spokesperson for Rowling apparently refused to confirm to CNN s Oliver Darcy whether or not the author would apologize to Trump. Re: my tweets about the small boy in a wheelchair whose proferred hand the president appeared to ignore in press footage,  Rowling wrote.  [M]ultiple sources have informed me that that was not a full or accurate representation of their interaction. I very clearly projected my own sensitivities around the issue of disabled people being overlooked or ignored onto the images I saw and if that caused any distress to that boy or his family, I apologise unreservedly. These tweets will remain, but I will delete the previous ones on the subject.    Breitbart News ",0
10257,WATCH: Jill Stein Believes North Korea Is Victim Of U.S…North Korea “Feels Cornered”,"Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein appeared on MSNBC to discuss the North Korean crisis. Did anyone really expect her to have anything of value to say on the subject, or is Stein being used by the media so viewers will play clips of the incredibly ignorant and hilarious comments Stein during the MSNBC interview over and over again. You know, kind of like a cheap marketing campaign.Crazy Lil  Kim, and before him, his father, have been flexing their nuclear muscle for years. There is clearly a dominant crazy gene in that family and to ignore it or pretend they are somehow victims of the US, now that they appear to have nuclear missiles capable of hitting Chicago, Los Angeles or Denver would be almost as stupid as Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein.Watch:WATCH: @DrJillStein: North Korea has been demonized by US, forced to attain Nukes. Russian interference based on circumstantial evidence pic.twitter.com/S3BMtodjuf  Yashar Ali   (@yashar) July 31, 2017The only victims here are the 200 people who watched this insane interview on MSNBC tonight.",0
10258,REPORT: TRUMP Has Chosen His Next Communications Director…And She Will Be Perfect For The Job!,"There is chatter within the White House that Kellyanne Conway is being looked at as the next communications director, a source within the White House told The Daily Caller.Anthony Scaramucci was ousted Monday as communications director following a week of publicly feuding with former chief of staff Reince Priebus. Scaramucci called Priebus a  paranoid schizophrenic  in an interview President Trump viewed as inappropriate, according to White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.Kellyanne Conway would be a perfect choice for President Trump s new communications director. Conway is no stranger to dealing with the press. She is also no pushover. Conway has taken on almost every liberal hack at every leftist network in America, and each time she s walked away holding her head high, as she make her points in an eloquent but no holds barred way.Chris Cuomo of fake news network CNN interviewed Kellyanne Conway on Sunday. You would have thought by now, these hacks at CNN would have figured out they are no match for the brilliant Kellyanne Conway. At the opening of his interview with Conway, Cuomo attempted to convince the few viewers who still watch CNN that President Trump was  very squishy  on his meeting with Vladimir Putin. Kellyanne Conway snapped back in her usual calm but witty way,  Chris, let s back up. So you re saying you used the word squishy which, itself, is unusual to describe the president s state of mind. So somehow that makes people on CNN insist that the president is never going to raise this with Putin? Why are they still in there?  Cuomo responded,  It s not about CNN. It s about what the president said, Kellyanne.  Kellyanne immediately landed a right hook to fake news host Chris Cuomo when she asked him,  Aren t you the least bit reluctant, if not embarrassed that you now talk about Russia more than you talk about America? Watch the brilliant exchange here:Conway, currently a counselor to the president, served as Trump s campaign manager and was previously a Republican pollster. She currently is a visible face of the Trump administration through her frequent appearances on cable news and is often relied on by the White House to deliver its message to the press.   Daily Caller",0
10259,BREAKING NEWS: Trump Removes Scaramucci from New Position!,"President Trump has decided to remove Anthony Scaramucci from his position as communications director. It s also being reported that John Kelly is a key player in the removal (see below). Scaramucci was only on the job for three days but caused a stir when he unloaded a crude verbal tirade against other senior members of the president s senior staff.#BreakingNews: @POTUS removing @Scaramucci as Communications Director via @nytimes pic.twitter.com/8J0W6UDkcu  FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) July 31, 2017Mr. Scaramucci s abrupt removal came just 10 days after the wealthy New York financier was brought on to the West Wing staff, a move that convulsed an already chaotic White House and led to the departures of Sean Spicer, the former press secretary, and Reince Priebus, the president s first chief of staff.The decision to remove Mr. Scaramucci, who had boasted about reporting directly to the president not the chief of staff, John F. Kelly, came at Mr. Kelly s request, the people said. Mr. Kelly made clear to members of the White House staff at a meeting Monday morning that he is in charge.It was not clear whether Mr. Scaramucci will remain employed at the White House in another position or will leave altogether.Via: Bloomberg News",0
10260,"HYSTERICAL! COMEDIAN JOE PISCOPO Imitates Maxine Waters, Adam Schiff, Bernie Sanders [Video]","Joe Piscopo is hysterical! He was on with Neil Cavuto and broke out with imitations of Waters, Sanders and Schiff:  And then you got Maxine Waters, Maxine Waters. What is with Maxine Waters. And every day with Maxine Waters it s,  I am sooo angry! Angry! Donald Trump scares me!  Maxine, please, just relax!Thank you Joe Piscopo for saying what everyone else is thinking! Maxine Waters has a track record of being unhinged! Here are a few of the most recent  Mad Max  episodes:Maxine Waters has a major brain freeze during an interview ripping on the Trump administration Karma?  Recognize that evidence is pouring in and it s growing or what is matt  what what is wrong with them, I just don t quite understand,  If Maxine Waters is the best the Dems have in their arsenal then this is good news for Republicans. The California Democrat has been bashing President Trump at every turn with no real reason. She s even called for his impeachment. Is this all she s got? She never speaks about what she s doing for the district in California that she doesn t even live in. She refuses to hear any opposing views during town halls. She has opposing voices removed so the adoring masses can rant and rave about Trump. It s truly a Banana Republic in Maxine s world. We ve reported in the past about her bizarre behavior but the best question was asked by Tucker Carlson:Maxine Waters is so filled with hate for anyone who disagrees with her, that she s decided to appoint herself as the Democrat s chief attack dog for President Trump and his administration. Unfortunately for Maxine, making a public spectacle of herself also comes with a price. Speaking of a price how about the price tag on career politician Maxine Waters $4.3 million mansion?Tucker Carlson reacted to Rep. Maxine Waters  (D-Calif.) threat to  take [HUD Secretary Dr. Ben Carson s] a** apart  by noting she might indeed be qualified to take his job.Carlson said Waters, a 40-year politician, lives in a 6,000 square-foot mansion worth $4.3 million that is not in her congressional district!",0
10261,FEDERAL JUDGE STEPS IN To Review Legroom On Commercial Flights,"Firebrand conservative Ann Coulter exposed Delta Airlines who gave away a seat she had to pay extra for in order to accommodate her very long legs.Conservative columnist Ann Coulter flew into a fit of fury Saturday after Delta Airlines booted her from her reserved  Comfort+  seat   which comes with 3 additional inches of legroom   and gave it to another passenger.In a two-hour tweeting tantrum,she quoted her exchange with a flight attendant:  Why are you taking me out of the extra room seat I specifically booked?  she asked.Their answer, she said, was  I don t know. Here s an example of one of Coulter s tweets exposing Delta Airlines for giving her pre-paid seat with extra legroom away to a shorter passenger:Suckiest @Delta moved me from my PRE-BOOKED SEAT & gave it to some woman, not elderly, child, or sick. I have pictures so don t lie, @Delta!  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 16, 2017Ann Coulter isn t the only person fed up with the shrinking seats on commercial airlines. Taller passengers are tired of traveling with their knees into their chest or being forced to sit sideways to accommodate their longer legs. And we haven t even discussed the limited room in seats for people who may be a little wider in the caboose. It appears that the federal government has decided to step in and flex their muscles, as they attempt to control decisions private airlines make about the size of their seats.Is it the government s job to determine how much space commercial airlines designate for their customers?A federal judge has ordered the Federal Aviation Administration to review seat sizes and legroom on commercial airlines.It s a victory for Flyers  Rights, an advocacy group that has pushed for new rules regulating seat sizes.Flyers  Rights says small airlines seats can put people s health at risk with conditions like blood clots in legs.They also say the average size of the seat itself has shrunk, along with space between the one behind.According to a report by Business Insider, the major airline that has the most space between seats is JetBlue, with 34 inches apart.The airline that boasted the least room was Spirit, with 28 inches between seats.Delta Air Lines and American Airlines were in the middle, with 31 inches between seats. Virgin America and Southwest had 32 inches, according to the report.   CBS Minnesota",0
10262,LIBERAL ELITIST SENATOR Says “Obamacare is NOT hurting people” BUT He Previously Said Something Completely Different [Video],"Do you just want to wring this guy s neck for claiming that Obamacare  isn t hurting people ? It s obvious this Democrat hasn t been out of the Beltway in years He s another lying politician because in the video below this one he claims that  premiums and deductibles are going up How is that NOT hurting people?Please enlighten Senator Van Hollen on the nightmare of Obamacare! Here s his contact information:SENATOR CHRIS VAN HOLLENVAN HOLLEN TWITTERVAN HOLLEN FACEBOOKPLEASE CONTACT THIS CLUELESS SENATOR AT ANY OF THE LINKS ABOVE!VAN HOLLEN IS A FLIP FLOPPER! HE SAYS IN THE VIDEO BELOW AT THE :30 POINT THAT PREMIUMS AND DEDUCTIBLES WERE RISING HOW DOES THAT NOT HURT PEOPLE???Van Hollen responds to Camerota s question of whether Obamacare is hurting people:  Let s start with that question the president poses one more time,  If Obamacare is hurting people, why shouldn t it hurt the insurance companies and why should Congress not be paying what the public pays?'  Camerota said.  What is the answer to that? Well, first of all, Obamacare is not hurting people,  Van Hollen responded.  In fact, what would have really hurt people was if we would have passed Trumpcare. Van Hollen began to explain how the GOP replacement would have failed, but was cut off by Camerota. Right, but you know not everyone is delighted with Obamacare and people have grave reservations about it,  Camerota said. Alisyn, nobody has said it s perfect,  Van Hollen said.  We ve said from the very beginning, we need to improve the exchanges. The senator then went on to list what needs to be improved and how it can be done. The first order of business is for the president to stop trying to sabotage the exchanges. There are a couple of things totally within the power of the Trump administration,  Van Hollen said.",0
10263,TIMES SQUARE ILLEGAL ALIEN PANHANDLERS Have No Fear of Arrest Because of de Blasio’s Policy on Illegals,"It s bad enough to have crazed costumed characters in Times Square begging and harassing tourists but the NYPD can t even arrest the mostly illegal aliens because of the policy of the de Blasio administration. Costumed and nude panhandlers are giving the finger to attempts to rein them in, refusing to stay in designated areas and continuing to curse in front of kiddies and threaten passers-by for dough.Breitbart News Reported: Mayor Bill de Blasio has stated that the NYPD won t cooperate with federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents seeking to repatriate illegal immigrants:   The NYPD will not participate as immigration enforcement agents because we have, for decades, built a close working relationship with immigrant communities,  de Blasio said.  Our police force is not going to be out there knocking on people s door and it is not going to share information about people s documentation status with the federal authorities. City officials city and the NYPD officers will cooperate with the feds only in immigration cases which involve  serious and violent crimes, Foul-mouthed desnudas, grabby Hulks and tourist-terrorizing gangs of Minnie Mice are still brazenly holding the Crossroads of the World hostage even amid a heavy presence of NYPD cops, who act oblivious to their disturbing antics.At any given moment on two recent afternoons, only half of the two-dozen tip-mooching characters stayed behind the blue lines of Times Square s  Designated Activity Zones,  or DAZs, the city-mandated areas created last year as their boundary for posing for photos and asking for tips.Yet none of those who illegally strayed outside the zones were issued summonses by the half-dozen police patrolling the pedestrian plaza.A law-enforcement source shrugged that the officers  hands were tied since most of the costumed panhandlers are illegal   and under the de Blasio administration, it s a no-no to go after them.The law-enforcement source added that past proposals to license the creatures went nowhere because most of the panhandlers are illegal immigrants and they wouldn t register anyway. Besides, the administration at City Hall isn t interested in going after illegals in this capacity, the source said.The most shameless of the costumed pack repeatedly left the DAZs to grab, mob and berate tourists    Take a photo lady! Mami!  shouted a trio of overly-aggressive Minnie Mice   in their frantic pursuit of cash. I told you, if you don t have a tip, then f  off!  one star-spangled desnuda, a painted nude hustler, snarled to a Post reporter, displaying just the sort of greed that detractors say is ruining Times Square s happy, family vibe.This insanity was reported by a New York Post reporter who walked Times Square and spoke with different people. If you ve ever experienced the harassment that goes on in Times Square from these beggars then you d be even more furious that these people are even walking our streets!  Thanks to the ridiculous policy from the commie mayor of NYC, the tourists and legal citizens living there have to endure this pond scum of humanity. Pitiful!Read more: NYP, Read more: DM",0
10264,JOE BIDEN Called McCain Urged Him to Vote Against Obamacare Repeal,"THE OLD GUARD DEMOCRATS BROUGHT ON THE FULL COURT PRESS: Former Vice President Joe Biden personally lobbied Sen. John McCain before the senator cast the crucial vote to take down a Republican attempt to repeal the Obamacare, according to The Washington Post.The call between the two was emotional, according to the Post. McCain was recently diagnosed with the same kind of brain cancer that Biden s son Beau died of in 2015. Joe Biden served in the Senate from 1972 until 2008, while McCain has been a senator since 1987 .TERM LIMITS!While Biden lobbied McCain, former President Barack Obama remained quiet on the issue as the Senate was on the verge of dismantling a core piece of his legacy.Former Sen. Joseph Lieberman  a close friend of McCain, also lobbied him to oppose the bill, according to the Post.Read more: HuffPo",0
10265,NBC PUTS VIEWERS Out Of Their Misery…Cancels Disastrous MEGYN KELLY Show,"The initial run of Megyn Kelly s Sunday newsmagazine show will reportedly be taken off the air at least two episodes earlier than scheduled because of her disastrous ratings. Last week, Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly set another viewership low with just 2.71 million total viewers. In the last three weeks, her show has failed to beat the years-old Dateline rerun the network ran in her show s time slot when Kelly took a week off during the Fourth of July holiday weekend.According to the New York Post,  Kelly s ratings-challenged Sunday show was announced as a limited  run that would return after the football season. The network was reportedly angling for at least ten episodes but apparently decided to end Kelly s misery after eight episodes as Kelly s downward spiral in the ratings did not stop.An NBC spinmeister claimed that Kelly s show was going off the air after this week s show because she needs to be  freed up to focus  on her morning show. Translation: Kelly needs to do all she can to not ruin NBC s crown jewel Today franchise. Network executives, who reportedly have been freaking out about Kelly s poor ratings, are probably praying that Kelly simply does no more harm than she has already done in her short time at the network.  Breitbart News",0
10266,SOCIALIST BERNIE SANDERS Can’t Explain Single Payer or Why Blue States Rejected It [Video],"Bernie Sanders should know his socialized medicine but in an exchange on Sunday he failed when he was pressed to explain why a single-payer health care system was rejected in Vermont and California, two staunchly Democratic states:CNN host Jake Tapper said that California and Vermont are  cobalt blue states  and asked how single-payer could be affordable at the national level if they rejected the system at the state level because of the expense:Single-payer failed to pass in both California and Vermont after lawmakers were unable to figure out how to fund the system. Voters in Colorado also rejected single-payer last year.Sanders pushed back against Tapper, citing  studies that he has seen,  and said that single-payer would save the average family  significant sums of money. If you look at Canada s single-payer health care system per capita, their costs are far far less than the United States,  Sanders said.   If you look at the UK, if you look at countries around the world, all of which have different approaches to a national health care system, in every instance, they are spending substantially less per capita than we pay in the United States. Read more: WFB",0
10267,NJ GOV CHRIS CHRISTIE Gets in Cubs Fan’s Face at Baseball Game…Not Pretty [Video],"NJ Governor Chris Christie was being heckled during a baseball game at Miller Park. He lost it and got in the face of a Chicago Cubs fan and said  Yeah, you re a big shot . Doesn t he know better than to respond to people like that? What would you do?At #Cubs #Brewers game. #ChrisChristie was getting razzed by fans, so he got in the face of one of them. 5:30 on @WISN12News pic.twitter.com/sx8euMgFy2  Ben Hutchison (@BennyHutch) July 30, 2017In a video, Christie can be seen holding some nachos before going nose-to-nose with the Cubs fan. The Cubs fan was asked by one of the people around him what did Christie say and the fan replied:  You want to act like a big shot? Christie s son works for the Brewers. Christie was recently booed at a New York Mets game after catching a foul ball in the stands. He has also filled in for New York City sports radio host Mike Francesa in what may have been an audition to possibly succeed Francesa, when he retires at the end of the year.THIS ISN T CHRISTIE S FIRST RUN-IN WITH A MAN ON THE STREET:Via: Gateway Pundit",0
10268,HOW PRESIDENT TRUMP Can Remove Congress From Their ObamaCare Exemption [Video],"President Trump tweeted that he was considering removing bailouts and forcing Congress to pay for their health insurance at the same rates as the rest of the country. BELOW, DR. MICHAEL SIEGEL AND MICHAEL NEEDHAM (BELOW) DISCUSS HOW TRUMP CAN TAKE THE OBAMACARE EXEMPTION FROM CONGRESS:Michael Needham appeared on Fox Weekend News to discuss the possibility of President Trump removing tax-payer funded subsidies for individual members of Congress, and their staff, that allows them to avoid feeling the cost of ObamaCare.He states that this tweet could put the right pressure on Congress to come to a decision by making them  feel the full impact of the premium increases that the American people are feeling.  The American people are tired of Washington playing by different rules. In order to escape the skyrocketing premiums and other disadvantages of Obamacare, Congress defined itself as a  small business  which would entail an organization that employs fifty people or less. This then put them into the DC Small Business Exchange, allowing them to receive up to $12,000 in subsidies. He believes that it s the Senate that needs to step up to the plate since the House and POTUS have already stated their support.Read more: The Conservative Tree House",0
10269,MN: Mayoral Candidate Wants To DISARM COPS After Muslim Cop Kills Unarmed Woman," Minneapolis mayoral candidate Raymond Dehn proposes disarming cops in wake of Damond shooting. Only one year ago, the FBI named Minneapolis, MN as one of the most dangerous cities in America. Minneapolis is also home to the largest Somali refugee population in America. According to the Star Tribune, Minnesota remains near the top among states for refugee resettlement, measured as a share of state population. It is also the top destination for refugees who move from the state where they were originally resettled. Of the 2,338 total, almost 45 percent hailed from Somalia.In the wake of the shooting death of Australian Justine Damond, Raymond Dehn, a candidate in the race for Minneapolis mayor has proposed disarming police officersThe Australian woman was shot dead by police officer Mohamed Noor after calling 911 to report a suspected sexual assault. Officers don t need to carry a gun on their person all the time,  said Raymond Dehn, one of the frontrunners in the mayoral race and who currently serves in the Minnesota House of Representatives. Currently, officers carry all sorts of assault weapons in their cars. So why can t one of those weapons be the side arm (such as a baton that sits on a holster)? It s important that we begin to have a conversation, and I would say that all things are on the table. We live in a culture where guns are pervasive. Cops carrying guns is part of a larger conversation about guns in our society,  he said, according to the Star Tribune .Better yet, how about just disarm the cops who, like Mohamed Noor, are only on the force to demonstrate Minneapolis  commitment to  diversity,  rather than because they re competent to be police officers?Even better still, how about hire and fire cops based on merit, rather than for their value as trophy Muslims or Somalis on the force?Nah   that would be  Islamophobic.    Jihad Watch",0
10270,BREAKING NEWS: Vladimir Putin Retaliates After New Sanctions Are Slapped On Russia,"Here s a question for the anti-Trump media: If Putin and Trump have such a strong history of working together, why take such drastic actions against the US? Why doesn t Putin just pick up the phone and call his old buddy Donald Trump and get those sanctions lifted? Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Sunday that 755 US diplomats must leave the country by Sept. 1.Putin s order comes after a threat he issued on Friday about slashing US diplomatic staff in Russia and seizing two American properties in retaliation after Congress approved a vote to slap new sanctions over Moscow s interference in the 2016 presidential election.Remember when President Trump used Twitter to mock the media for suggesting Putin wanted to see Trump elected over the very weak Hillary Clinton?In other words, Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election   and why not, I want strong military & low oil prices. Witch Hunt! https://t.co/mMSxj4Su5z  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2017Although the staff cuts were announced Friday, this is the first official confirmation from Putin regarding the number of American diplomats to be expelled. We waited for quite some time that maybe something will change for the better, had such hope that the situation will somehow change, but judging by everything, if it changes, it will not be soon,  Putin said in a television interview with the Rossiya 1 network, according to Interfax news agency.  Circa News",0
10271,OOPS! MEDIA LIED…Transgender Surgery For Military Members Cost Taxpayers A LOT More Than #FakeNews Is Telling Americans,"Liz Harrington, a writer for the Washington Free Beacon  appeared on the Tucker Carlson Show to discuss the real cost of sex reassignment surgery for transgenders in the military. Harrington debunked the fake numbers the media s been peddling to the American public about the cost of the sex assignment surgeries, in an effort to discredit President Trump s decision to ban transgenders serving in the military. It turns out the media hasn t been exactly honest about actual cost of allowing transgenders to serve in our military. The media s been saying the costs are only a few million per year, but according to Harrington, the actual estimated cost is more like $1.3 billion to taxpayers over a 10 year period. Additionally, the military members who have these surgeries take an estimated 238 days off to recover.As a side note, the $1.3 billion cost to taxpayers doesn t even include the very costly hormone treatments that transgenders in the military will need following the costly surgeries.The Washington Post has done their part to mislead the American public about the cost of transgenders serving in our military. They re not interested in taking an honest look at the costs to the American taxpayer. For the media, this issue has nothing to do with the cost to American taxpayers or with our national security. It s simple a matter of political correctness. And for The Washington Post, who Americans used to rely on for actual news, political correctness trumps truth every time.The Washington Post published an article on July 26th titled that supposedly addressed the cost of transgenders in the military. Instead, the article was written and titled to reinforce a false narrative that our president is a  homophobe , a  racist  and a  misogynist .Trump s argument against transgender soldiers echoes one used against gays, women and blacksHere is a portion of their article:Seemingly out of the blue on Wednesday morning, President Trump took to Twitter to announce that he would not allow  Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military.  The rationale? The military  cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. The question of costs   presumably referring to procedures like gender reassignment surgery   was addressed in a Rand report that estimated a 0.04- to 0.13-percent increase in military health-care expenditures should transgender people be allowed to serve. Trump has proposed a 10 percent bump in overall military spending, which could certainly absorb that increase.Can anyone explain why members of Congress would vote to increase spending on our military that would then be used for sex reassignment surgery for transgenders serving in our military? What in the world does sex reassignment have to do with defending our nation? ",0
10272,TRUMP MAKES JOKE TO COPS…The Loony Left Freaks Out Claiming “Trump Promotes Police Brutality” [Video],"President Trump made a joke while speaking to law enforcement officers that was portrayed in the media as an endorsement of police brutality The left will do just about anything to bash President Trump! Go to the 22:30 mark to hear the joke:The Daily Caller reports that while speaking about violent gang-members in a speech to law enforcement officers that focused on MS-13, Trump said officers shouldn t be  too nice  when putting violent criminals in the  paddy wagon. He added:  Like when you guys put somebody in the car and you re protecting their head, you know, the way you put the hand over. Like, don t hit their head and they ve just killed somebody, don t hit their head. I said,  You can take the hand away, OK. Trump s comment was clearly a joke and, as liberal website Slate pointed out, resembled a famous Jerry Seinfeld joke on the same topic.Journalists immediately said that the joke was an open endorsement of police brutality. TRUMP ENDORSES POLICE BRUTALITY,  blared HuffPost s front page, featuring a story titled:  Donald Trump Endorses Police Brutality In Speech To Cops. Other outlets took a similar tone.  Trump promotes police brutality in speech to cops,  reported The Daily Dot.  Trump praises police violence to audience of laughing cops,  left-wing ThinkProgress reported. Trump endorsed police brutality in a speech to law enforcement while officers laughed and cheered,  claimed Huffington Post editor Emma Gray.  In a country that already has a pretty pervasive problem with police brutality, Trump endorses their behavior,  wrote HuffPo editor Phillip Lewis.Commentator Ben Shapiro was quick to push back against claims that Trump was endorsing police brutality. This is all exaggeration. Is it appropriate for Trump to encourage police not to be  too nice  to suspects? Not really. But it s not police brutality to refrain from putting your hand on the head of a suspect to prevent them from bumping it on a car door. It s police brutality if you slam their head into the car door,  Shapiro wrote.Read mrs: Law Officer",0
10273,WATCH REAGAN WARN US AND DRAW BATTLE LINES…Trump is Finishing the Battle Against the “Liberal Fascists” [Video],"President Reagan Warned Of The Dangers Of Liberalism, And He Was Eerily Prophetic. He really knew what he was talking about when it came to liberalism is, and what is has become in our day. He did not hesitate to describe liberalism as essentially fascism in a 1975 interview with CBS s 60 Minutes, a political characterization that few, if any, public leaders seem willing to utter, let alone discuss, today.In a Dec. 14, 1975 interview with 60 Minutes correspondent Mike Wallace, Reagan discussed his political philosophy, saying that  the heart of my philosophy is much more libertarianism, than  .  Wallace then interrupted,  Well, that s the fashionable word these days, I guess. A conservative is no longer just that, he s a libertarian. Reagan continued,  It always has been. How do we call a liberal? You know, someone very profoundly once said many years ago that if fascism ever comes to America, it will come in the name of liberalism. ",0
10274,NANCY PELOSI Screws Up the Oath of Office While Lecturing Reporters on the Seriousness of Her Job [Video],"Not a day goes by that we have another gaffe from Nancy Pelosi Term Limits Please!.@NancyPelosi screws up the oath of office while lecturing reporters about the seriousness of her job. pic.twitter.com/hLGCxsqK4m  Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) July 30, 2017 PELOSI:  As you know, today we ll be debating what s called the minibus, minibus. Not an omnibus, everything, minibus. And it, on the subject of security, as you know, all of us, anyone who serves in government or civically involved takes an oath of office to protect and defend. Support and defend the Constitution of the United States. Our first responsibility is to protect the American people and our constitution. If people are not safe, how can we proceed in any other way? ",0
10275,"19 SECONDS OF DRAMA: After McCain’s Vote of Betrayal, Makes Anti-Trump Comment to Schumer then Gathers with Democrats [Video]","Senator John McCain was overheard saying a sick anti-Trump comment to Senator Schumer right after his shocking vote: Multiple Hill staffers confirm last night McCain was heard laughing w Dems and remarked,  Lets see Donald make America great again now Multiple Hill staffers confirm last night McCain was heard laughing w Dems and remarked,  Lets see Donald make america great again now  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) July 28, 2017A photo of McCain surrounded by Democrats after the vote: ",0
10276,FARMER FINED A WHOPPING $2.8 MILLION Asks President Trump For Help,"A California farmer fined $2.8 million for plowing through vernal pools protected by the Clean Water Act without a permit is appealing to the Trump administration for help, according to California s Record Spotlight.John Duarte has sent letters to Agriculture secretary Sonny Perdue, as well as Attorney General Jeff Sessions seeking clarification on the federal government s case against him, the Record Spotlight reports.While the Clean Water Act protects  waters of the U.S.,  it does contain exemptions for farmers.The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers fined Duarte Nursery, owned by Duarte, in 2012 for failing to get a permit before plowing through vernal pools located on a recently purchased 450 acre plot of land. The vernal pools, temporary bodies of water that house certain species of plants and animals, are protected as waters of the United States by the Clean Water Act of 1972. We expected the Trump administration to provide regulatory relief from Obama-era overreach, and we haven t seen it yet,  Duarte said according to the Record Spotlight.  We re hoping to see the administration engage this issue, to look at it again. House Agriculture Chairman Mike Conway and House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte sided with Duarte, sending a letter to Sessions May 26 questioning the merit of the Duarte case.Read more: DC",0
10277,BURN! NYT TAKES JAB AT FOX NEWS…Watch How FOX Got Even in a Big Way! [Video],"Sometimes, the left just makes it far too easy to win.It is a well-known fact that President Trump is a big fan of FNC s  FOX & Friends,  tweeting about it often. New York Times  James Poniewozik recently ran a hit piece criticizing the show for its friendly relationship with the president, stating that  President Trump is the show s subject, its programmer, its publicist and its virtual fourth host. The stars offer him flattery, encouragement and advice. While furthering his point, Poniewozik complimented the morning show by calling it the most powerful TV show in America  due to Trump s support. Instead of getting mad, FNC got even. They purchased ads in the New Yorks Times featuring its own accidental compliment. A Fox News source confirmed that the advertisement was in direct response to the article. But the sweet revenge didn t end there. After hearing about FNC s clever move in response to Poniewozik s piece, President Trump tweeted his own jab at the New York Times:Wow, the Failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends  .the most powerful T.V. show in America.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 27, 2017 FOX & Friends  host Steve Doocy held up the ad on air to share the victory with viewers. Co-host Ainsley Earhardt gave the show s viewers all the credit, saying  we have the best viewers. You guys are so awesome. Long-time host Brian Kilmeade joked that it must have been tough for the Times to admit the success of the show before stating the ad was also featured in the New York Post.Looks like Trump isn t the only one in town who can go head to head with the liberal media and come out on top.Read more: Biz Pac Review",0
10278,"DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ Planned To Continue Pay For Muslim IT Aide Charged With Multiple Counts of Bank Fraud, While Living In Pakistan…Didn’t Tell Authorities Muslim Wife Left Country While Under Criminal Investigation","Democratic Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz seemingly planned to pay cyber-probe suspect and IT aide Imran Awan even while he was living in Pakistan, if the FBI hadn t stopped him from leaving the U.S. Monday. Public statements and congressional payroll records suggest she also appears to have known that his wife, a fellow IT staffer, left the country for good months ago   while she was also a criminal suspect.In all, six months of actions reveal a decision to continue paying a man who seemingly could not have been providing services to her, and who a mountain of evidence suggests was a liability. The man long had access to all of Wasserman Schultz s computer files, work emails and personal emails, and he was recently accused by a relative in court documents of wiretapping and extortion.Imran Awan is seen here with Bill Clinton in February of 2017:Imran Awan and Bill Clinton Feb '17 pic.twitter.com/ZdWJvt9H2q  archiebird (@archiebird) May 27, 2017Records also raise questions about whether the Florida Democrat permitted Awan to continue to access computers after House-wide authorities banned him from the network Feb. 2. Not only did she keep him on staff after the ban, but she also did not have any other IT person to perform necessary work that presumably would have arisen during a months-long period, according to payroll records.Wasserman Schultz employed Pakistani-born Awan and his wife Hina Alvi, and refused to fire either of them even after U.S. Capitol Police said in February 2017 that they were targets of the criminal investigation. She said police wouldn t show her evidence against the couple and, without it, she assumed they might be victims of anti-Muslim profiling.Heavy   Awan, 37, was at Dulles International Airport trying to leave the country when he was arraigned and surrendered his passport, Chad Pergram of Fox News reported. Awan was charged with bank fraud, according to Fox. The U.S. Capitol Police, FBI, and Customs and Border Protection were all involved in the arrest. According to the complain, he had bought a ticket to fly to Doha, Qatar and then Lahore, Pakistan, and had a return flight booked for January.Awan pleaded not guilty to one count of bank fraud on Tuesday, and he was ordered to turn over his passports. A hearing is scheduled for August 21 at 1:45 p.m.Awan, his wife Hina Alvi, along with several other related IT staffers had been under investigation since February, Politico reported. Officials accused them of stealing equipment from House members  offices, along with committing other possible violations. Details about the investigation were vague at first. Politico described the investigation in this way:  The employees allegedly stole equipment from members  offices without their knowledge and committed serious, potentially illegal, violations of House IT policies. In March, Fox News went into a little more detail, saying that at least five contractors, including Awan and his brothers Jamal and Abid Awan, were being investigated for possibly removing equipment from offices, including computers and servers. Fox News reported in March that the allegations included running a procurement scheme that involved buying equipment, then double-billing the House administrative office, and possibly having unauthorized access to the House computer system. Items that may have been double-billed included computers, iPads, monitors, keyboards, and routers.According to Politico, Awan earned nearly $2 million since 2004 as an IT support staffer for House Democrats. Alvi began working for House Democrats in 2007 and earned more than $1.3 million since then. Their salaries were split among multiple lawmakers  offices. None of the staffers under investigation had access to classified information, Politico reported.Awan booked a round-trip ticket to Pakistan in July and planned to depart Monday, July 24 with a return ticket in six months. He was arrested at Dulles Airport during his attempt to leave.The Associated Press reported that Awan s lawyer, Chris Gowen, said Awan  had informed the House of his plans to visit his family. Wasserman Schultz s spokesman cited Awan s Monday arrest as the reason for ending his employment on Tuesday:  Upon learning of his arrest, he was terminated. The office s insistence that his termination was prompted by the Monday arrest   and not the House Sergeant at Arms banning him and his wife from touching congressional computers or his six months in Pakistan   suggests that had he boarded the flight without incident he would still be on payroll.Awan s wife, Hina, left the country under similar circumstances March 5, after withdrawing the couple s three kids from school without telling Virginia education officials, packing up all of her possessions, and hiding $12,000 in cash, according to an FBI affidavit. She allegedly had hundreds of thousands of dollars waiting in Pakistan for her   money the FBI says Awan had obtained partly through mortgage fraud and had wired overseas using a false explanation.Two days later, on March 7, House records show Hina was cut from Wasserman Schultz s payroll.Though Hina bought a round trip ticket with a return in six months, the FBI said it  does not believe that Alvi has any intention to return to the United States. Wasserman Schultz spokesman David Darmrom did not respond to a DCNF IG request to explain why Hina had been terminated two days into a trip she claimed was temporary, while her husband had not been terminated for a six-month move. Between the part-time nature of her work and the ban, her absence was unlikely to have been noticed in two days without someone telling the office her plans.Wasserman Schultz s office also didn t answer if the office knew Hina s  round trip  was a permanent move.Hina and Awan were both IT aides whose jobs required access to the network, but the House Sergeant-At-Arms banned them from accessing it beginning Feb. 2. Awan and Hina were her only IT staffers, and payroll records through the latest available period, March 31, indicate that no other IT staffer or vendor was added to the payroll after their ban.A House source said Awan was seen in the House office building multiple times after the network ban.  Imran Awan is working in an  advisory  role for Wasserman Schultz, her spokesman said,  providing advice on technology issues. The spokesman wouldn t say who did the office s computer work after the ban, if not Awan.As IT administrators, the suspects could read all emails sent and received by the lawmaker and see all files on the staff members  computers, numerous House IT aides said. Wikileaks shows that Awan also had the password to Wasserman Schultz s iPad.In public court documents filed in Fairfax, Va., Awan s stepmother accused him of wiretapping and extortion.  Imran Awan did admit to me that my phone is tapped and there are devices installed in my house  and  Imran Awan threatened that he is very powerful and if I ever call the police again, [he] will   kidnap my family members back in Pakistan,  his stepmother, Samina Gilani, claimed in the documents (p. 21) filed April 14.Despite her professed concern of stereotyping, all other colleagues who employed Awan, Hina or their other relatives on House payrolls fired them, including Rep. Andre Carson of Indiana, who is Muslim and has criticized Wasserman Schultz for blocking police from examining a laptop tied to Imran.That laptop was found in an unused crevice of a House office building and seized as evidence by the Capitol Police, but Wasserman Schultz appeared determined to not let police see its contents, threatening  consequences  for the police chief if he didn t release it. The exchange was captured on video.  Daily Caller",0
10279,EXPERT CLAIMS N. KOREA’S SECOND MISSILE Test Demonstrates They Now Have Ability To Hit 3 Major Cities On U.S. Mainland,"When asked if a pre-emptive military strike is a possibility, as reported last week by NBC News, Trump wouldn t elaborate. I don t want to telegraph what I m doing or what I m thinking. I m not like other administrations, where they say we re going to do this in four weeks,  Trump told Fox s Ainsley Earhardt It doesn t work that way. We ll see what happens. I hope things work out well. I hope there s going to be peace, but they ve been talking with this gentleman for a long time,  he continued. You read Clinton s book. and he said,  Oh, we made such a great peace deal,  and it was a joke,  Trump said.  You look at different things over the years with President Obama. Everybody has been outplayed.  The HillNorth Korea doesn t appear to be backing off as they continue to push forward with the testing of their intercontinental ballistic missiles. They called the launching of their second flight test yesterday, a  stern warning  to the United States. David Wright, a physicist and co-director of the global security program at the Union of Concerned Scientists, said that if reports of the missile s maximum altitude and flight time are correct, it would have a theoretical range of at least 10,400 kilometers (about 6,500 miles). That means it could have reached Los Angeles, Denver or Chicago, depending on variables such as the size and weight of the warhead that would be carried atop such a missile in an actual attack.North Korean leader Kim Jong Un said Saturday the second flight test of an intercontinental ballistic missile demonstrated his country can hit the U.S. mainland, hours after the launch left analysts concluding that a wide swath of the United States, including Los Angeles and Chicago, is now in range of North Korean weapons.The Korean Central News Agency said that Kim expressed  great satisfaction  after the Hwasong-14 missile reached a maximum height of 3,725 kilometers (2,314 miles) and traveled 998 kilometers (620 miles) before accurately landing in waters off Japan. The agency said that the test was aimed at confirming the maximum range and other technical aspects of the missile it says was capable of delivering a  large-sized, heavy nuclear warhead. Analysts had estimated that the North s first ICBM on July 4 could have reached Alaska, and said that the latest missile appeared to extend that range significantly.Immediately after the launch, U.S. and South Korean forces conducted live-fire exercises. South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-moo called for the deployment of strategic U.S. military assets   which usually means stealth bombers and aircraft carriers   as well as additional launchers of an advanced U.S. anti-missile system.Japanese government spokesman Yoshihide Suga said the missile, launched late Friday night, flew for about 45 minutes   about five minutes longer than the first. The missile was launched on very high trajectory, which limited the distance it traveled, and landed west of Japan s island of Hokkaido.The KCNA quoted Kim as saying that the launch reaffirmed the reliability of the country s ICBM system and an ability to fire at  random regions and locations at random times  with the  entire  U.S. mainland now within range. The agency said that the test confirmed important features of the missile system, such as the proper separation of the warhead and controlling its movement and detonation after atmospheric re-entry.Kim said the launch sent a  serious warning  to the United States, which has been  meaninglessly blowing its trumpet  with threats of war and stronger sanctions, the KCNA said.President Donald Trump issued a statement condemning the missile test as a threat to the world, and rejecting North Korea s claim that nuclear weapons ensure its security.  In reality, they have the opposite effect,  he said.Trump said the weapons and tests  further isolate North Korea, weaken its economy, and deprive its people.  He vowed to  take all necessary steps  to ensure the security of the U.S. and its allies.ABC News   On July 4th, 2917, A U.S. official confirmed that North Korea launched a two-stage intercontinental ballistic missile. It was the first successfully test-fired ICBM for North Korea, which has been attempting to build a missile that can reach the U.S. mainland.Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in March that  all options are on the table  to deal with the escalating threat North Korea poses.The Department of Defense has an extensive missile defense system designed to help protect against a missile attack from that country.In May the U.S. conducted the ground-based intercept system s first test against an ICBM-class target. The interceptor was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, and the ICBM target was launched from Kwajalein Atoll, part of the Marshall Islands in the Pacific. The result: The ICBM was intercepted, which was likened to firing a bullet and hitting another bullet. This system is vitally important to the defense of our homeland, and this test demonstrates that we have a capable, credible deterrent against a very real threat,  said Vice Adm. Jim Syring, the director of the Missile Defense Agency at the time.There are 36 ground-based interceptors at two military bases in the U.S.   32 at Fort Greely in Alaska and four at Vandenberg.Watch:Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida said he told U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a phone call that the second missile test greatly increased the threat from Pyongyang. He said two sides agreed to consider all means necessary to exert the utmost pressure on North Korea. They reiterated calls for new sanctions and to work closely together with South Korea along with efforts by China and Russia.China, meanwhile, urged its ally North Korea to abide by U.N. Security Council resolutions and halt any moves that could escalate tensions on the Korean Peninsula.Washington and its allies have watched with growing concern as Pyongyang has made significant progress toward its goal of having all of the U.S. within range of its missiles to counter what it labels as U.S. aggression. There are other hurdles, including building nuclear warheads to fit on those missiles and ensuring reliability. But many analysts have been surprised by how quickly leader Kim Jong Un has developed North Korea s nuclear and missile programs despite several rounds of U.N. Security Council sanctions that have squeezed the impoverished country s economy.Trump has said he will not allow North Korea to obtain an ICBM that can deliver a nuclear warhead. But this week, the Defense Intelligence Agency reportedly concluded that the North will have a reliable ICBM capable of carrying a nuclear weapon as early as next year, in an assessment that trimmed two years from the agency s earlier estimate.  AP",0
10280,PICTURE OF Cop Walking Son To School On Day He Was Murdered Appears On Social Media Same Day MEDIA TRASHED TRUMP Over Joke He Made To Cops About Getting Tough On Criminals Who Kill Innocent People,"So what s worse, Barack Obama remaining silent about the slaughter of innocent cops, while meeting behind closed doors in the White House with Black Lives Matter leaders advocating for violence against innocent cops, or President Trump making a joke about cops being tougher on criminals who kill innocent people? Does anyone remember Al Sharpton leading a hateful chant:  What do we want? Dead cops! When do we want it? Now!  in a pro-violence against cops rally in the city of New York? Does anyone remember then President Barack Obama denouncing this hateful rhetoric against innocent law enforcement officers?Shortly after these protests, 2 New York City cops were killed in cold blood by a black lives matter supporter. Donald Trump, who was not yet a candidate for president, spoke out on the culpability of Al Sharpton, who is a close friend of former President Barack Obama for the murders of these innocent cops:President Trump didn t make any secret of the fact that he was pro-police while he was running for office. He also didn t make any secret of the fact that he believed Al Sharpton was doing what he was doing to racially divide our nation.President Trump made a joke while speaking to law enforcement officers that was portrayed in the media as an endorsement of police brutality.Meanwhile, the heartbreaking picture of slain Indiana cop Lt. Aaron Allen walking his young son to the bus on the day he was murdered by one of the  victims in a car crash he was responding to, has appeared on several social media sited. You will be hard pressed to find it in the media however, because it doesn t fit their liberal, anti-cop narrative.This is a photo of Lt. Aaron Allen walking his son to the bus stop hours before he was killed in the line of duty. Teared up looking at this pic.twitter.com/tJRNEaTWjJ  Ryan Fournier (@RyanAFournier) July 29, 2017Daily Caller   While speaking about violent gang-members in a speech to law enforcement officers that focused on MS-13, Trump said officers shouldn t be  too nice  when putting violent criminals in the  paddy wagon. He added:  Like when you guys put somebody in the car and you re protecting their head, you know, the way you put the hand over. Like, don t hit their head and they ve just killed somebody, don t hit their head. I said,  You can take the hand away, OK. Trump s comment was clearly a joke and, as liberal website Slate pointed out, resembled a famous Jerry Seinfeld joke on the same topic.Liberal journalists said the joke was an open endorsement of police brutality.Here s the clip of Trump making a joke to the law enforcement officers:President urges officers to commit acts of brutality, officers laugh and cheer wildly. Beginning to think problem isn't a few bad apples. pic.twitter.com/o1sSgw6lGy  Matthew Gertz (@MattGertz) July 28, 2017 TRUMP ENDORSES POLICE BRUTALITY,  blared HuffPost s front page, featuring a story titled:  Donald Trump Endorses Police Brutality In Speech To Cops. Other outlets took a similar tone.  Trump promotes police brutality in speech to cops,  reported The Daily Dot.  Trump praises police violence to audience of laughing cops,  left-wing ThinkProgress reported. Trump endorsed police brutality in a speech to law enforcement while officers laughed and cheered,  claimed Huffington Post editor Emma Gray.  In a country that already has a pretty pervasive problem with police brutality, Trump endorses their behavior,  wrote HuffPo editor Phillip Lewis. Trump just called for cops to rough up suspects more in front of a crowd of cops, they cheered,  claimed Daily Beast writer Colin Jones. President Trump is openly and explicitly calling for, to wild applause just moments ago, cops to commit more police brutality,  claimed Daily Beast writer Asawin Suebsaeng. This is vile, and shame on every officer who cheered and whooped,  said liberal MSNBC host Chris Hayes. MSNBC producer Kyle Griffin claimed the video showed Trump suggesting that  it s OK for police to rough up the people that they arrest. President Trump spent his Friday afternoon publicly praising police brutality,  claimed left-wing news outlet NowThis.Conservative commentator Ben Shapiro was quick to push back against claims that Trump was endorsing police brutality. This is all exaggeration. Is it appropriate for Trump to encourage police not to be  too nice  to suspects? Not really. But it s not police brutality to refrain from putting your hand on the head of a suspect to prevent them from bumping it on a car door. It s police brutality if you slam their head into the car door,  Shapiro wrote. ",0
10281,"WASHINGTON POST HIRES EXPERTS to Prove 9-Year-Old’s Letter to Trump was Fake… Not Only is Kid Real, Trump Invites Him to Whitehouse [Video]","After Sarah Huckabee Sanders read a letter from a little boy to the press (see below), liberal media like the Washington Post tried to prove that it was fake by using a handwriting analyst!THE LIBERALS TRY THEIR BEST TO PROVE THE LETTER IS FAKE:The Washington Post reported: Handwriting and children s cognitive experts were called and asked whether the letter appeared to be written by a child. We called one ourselves. Two, actually.Deborah McCutchen is a professor at the University of Wisconsin who studies cognitive processes in reading and writing ability. She looked at the letter. She noted that the handful of small spelling errors followed the phonetic sounds of words    pitcher  instead of  picture    which would be common in the writing of a young child. Then again, the letter also included a hyphen, which seemed sophisticated for a 9-year-old.Sheila Lowe, president of the American Handwriting Analysis Foundation, said she didn t see anything that would be inconsistent with a 9-year-old s writing, but she also clarified that she did not specialize in analyzing the writing of children. She noted that the margins on the right side of the paper were very wide, which can indicate a feeling of concern about the future.It s not fake meet Dylan and listen to him and his mother talk about how President Trump invited them to the White House for a personal tour:Here s the video of Sarah Huckabee Sanders reading Dylan s letter on Wednesday to the press, who immediately jumped into action to try to prove the letter was fake:Dylan aka Pickle thank you for your letter and hope to meet you soon! pic.twitter.com/XZlJARZ9cs  Sarah Huckabee (@SarahHuckabee) July 26, 2017 #PickleTruther suddenly appeared on twitter as the lefty media furiously tried to prove that the letter was fake.We hope Dylan has a chance to meet President Trump and isn t bullied for his support of Trump like so many adults are. He s adorable!",0
10282,9-YEAR OLD TRUMP FAN FOUND After Liberal Media Tries to Prove His Letter to Trump is Fake [VIDEO],"After Sarah Huckabee Sanders read a letter from a little boy to the press (see below), liberal media like the Washington Post tried to prove that it was fake by using a handwriting analyst! It s NOT! Meet Dylan:Dylan aka  Pickle  from Stockton, CA came out to speak up about why he wrote the letter to President Trump. Sarah Huckabee Sanders read Dylan s letter on Wednesday to the press They immediately tried to prove the letter was fake:Dylan aka Pickle thank you for your letter and hope to meet you soon! pic.twitter.com/XZlJARZ9cs  Sarah Huckabee (@SarahHuckabee) July 26, 2017THE LIBERALS TRY THEIR BEST TO PROVE THE LETTER IS FAKE:The Washington Post reported: Handwriting and children s cognitive experts were called and asked whether the letter appeared to be written by a child. We called one ourself. Two, actually.Deborah McCutchen is a professor at the University of Wisconsin who studies cognitive processes in reading and writing ability. She looked at the letter. She noted that the handful of small spelling errors followed the phonetic sounds of words    pitcher  instead of  picture    which would be common in the writing of a young child. Then again, the letter also included a hyphen, which seemed sophisticated for a 9-year-old.Sheila Lowe, president of the American Handwriting Analysis Foundation, said she didn t see anything that would be inconsistent with a 9-year-old s writing, but she also clarified that she did not specialize in analyzing the writing of children. She noted that the margins on the right side of the paper were very wide, which can indicate a feeling of concern about the future.#PickleTruther suddenly appeared on twitter as the lefty media furiously tried to prove that the letter was fake.We hope Dylan has a chance to meet President Trump and isn t bullied for his support of Trump like so many adults are. He s adorable!",0
10283,BUSTED! H.R. McMaster Caught Communicating Internal White House Info with Deep State’s McCabe,"Sara Carter of Circa News is a very trusted source who goes deep like no other journalist we know. Carter is reporting that National Security Advisor, H.R. McMaster has been communicating White House internal information to Deep State Acting FBI Director Andy McCabe.Investigating: sources say, McMaster has been communicating WH internal politics 2 Acting FBI director Andy McCabe.  More shake-ups?  Sara A. Carter (@SaraCarterDC) July 28, 2017We ve written extensively on McCabe who was in hot water for doing unscrupulous things (see below) during his wife s campaign. His loyalty to Trump has been called into question numerous times. The timing is interesting because Judicial Watch just filed three lawsuits for info on McCabe.Investigative reporter Mike Cernovich has been reporting for months that McMaster is on the globalist s agenda and secretly working against President Trump s  America First  plans. It has also been previously reported that Comey s replacement as Acting FBI Head, Andrew McCabe, has ties to the Hillary Clinton campaign.McCabe is also being investigated by the Office of U.S. Counsel violating the Hatch Act which prohibits FBI agents from campaigning in partisan races. Concerns arose when different media outlets found that a political action committee affiliated with Virginia governor Terry McAuliffe (who has ties to Bill and Hilary Clinton) contributed almost $500,000 to the 2015 Virginia State Senate campaign of McCabe s wife, Jill McCabe. She also received $207,788 from the Virginia Democratic Party, which is connected to McAuliffe, a Democrat.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE FBI S MCCABE BEING UNDER INVESTIGATION:Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe is being investigated by the Office of U.S. Counsel violating the Hatch Act according to a new report by Circa News.The Hatch Act prohibits FBI agents from campaigning in partisan races. Photos of McCabe campaigning for his wife raised questions about McCabe s compliance with the law.Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe is being investigated by the Office of U.S. Special Counsel for violating The Hatch Act that prohibits FBI agents from campaigning in partisan races.The Office of U.S. Special Counsel, the government s main whistleblower agency, is investigating whether FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe s activities supporting his wife Jill s Democratic campaign for Virginia state senate in 2015 violated the Hatch Act s prohibition against FBI agents campaigning in partisan races. I am voting for Jill because she is the best wife ever,  McCabe put on a sign that he photographed himself holding. The photo was posted on her social media page a few days before the election, in response to Dr. Jill McCabe s plea to  help me win  by posting photos expressing reasons why voters should vote for her, according to the complaint.Other social media photos in the complaint showed McCabe s minor daughter campaigning with her mother, wearing an FBI shirt, and McCabe voting with his wife at a polling station.Here is another social media photo of our acting #FBI director, #AndrewMcCabe breaking the rules by campaigning on social media. #Corrupt pic.twitter.com/hBCH29yErY  Senator Dick Black (@SenRichardBlack) May 9, 2017The Hatch Act prohibits FBI employees from engaging  in political activity in concert with a political party, a candidate for partisan political office, or a partisan political group. It defines prohibited political activity as  any activity directed at the success or failure of a partisan group or candidate in a partisan election. An ethics expert told Circa the photos raised legitimate questions about McCabe s compliance with the law.Meanwhile, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe s office released to Circa under the Freedom of Information Act documents showing McCabe attended a meeting with his wife and the governor on a Saturday in March 2015 specifically to discuss having Jill McCabe run for state Senate in Virginia as a Democrat. This is a candidate recruitment meeting. McCabe is seriously considering running against State Senator Dick Black. You have been asked to close the deal,  the briefing memo for McAuliffe read.Watch Sean Hannity discuss McCabe s involvement in his wife s campaign as well as his ties to Hillary s campaign:Included in the governor s briefing package was a copy of McCabe s FBI biography. The biography made clear that Andrew McCabe was a senior executive who at the time oversaw the FBI s Washington field office that among many tasks supervised investigations in northern Virginia.At the time of the meeting, published reports indicate agents in the Washington field office were involved in both a probe of McAuliffe and of the governor s close friend, Hillary Clinton s and her private email account.h/t Gateway PunditRead more: Gateway Pundit",0
10284,THE LEFT AND JK ROWLING GO BALLISTIC! Claim Trump Ignored Disabled Boy…We’ve Got The Truth! [Video],"JK Rowling and the left went on a twitter tirade claiming that President Trump ignored a disabled boy:How stunning, and how horrible, that Trump cannot bring himself to shake the hand of a small boy who only wanted to touch the President. /4x  J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) July 28, 2017That man occupies the most powerful office in the free world and his daily outrages against civilised norms are having a corrosive effect /3  J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) July 28, 2017This video was reposted everywhere on twitter with the claim that Trump ignored the boy   Not true!President @realDonaldTrump snubbed a kid in a wheelchair today pic.twitter.com/qgG3k4BpBP  chrispossible (@chrispossible) July 24, 2017THE CRAZY LEFTISTS ARE WRONG AGAIN: President Trump goes right over to the little boy to shake his hand in the beginning of the video.There ya go! Will the left do anything to make Trump look bad? Yes!!!",0
10285,SCARAMUCCI’S WIFE FILES FOR DIVORCE…Why She’s Blaming Trump,"When was the last time being loyal to your boss was a negative, especially when your boss is the POTUS!The White House s new communications director Anthony Scaramucci is being divorced by his wife Deirdre Ball after three years of marriage because of his ruthless mission to get close to President Donald Trump, whom she despises. A source says that while  she liked the nice Wall Street life and their home on Long Island  she did not care for the  insane world of D.C.  and she is tired of his  naked ambition. Another source said the former couple had fought over his loyalty to Trump. The source noted,  Deidre is not a fan of Trump, and she hasn t exactly been on board and supportive of Anthony and his push to get back into the White House. According to reports, Ball donated $5,400 to the congressional campaign of anti-Trump Democrat Kathleen Rice in 2015. But she also donated $10,800 to Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker s presidential campaign and $2,700 to Jeb Bush s campaign the same year.Deidre worked as a vice president in investor relations for SkyBridge Capital, the firm Scaramucci founded in 2005 and sold to ascend to the White House. The source said that Scaramucci had been  hell-bent  on claiming his position at the White House after he was originally pegged for a senior role. This ambition was halted by Reince Priebus, Trump s chief of staff. But, after an aggressive campaign, Scaramucci was made communications director by Trump which prompted Sean Spicer to quit.Scaramucci recently gave an incredibly strange interview with the New Yorker, telling reporter Ryan Lizza that he thought Priebus was a  f king paranoid schizophrenic, a paranoiac.  He then added,  I m not Steve Bannon, I am not trying to suck my own c k. He was also noted saying,  I m not trying to build my own brand off the f king strength of the president. I am here to serve the country. Ball went by the Twitter handle @MrsAScaramucci but, according to reports, she deleted her account after her husband was appointed as White House communications director. A friend close to Scaramucci stated that  Anthony is focusing on his children, his work for the president and the American people. There is nothing more important to him. I don t know who Deidre thought she was marrying but anyone who knows Anthony knows he s an ambitious man. Read more: Page Six",0
10286,BREAKING NEWS: REINCE PRIEBUS GONE! Trump Tweets Replacement,"Establishment Republican Reince Priebus is gone The establishment Republican so many have blamed for White House leaks or ties to White House leakers met his fate today. After only 6 months as President Trump s White House Chief of Staff, Trump went around the media and announced on Twitter he was being replace with General John F. Kelly:I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 28, 2017 and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 28, 2017Mr. Priebus, a former chairman of the Republican National Committee, lost his job just hours after the president s signature drive to repeal his predecessor s health care program collapsed on the Senate floor and a day after an ugly feud with the new communications director erupted in a public airing of the deep animosities plaguing the White House.The announcement capped a fraught 24 hours in which the president s advisers waited for a change they had long anticipated. Mr. Priebus accompanied Mr. Trump on Air Force One for a day trip to Long Island as his fate was being decided. Making for a tense flight, his rival, Anthony Scaramucci, the communications director who had publicly vowed to force Mr. Priebus s resignation, was also on the plane and in the motorcade.Was Priebus the leaker? According to a report by Mediaite,  Fox s The Five host and friend to the president, Kimberly Guilfoyle told President Trump on Wednesday night he was Fox News host Kimberly Guilfoyle appears to have echoed Anthony Scaramucci s sentiments on Reince Priebus to President Donald Trump during a Wednesday night dinner at the White House, only without the profanity.The Five co-host was invited, along with her colleague Sean Hannity and former Fox News Executive Bill Shine, to the White House Wednesday night to dine with the president. And a report from The New York Times alleges that Guilfoyle told Trump that his Chief of Staff was  a problem  and  a leaker  during that dinner. According to an anonymous source who was briefed on their conversation, Guilfoyle also told the president that Priebus was  someone who was not serving his agenda. On Thursday night, Guilfoyle confirmed to her co-hosts on The Five that she did have dinner with the president. And while she refrained from going into detail about her conversations with Trump, she claimed that he was in a  very, very good mood  and was  enthused  about his agenda going forward.Guilfoyle didn t go after Priebus on-air, but she did say that  something needs to be done  regarding to the numerous White House shakeups.  MediaiteIn barely half a year on the job, Mr. Priebus never won the full confidence of the president nor was granted the authority to impose a working organizational structure on the West Wing. Always seeming to be on the edge of ouster, Mr. Priebus saw his fate finally sealed a week ago when Mr. Trump hired Mr. Scaramucci, an edgy Wall Street financier, over the chief of staff s objections. Mr. Priebus s ally, Sean Spicer, the press secretary, resigned in protest.  NYT",0
10287,TOP TRUMP OFFICIAL Follows His Boss’ Lead…Won’t Take Huge Salary,"While campaigning for president, Donald Trump announced he would not take a salary if he were elected. True to his word, President Trump has donated his $400,000 annual salary to various government agencies of his choosing.In April, Trump donated his first-quarter salary of $78,333.32 to the National Park Service to fund the agency s battlefield preservation efforts, a program that is currently $229 million behind in deferred costs. Two days ago, President Trump donated $100,000 to the Education Department to help fund a STEM-focused camp for students according to Fortune.Power couple and top aides to the president, Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner have also declined government salaries for their positions. Today, the Daily Caller announced a new top Trump administration official would not be taking a salary for his job.White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci won t take a salary for his new job, a White House official told The Daily Caller.In the new role as a senior White House aide, Scaramucci could earn $179,000 annually.Scaramucci, a New York financier, made millions before entering the White House.A financial disclosure form he filled out for his previous post as chief strategy officer at the Export-Import Bank showed that Scaramucci made about ten million between January 1 and the end of June from his investment firm SkyBridge Capital, according to Politico.Scaramucci did not take a salary for his role at the Ex-Im Bank, which would have been $172,100 annually.   Daily Caller ",0
10288,SHOCKING TESTIMONY Confirms Comey Used Fake Russian “Golden Showers” Dossier to Target Trump [Video],"During congressional testimony, the CEO of Hermitage Capital was speaking about the  Foreign Agents Registration Act  (FARA). During the testimony the origin of the Fusion GPS  Russian Dossier  was discussed (please see our previous report on this below). The Hermitage Capital CEO revealed that the Russian government actually paid Fusion GPS to create the fake  Golden Shower  propaganda dossier on candidate Trump. Here s the kicker: That same dossier was used by the FBI in June/July 2016 to generate the FISA surveillance warrants against the Trump campaign.Yes, that means FBI Director Comey used the fake dossier  commissioned by Russia to attack Trump, as the framework to launch his FBI investigation into candidate Donald Trump and Russian collusion.Soooo why is Mueller still investigating President Trump?Entire video of Testimony Below:Graham s questioning begins at the 48:40 point:Foreign Agent Registration Requirements William Bowder, a Russian market investor, testifies at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on foreign agent registration requirements, as well as what he knows about Natalia Veslnitskaya, a Russian attorney who met with Donald Trump, Jr. in 2016. OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE DOSSIER:EXTRAORDINARY DETAILS EMERGE About How Senator John McCain Got  Dirty Dossier  On President Trump From Ex-Spy Where s The Media Outrage?Where was the media s outrage when a sitting United States senator, John McCain went on a wild goose chase, that led him overseas, in an effort to obtain what he believed was incriminating evidence that could be used to harm President Trump? How is it okay for Senator John McCain to actively seek dirt on a sitting president, but not okay for Donald Trump Jr. (who is NOT a government official) to meet with a Russian lawyer in an attempt to discover potential dirt on presidential candidate Hillary Clinton?Sen. John McCain commented on Tuesday about Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with the Russian lawyer. How serious do you think this particular shoe is?  Raju asked, referring to Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with Kremlin-linked lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya after being promised dirt on Clinton that was reportedly part of a Russian government effort. I don t know. But it s certainly another shoe that s dropped that needs to be pursued and looked at,  McCain said.  TPMWatch RINO Senator John McCain express his concern overt the seriousness of Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with the Russian lawyer about the lifting US sanctions on Russian adoption. It s curious that the reporter never asked McCain about his efforts to smear our president with a unsubstantiated dirty dossier from an ex-spy:Before we go any further into the messy details of John McCain s international dealings to find dirt on our sitting president, it s worth mentioning that as far as we know, no one was murdered as a result of Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya, who entered the US without a visa under  extraordinary circumstances  thanks to the efforts of Barack Obama s DOJ. The same cannot be said about McCain s dealings with the  dirty dossier  on Trump. Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya is also said to have ties to Fusion GPS, the sketchy secretive Washington firm that commissioned the dubious intelligence dossier on Donald Trump.According to the Daily Caller   The Russian lawyer who offered Donald Trump Jr. damaging information about former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reportedly has ties to the opposition research firm that commissioned the dossier on President Donald Trump.When the June 2016 meeting took place, Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya was in New York to defend Prevezon, a Russian holding firm accused of laundering money for corrupt Russian businessmen. Veselnitskaya had been working on the case for years with assistance from Fusion GPS, the opposition research firm that compiled the Trump dossier.Fusion GPS denied any knowledge of, or role in, facilitating the meeting between Veselnitskaya and Trump Jr.According to The Sun: A FORMER KGB spy chief suspected of helping Brit spook Christopher Steele compile the Trump  dirty dossier  has been found dead in his car under mysterious circumstances.Oleg Erovinkin, described as a key source behind the widely discredited document, was found dead in the back of his car in Moscow on Boxing Day.Today, the Daily Mail reports: Sen. John McCain said he did  what any citizen would do  in turning over the dirty dossier, which contained unconfirmed secrets about the president-elect, over to the FBI.The Guardian charted the path of how the dossier came to be and how it was that McCain got his hands on the controversial documents.In turn, that firm outsourced the research to a  retired western European former counter-intelligence official, with a long history of dealing with the shadow world of Moscow s spooks and siloviki (securocrats),  explained the Guardian.Yesterday, the Wall Street Journal identified the ex-spy as Christopher Steele.The Guardian pointed out that just because a Democrat was willing to pay for the information that didn t mean that said Democrat was Hillary Clinton s campaign or the Democratic National Committee.Sometimes donors seek out this information in order to ensure they ve made a sound investment.***Yeah okay!***The contractor, who the Guardian didn t name, but the Wall Street Journal identified as Steele, reportedly found the information that he dug up to be concerning. He and another ex-British diplomat, Christopher Burrows, run their own company, Orbis Business Intelligence. If the allegations were real, their implications were overwhelming,  the Guardian wrote.On November 18, at the Halifax International Security Forum, McCain was introduced to a  former senior western diplomat  who had set eyes on the documents and knew who put them together, telling the Arizona Republican that the individual was  highly reliable. That man can now be named as Sir Andrew Wood, British ambassador to Moscow from 1995 to 2000.Wood told the Independent that he had met McCain, spoken to him about Trump, and about the potential for him to be compromised.In a carefully nuanced statement he said:  Yes I did meet Senator McCain and his aides at the conference. We spoke about the kind of activities the Russians can be engaged in. We also spoke about how Mr Trump may find himself in a position where there could be an attempt to blackmail him with Kompromat [a Russian term for compromising material] and claims that there were audio and video tapes in existence.   He added:  I would like to stress that I did not pass on any dossier to Senator McCain or anyone else and I did not see a dossier at the time. I do know Christopher Steele and in my view he is very professional and thorough in what he does. He did not however address whether he told McCain there was a dossier   and how to get it.Clearly, somebody did.From there, McCain dispatched a  trusted emissary  who flew across the Atlantic to meet the source of the documents at an airport that the Guardian did not name.The aide was instructed to look for a man with a copy of the Financial Times and that s how the individuals met, with the source taking McCain s emissary back to his house and giving the American a copy of the documents.Within 24 hours, the dossier was in Washington, though the contents of the file couldn t be verified without an investigation.  McCain, the Guardian said, was worried that his actions might be interpreted as revenge for some of the controversial comments Trump made about him   such as knocking the fact that the longtime senator had been a prisoner of war.However, McCain decided to hand over the documents to FBI Director James Comey on December 9. Upon examination of the contents, and unable to make a judgment about their accuracy, I delivered the information to the Director of the FBI,  McCain said Wednesday in a statement about that matter. That has been the extent of my contact with the FBI or any other government agency regarding this issue,  McCain said.For entire story: Daily MailRead more: CT",0
10289,OOPS! VIDEO Shows Senator McCain Saying He’ll Fight To REPEAL and REPLACE Obamacare Only 9 Months Ago: “We have to scrap it entirely and start over”,"In spite of Senator John McCain s promise to his constituents only 9 months ago when he was running for reelection, that he would fight to repeal and replace Obamacare, McCain voted late last night with two other liberal Republican senators, and every Democrat senator to keep Obamacare intact.But that s not what Senator McCain promised Arizona voters he would do only 9 months ago On October 10, 2016, John McCain faced off against his Democrat opponent Congresswoman Kirkpatrick in a televised debate. At the center of the debate was the disastrous Obamacare and what could be done to fix it. McCain responded: For the first time in history, a major entitlement reform was rammed through the Congress of the United States without a single vote from the other side. I fought for weeks, and weeks, and weeks against Obamacare and they would not allow us an amendment. There was not a single amendment allowed. No input from the minority party. We were the minority party. Now Congresswoman Kirkpatrick wants us to sit down and work together. Here s how we work together, we repeal and we replace it. McCain went on to argue that the majority of the American people have  resoundingly rejected Obamacare. One of the debate moderators asked McCain if it was possible for Congress to try to improve Obamacare rather than to try to repeal it. McCain rejected the idea that it could be fixed and that the only solution is to repeal Obamacare:  We have to scrap it entirely and start over.  McCain went on to explain why Congress MUST repeal Obamacare,  It s a scam and the problem is, that the cost is becoming prohibitive and we ve got to change it and fix it. Watch Senator John McCain as he arrogantly throws his thumb down in defiance of his own party and joins two of the most liberal Republicans in the Senate to thumb their noses at President Trump, as they jump across the aisle to join their friends who shut them out of the first Obamacare vote.",0
10290,WATCH: SARAH HUCKABEE-SANDERS Mocks Media For Ignoring Public Testimony Proving Fake Russian Dossier Was Part Of “Witch Hunt or Hoax”,"Sarah Huckabee Sanders has taken control of the media and is no longer allowing them to push a false narrative when it comes to President Trump and a non-existant Russian connection.Time and time again, Sanders has proven she s no pushover when it comes to the rabid leftist media who would love nothing more than to be able to sabotage her during her press briefings. Yesterday was no exception. With a smile on her face, Sanders called out the media for ignoring the biggest story of the day.  The one day there might have been a question on Russia, there wasn t. Often, we have a lot of uh, media with  Russia first , and uh, but today, there was public testimony that further discredited the phony dossier that s been the source of so much of the fake news and conspiracy theories. And we learned that the firm that produced it was also being paid by the Russians. This is yet the latest piece of evidence that vindicates what the president has said that this is just a  witch hunt  and a  hoax . And its a shame that the president and the country have had to go through this charade. The entire Russia hoax implodes just as the scandal of the year (the Awan brothers) breaks. Bad week for Fake News! pic.twitter.com/acjPqJs33b  Newt-Trump Fan Club (@NewtTrump) July 27, 2017",0
10291,UNREAL! THREE REPUBLICAN SENATORS Kill Republican Healthcare Bill in Midnight Vote [Video],"It s clear that some Republicans never wanted Obamacare to die Susan Collins of Maine, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and John McCain of Arizona killed the Republican  skinny  bill in a 49-51 vote. McCain could be seen walking into the room with a thumbs down to case his vote. You could hear shocked reaction in the room Sen. John McCain votes NO to defeat Obamacare: John McCain says he voted to reject a so-called skinny repeal healthcare bill in the Senate because it would not accomplish the goal of effectively replacing Obamacare. Issuing a statement the senator said he dramatically voted  no  in the small hours of Friday morning because he did not believe in forcing through the changes without at least some Democrat support.John McCain statement in full explaining, why he killed Donald Trump s skinn  healthcare repeal bill From the beginning, I have believed that Obamacare should be repealed, and replaced with a solution that increases competition, lowers costs and improves care for the American people. The so-called skinny repeal amendment the Senate voted on today, would not accomplish those goals. While the amendment would have repealed some of Obamacare s most burdensome regulations, it offered no replacement to actually reform our health care system and deliver affordable, quality health care to our citizens. The Speaker s statement that, the House would be willing to go to conference does not ease my concern, that this shell of a bill could be taken up and passed at any time. I ve stated time and time again that one of the major failures of Obamacare was that, it was rammed through Congress by Democrats, on a strict-party line basis without a single Republican vote. We should not make the mistakes of the past, that has led to Obamacare s collapse, including in my home state of Arizona where premiums are skyrocketing, and health care providers are fleeing the marketplace.  We must now return to the correct way of legislating, and send the bill back to committee, hold hearings, receive input from both sides of aisle, heed the recommendations of nation s governors, and produce a bill that finally delivers affordable health care for the American people. We must do the hard work our citizens expect of us and deserve. The defeat of the healthcare reforms dealt a serious blow to Donald Trump s reform agenda. Senate Republicans made clear that, unable to even pass the skinny version of their repeal bill, any kind of healthcare reform might prove impossible. This is clearly a disappointing moment, said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky.  I regret that our efforts were not enough, this time. It s time to move on,  he said. Mr McConnell put the health bill on hold and announced that, the Senate would move onto other legislation next week.Mr Trump responded on Twitter:  3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let Obama Care implode, then deal. Watch! ",0
10292,LT COL TONY SHAFFER: Muslim DNC IT Staffers Sent Sensitive Info to Muslim Brotherhood [VIDEO],"Lt. Col. Tony Shaffer opened a can of worms tonight when he said that the Awan brothers sent sensitive intel to the Muslim Brotherhood As if this case couldn t get more bizarre!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UlqiLJVM-soOUR PREVIOUS UPDATE ON THIS BIZARRE CASE: Dem Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz Pakistani IT staffer Imran Awan was arrested at Dulles airport while trying to flee the United States. Get the back story from Maria Bartiromo:  How is it possible that 3 brothers are hired, Muslim brothers just saying, to work in Congress and deal with our most intelligent and sensitive information, number one? They were all making $160,000! Why were they paid so much? 22 years old one of the guys, the other was 25. They re making $160,000, $161,000 and $165,000. And one of them has a criminal background! If you haven t been following this crazy series of events, we ve got a previous report below to fill you in. Basically, Imran Awan and three Muslim relatives were hired to handle IT for the DNC which gave them access to lots of sensitive information NOT GOOD! The Daily Caller just exclusively reported that Awan attempted to destroy hard drives then desperately tried to retrieve them when they were discovered.GETTING THOSE DESTROYED HARD RIVES BACK:Pakistani-born Imran Awan, long-time right-hand IT aide to the former Democratic National Committee (DNC) Chairwoman, has since desperately tried to get the hard drives back, the individual told The Daily Caller News Foundation s Investigative Group.A high-level congressional source, speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the probe, confirmed that the FBI has joined what Politico previously described as a Capitol Police criminal probe into  serious, potentially illegal, violations on the House IT network  by Imran and three of his relatives, who had access to the emails and files of the more than two dozen House Democrats who employed them on a part-time basis.Capitol Police have also seized computer equipment tied to the Florida lawmaker.Awan s younger brothers, Abid and Jamal, his wife, Hina Alvi, and Rao Abbas, Imran s best friend, are also under investigation. There have been no arrests in the case.THIS CASE IS HUGE! MARIA BARTIROMO IS LIVID ABOUT IT:A Pakistani family under criminal investigation by the U.S. Capitol Police (see our previous report below) for abusing their access to the House of Representatives information technology (IT) system may have engaged in myriad other questionable schemes besides allegedly placing  ghost employees  on the congressional payroll.Imran Awan, his wife Hina, and brothers Abid and Jamal collectively netted more than $4 million in salary as IT administrators for House Democrats between 2009 and 2017. Yet the absence of signs of wealth displayed among them raise questions such as was the money sent overseas or did something other than paychecks motivate their actions?Capitol Police revoked the Awans  access to the congressional IT system in February 2017 after a major data breach was detected. Their access had allowed them to read emails and files of dozens of members, including many serving on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the House Committee on Foreign Affairs.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THIS   THE MAIN STREAM MEDIA IS IGNORING THE CRIMINALITY OF THESE BROTHERS:3 MUSLIM BROTHERS Working For Dems In Congress CAUGHT Accessing Unauthorized Top-Secret Government Intel One Has Criminal Background May Have Ties To Muslim Brotherhood [VIDEO]3 Congressional IT employees have been fired for accessing members computer networks without permission. Maria s on the show, knows more about this. Can you fill me in a bit.Here are their names Stuart. let me tell you what the 3 people that were fired on Thursday: Abid, Imran and Jamal Awan. They were barred from computer networks at the House of Representatives on Thursday because they accessed Congressmen and Congress people s computer networks unauthorized. At a minimum they were fired. At a minimum we know that they accessed computers unauthorized and they did so in foreign intelligence, foreign affairs and intelligence committees.  Okay? So they were getting very important information, government information. They accessed these computers. That is the least of it. There s also some talk that people are looking into what ties they have into terrorism. Are they impacted by the Muslim Brotherhood? Are they a part of the Muslim Brotherhood? One of them has a criminal background!How is it possible that 3 brothers are hired, Muslim brothers just saying, to work in Congress and deal with our most intelligent and sensitive information, number one? They were all making $160,000! Why were they paid so much? 22 years old one of the guys, the other was 25. They re making $160,000, $161,000 and $165,000. And one of them has a criminal background! I hear what you re saying, I mean, these intelligence committees handle our terror strategies right? They got in on Benghazi by the way.Yes, and they also worked for many Democrats in the House. They are thinking that they may be also one of the reasons Debbie Wasserman Schultz got hacked. There s so much more to come on this Stuart, it s an incredible story. I think it s amazing!Chiefs of staff for dozens of Democratic lawmakers who employed the four were informed last week that a criminal probe was underway into their use of congressional information technology systems, including the existence of an external server to which House data was being funneled, and into the theft of and overbilling for computer equipment.Their salaries and time were shared among dozens of Democratic members, including former Democratic National Committee Chairman Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida.Chiefs of staff for dozens of Democratic lawmakers who employed the four were informed last week that a criminal probe was underway into their use of congressional information technology systems, including the existence of an external server to which House data was being funneled, and into the theft of and overbilling for computer equipment.Despite the generous salaries, the four were involved in multiple suspicious mortgage transfers and a debt-evading bankruptcy. Abid had more than $1 million in debts following a failed business called Cars International that he ran in Falls Church, Va., from November 2009 to September 2010. Business associates said in court documents that Abid had stolen money and vehicles from them.It s unclear how Abid found time to run an automotive business while working full-time for Congress. He had been on the congressional payroll since 2005. A congressional credit union repossessed two of his personal cars before the business folded.Abid filed for bankruptcy in 2012, but somehow managed to keep ownership of two houses while telling the bankruptcy court and creditors that he had no assets with which to pay them. He signed a sworn statement that he and his wife, Natalia Soba, were living apart and needed separate residences. My spouse and I are legally separated under applicable non-bankruptcy law or my spouse and I are living apart other than for the purpose of evading the requirements of   707(b)(2)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code,  Abid claimed in bankruptcy documents. But both houses had been in the family for years.Abid s record includes numerous driving- and alcohol-related legal problems, including driving with a suspended or revoked license, court records show. He was found guilty of drunk driving a month before he started at the House, and was arrested for public intoxication a month after his first day.A spokesman for Rep. Joaquin Castro of Texas told TheDCNF Friday that Jamal s  employment with our office has been terminated. Hilarie Chambers, a spokeswoman for Rep. Sandy Levin   who employed Abid   told TheDCNF that  after being notified by the House Administration Committee, this individual was removed from our payroll. We are confident that everything in our office is secure. Not every Democrat is willing to terminate their connection with these four:Some Democrats have not terminated their connection with the four, including Wasserman Schultz, who employs Imran and who resigned from her DNC post last year after a computer hack revealed embarassing emails. Derrick Robinson, spokesman for California Rep. Karen Bass, refused to comment on Alvi s employment status.For entire story: Daily Caller",0
10293,MEDALS OF VALOR: President Trump Honored Agents and Officers Who Took Down Gunman at GOP Baseball Practice Shooting [Video],"It s great to have a president who appreciates our special agents and police officers! Trump honored the police officers and special agents who took down the lunatic who shot Steve Scalise last month during a baseball practice for a charity game:Remember the horrible day that the lunatic opened fire trying to kill Republicans?Here s our report on the shooting:Rep. Steve Scalise was shot Wednesday morning in Alexandria, Virginia, in a  deliberate attack.  A congressional staffer was also shot. Scalise is in surgery right now and is expected to recover.Rand Paul said Scalise being there likely saved everyone because his presence meant Capitol Police were there.Scalise, a member of the House Republican leadership as the majority whip, appeared to have been shot in the hip and it appeared two Capitol Hill police agents were shot, according to Rep. Mo Brooks who was on deck when the shooting occurred. The shooting took place at a practice for the GOP congressional baseball team.NBC News Special Report: Congressman Scalise, aides shot at baseball practice in Virginia https://t.co/KD9i1iP9MZ  Jason Calabretta (@JasonCalabretta) June 14, 2017In a statement, Texas Rep. Roger Williams, one of the team s coaches, said one of his staff members was shot during the incident and is receiving medical attention. There was no information on the staffer s injuries.According to both congressional and law enforcement sources, the shooting appears to be a  deliberate attack. Two law enforcement sources say the suspect  is in police custody, has been taken to a hospital.Lawmakers who spoke at the scene to reporters described a normal morning practice, at a field where they ve practiced for years, when all of a sudden shots rang out. Lawmakers, staff members and even the young son of one of the members ran for cover, jumping into dugouts and over fences to avoid the gunshots.Congressmen in attendance described  an injured Scalise dragging himself roughly 15 yards away from second base and lying there until the shooter was shot. The Congressmen then ran to help him. Once they were able, Sen. Jeff Flake said he and Rep. Brad Wenstrup, who is a physician, went out to where Scalise was lying to apply pressure to the wound. Nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill police. It would have been a massacre without them.  -Rand Paul  We had nothing but baseball bats to fight back against a rifle with.    Congressman Mo BrooksArizona Sen. Jeff Flake added that he saw a member of Scalise s security detail return fire on the gunman for what felt like 10 minutes, even though the police officer was wounded in the leg.  50 shots would be an understatement, I m quite sure,  Flake said when asked about the total amount of gunfire, including police returning fire. Flake said two members of Scalise s security detail were wounded, and another man was wounded in the chest. Brooks said the shooter appeared to be a white male but added that  I saw him for a second or two.  He said the shooter was behind the third base dugout and didn t say anything.  The gun was a semiautomatic,  Brooks said, adding that he was sure it was a rifle but unsure what kind.  It continued to fire at different people. You can imagine, all the people on the field scatter. It s come to this How will we bring America together if the Democrats keep fanning the flames of division?Read More: FOX News",0
10294,BUILD THE WALL! House Voted on Funding Trump’s Wall in Partisan Vote,"Yes, this will happen! America needs a wall at our southern border and the House just passed a spending measure that funds a portion of Trump s wall!The House passed a spending measure Thursday that includes funding for a portion of President Donald Trump s border wall with a vote largely along party lines.The funding was included as a part of a  minibus,  which packaged together four appropriations bills aimed at funding the Department of Defense, the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Department of Energy, water projects and the legislative branch. The lower chamber opted to group the  must-pass  appropriations measures together due to leadership s lack of votes to pass an all-encompassing omnibus.Building the structure has been a top priority for the president, who placed a strong emphasis on the proposal during the course of the campaign.Democrats have met the border wall proposal with strong opposition, feeling that the project will be expensive and ineffective.Read more: Daily Caller",0
10295,TRAITOR: GOP Senator Lindsey Graham TRASHES and THREATENS President Trump…Tells Voters He Won’t Back Down On AMNESTY PUSH,"Senator Lindsey Graham made a bold announcement the other day when he told his constituents in South Carolina that if they were against amnesty for illegals and outsourcing, to vote him out. Most Republicans outside of the state of South Carolina have been scratching their heads for years over the popularity of the pro-climate change, war-hawk and pro-amnesty Senator Graham in his home state. It seems like this might be the perfect time for voters in South Carolina to replace the liberal senator who is clearly a traitor to the president and to the Republican Party.Watch Senator Lindsey Graham tell his allies at CNN that President Trump is  weak for  publicly addressing his concerns about his AG Jeff Sessions:Sen. Lindsey Graham says President Trump is demonstrating ""weakness"" through his attacks on AG Jeff Sessions https://t.co/a92rbGyWC1  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) July 26, 2017Watch Senator Graham, as he threatens President Trump during an interview with NBC over the possibility that he may fire or  go after  the DOJ s special counsel Robert Mueller, who was hired by  the deputy attorney general, Rod J. Rosenstein to investigate possible ties to Russia and the Trump campaign.WATCH: ""Any effort to go after Mueller could be the beginning of the end of the Trump presidency,"" says Sen. Lindsey Graham. pic.twitter.com/x2scZCKUIo  NBC News (@NBCNews) July 27, 2017Senator Graham has been jealous of Donald Trump since the primaries where Graham got shellacked by Donald Trump. Watch his embarrassing appearance on the Daily Show with Trevor Graham during the primary elections, as he accuses Donald Trump, as well as his own party of being  racists  and  xenophobes .Go to the 3:47 mark to watch Lindsey Graham ask Noah Trevor of The Daily Show if he s a  citizen  or if he has a  green card  to which Trevor replies,  no . Graham then proceeds to tell Noah Trevor that  If I were you, I d be in a hurry. If Trump wins, your days are numbered pal. Young, black, liberal guys from Africa is not gonna work with him. Watch Graham tell his constituents he ll be supporting amnesty whether they agree with him or not. He actually urges South Carolina citizens to vote against him if they disagree with him. He talks about illegal aliens  kids  like their all sweet young children looking for a better life. Someone should tell him about MS-13 the most dangerous international gang in the world that is growing in numbers as Obama opened the flood gates for them to come in while he was president:Watch pro-man made climate change Lindsey Graham attempt to shame President Trump prior to his decision to pull out of the Paris Climate deal:Last but not least, and or anyone who may have forgotten, RINO Lindsey Graham also warned Republicans to back off their attacks on Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, as Graham warned Republicans risk getting  Burned  on Benghazi issue. ",0
10296,MUSLIM TEENS ATTACK CROWD for Being White “Non Muslims”: “Why aren’t you a Muslim?”,"The trend of young Muslim men targeting and attacking white non-Muslims continues world wide. A group of three Muslim men attacked strangers at the Liverpool city center because they were white  non-Muslims.  One witness feared the men were ISIS terrorists because they were using  racist language, talking about Muslims and Christians. A very similar occurrence took place in one of Minneapolis  more upscale neighborhoods last year when a mob of up to 30 young Somali men marched through the streets yelling disparaging comments and threatening homeowners:Somalis living in Minneapolis are almost all Sunni Muslims. Residents of the Lake Calhoun area say this wasn t the first time a group of Somali men have made an intimidating march through their neighborhood, which is filled with million-dollar homes.They first approached victim Gary Bohanna inquiring what religion he was affiliated with. When Bohanna answered I m a Christian,  the attacker shouted  Why aren t you a Muslim?  before punching him twice. The three men then approached Paul Lynch, Labour councillor for Moss Bank, and his girlfriend. One of the men punched Mr. Lynch with a  sickening blow  that could be  seen and heard.  He did not utter any racist comments, but the attackers laughed as the victim fell. Both men were taken to the hospital for their injuries.Witness Edris Nosrati called police but one of the men tried to flee, so the witness chased and caught him. The teenager struck Mr. Nosrati, but the hero held on. When questioned by police, one of the men claimed he was too intoxicated to remember anything. Another denied the assaults and suggested they had been racially abused by other men. However, he later confessed to  targeting people because they were white and non-Muslim. The Counter Terrorism Unit became involved in the investigation and the mens  family homes were turned upside down by the police. Amin Mohmed cried in court as he was jailed for 42 weeks. Mohammed and Faruq Patel received 42 and 18 weeks respectively in a young offenders institution.Read more: The Echo ",0
10297,IRONY! COLLEGE “ANTI-CAPITALIST” GROUP DISBANDS Because Members Were too Rich and White,"You just can t make this stuff up! does anyone else see the HUGE irony in this?A Marxist student group at Swarthmore College disbanded itself earlier this year after realizing that its members were too rich and too white to be real commies.According to screenshots confidentially provided to Campus Reform by an individual with access to the group s private Facebook page, the demise of the Swarthmore Anti-Capitalist Collective (SACC) came in the wake of a farewell letter from a member who had decided the group could never be an effective proponent of  unproblematized anticapitalist politics  due to its  history of abuse, racism, and even classism. From my understanding SACC disbanded because they realized the makeup and tactics of their group was at odds with their espoused principles,  Swarthmore Conservative Society President Gilbert Guerra told Campus Reform.  Their main support base was middle-upper class white kids who enjoy jogging. The farewell letter corroborates Guerra s understanding, asserting that  SACC s fundamental failure  was that  at its formation, it was made up of entirely white, with the exception of one person of color*, students,  and to make matters worse,  not one of [the founding members] are from low-income and/or working class backgrounds. Arguing that  low-income people of color should never be an afterthought in a group whose politics supposedly focus on their liberation,  the author then went on to accuse SACC of having a  history of abuse, racism, and even classism that was never adequately addressed or recognized despite constantly being brought up as an issue. Via: CR ",0
10298,CHELSEA CLINTON CRITICIZES President Trump Over Policy On Transgenders In Military…Forgot Whose Policy BANNED Openly Gay Soldiers From Serving In Our Military,"The unaccomplished Chelsea Clinton, wife of unemployed and perpetually vacationing husband Marc Mezvinsky, and daughter of America s most famous grifters, Bill and Hillary Clinton, took to Twitter to criticize President Trump s ban on transgenders in the military. It s worth noting that the woman whose wedding was paid for by the  charitable  Clinton Foundation, has assumed a new role, as the self-assigned new Democrat leader. There s only one problem with Chelsea s criticism she neglected to mention her father s ban on any military member who dared to be honest about being gay.Apparently in a hypocritical liberal s world, it s okay to ban openly gay military members, but it s hateful and a violation of human rights to ban openly transexual members of our military. Who better to make a policy that forces thousands of troops to keep secrets about their sexual lifestyle than the impeached former President Bill Clinton right Chelsea?Yesterday, the Washington Post tweeted about the hit piece they did on Trump s transgender ban:Analysis: Trump s stance on LGBT rights has always been confusing https://t.co/tNaSKJ082u  Washington Post (@washingtonpost) July 26, 2017Chelsea replied:No. President Trump has consistently failed to support LGBT equal rights, dignity & safety in the U.S. & around world (e.g. Chechnya/Russia) https://t.co/nXY5uYjz4S  Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) July 26, 2017Don t Ask, Don t Tell (DADT), byname for the former official U.S. policy (1993 2011) regarding the service of homosexuals in the military. The term was coined after Pres. Bill Clinton in 1993 signed a law (consisting of statute, regulations, and policy memoranda) directing that military personnel  don t ask, don t tell, don t pursue, and don t harass.  When it went into effect on October 1, 1993, the policy theoretically lifted a ban on homosexual service that had been instituted during World War II, though in effect it continued a statutory ban. ",0
10299,T-REX SMOKES THE LEFTY MEDIA After Rude Questions On Trump: ”How’s your relationship with the President right now?” [Video],"It s no secret that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is a tell-it-like-it is kind of guy. So when he was bombarded with rude questions ( Are you committed to staying in your position as Secretary of State?   How long will you stay for?   How s your relationship with the President right now?) from the press during a welcome with the Qatari Foreign Minister, he resounded in true T-Rex style:TRANSCRIPT OF THE EXCHANGE BETWEEN THE PRESS AND TILLERSON:SECRETARY TILLERSON: His Excellency, welcome. FOREIGN MINISTER AL-THANI: Thank you very much.SECRETARY TILLERSON: Great to see you again at the State Department.FOREIGN MINISTER AL-THANI: Thank you for receiving us. Thank you and great to be here.SECRETARY TILLERSON: Thank you.QUESTION: Secretary Tillerson, have you committed to staying in your position as Secretary of State?SECRETARY TILLERSON: I m not going anywhere.QUESTION: How long will you stay for?SECRETARY TILLERSON: As long as the President lets me.QUESTION: How s your relationship with the President right now?SECRETARY TILLERSON: It s good.WE LOVE THIS GUY!!!",0
10300,DEMOCRAT SENATOR Claims Repeal Of Obamacare Based Only on ‘Hatred of Barack Obama’ [Video],"Democratic Sen. Chris Murphy (Conn.) said Wednesday on MSNBC s  Morning Joe  that Republican efforts to repeal Obamacare are based on the GOP s  hatred of Barack Obama. MSNBC contributor Eddie Glaude asked Murphy what he believes the  animating commitment  behind the GOP health care bill is and what it would take for him to work in a bipartisan way with Republicans to fix the country s health care system. At this point, I think it s clear the animating commitment is a hatred of Barack Obama,  Murphy said.  The policy has been pushed to the wayside here. They don t seem tremendously interested in actually crafting something that insures more people or reduces rates. They just want to fulfill this commitment that they made to repeal Obamacare. Murphy went on to say that he has made it very clear he wants to compromise with Republicans on health care. They want, as far as I can tell, flexibility of benefit design. They want something that has some cheaper premiums, less regulations in these exchanges. I m willing to talk to them about that,  Murphy said.  I m willing to give them some flexibility of benefit design if they re willing to give us some security on these exchanges that Donald Trump won t unwind them. ",0
10301,HOLLYWOOD LIBS HAVE EPIC MELT DOWNS…Threaten President Trump Over His Transgender Military Policy,"Hollywood stars took to social media Wednesday to express outrage over President Donald Trump s announcement that transgender people will not be allowed to serve in the U.S. military, reversing former President Obama s decision last year allowing them to do so. After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military,  President Trump tweeted Wednesday morning.  Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical cost and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you. After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 .Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 .victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017The news spurred some stars to viciously attack the president, with some calling Trump a cruel bigot. -For entire story: BreitbartStar Trek actor and gay activist George Takei sent what appeared to be a threat to Trump, warning that he  just pissed off the wrong community  and said the president  will regret  this action.Donald: With your ban on trans people from the military, you are on notice that you just pissed off the wrong community. You will regret it.  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) July 26, 2017Takei also tweeted:  History shall record that you are not only the stupidest, most incompetent president ever, but also the cruelest and pettiest. #Shame.  The actor also issued a call to action:Invidious discrimination against any group must be opposed by all. Straight/Cis allies: Will you stand with LGBTs?#TransRightsAreHumanRights  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) July 26, 2017Not funny actor/comedian Seth Rogan went after President Trump s daughter Ivanka on Twitter because, of course. Remember when Americans blamed Chelsea for Benghazi or for her the victims of her serial rapist father?Loudmouth actor, filmmaker and producer Rob Reiner, aka  Meathead  fired off another one in a series hateful tweets to President Trump since he took office:Not allowing transgender people to serve in military,DT again shows astounding ignorance & bigotry. Simply put:DT is a hateful human being.  Rob Reiner (@robreiner) July 26, 2017Leftist actress and vocal Trump hater Debra Messing came up with a very clever little saying. She was clearly hoping to make her hashtag trend. It didn t #MakingAmericaDiscriminateAgain https://t.co/TX6HuIuHwD  Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) July 26, 2017Lena Dunham, the not funny  comedian  who admitted to sexually abusing her younger sister tweets words of comfort to transgenders following the announcement of President Trump s new transgender policy. Who better to speak out on behalf of transgenders than a pedophile, Hillary-loving Hollywood lib?Hey trans teens: this man does not represent the overwhelming love, support and pride waiting for you when you step out into the world.  Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) July 26, 2017",0
10302,"AFTER MONTHS OF TRASHING OUR PRESIDENT, Senator McCain Explains How To Fix Rancor In DC : “Stop listening to the bombastic loudmouths on the radio, television and the internet…To hell with them”","Conservative talk radio, tv and websites are no friends of RINO Senator John McCain, and he knows it. McCain used his moment he was given to shine on the Senate floor after being diagnosed with brain  cancer, to excoriate conservatives who speak out against him on talk radio, TV and the internet. For years, conservatives on social media have declared  open season  on RINO s (Republicans In Name Only) in DC. like Senator s John McCain (R-AZ) and his close ally Lindsey Graham (R-SC). In June 2015, candidate Hillary Clinton used her good working relationships with McCain and Graham as examples of how she can reach out across the aisle.McCain has been a thorn in the side of President Trump and has been openly antagonistic towards him since it became apparent Trump would be the Republican candidate for president. Only one day after his surgery and diagnosis with brain cancer, Senator John McCain just couldn t help himself. While millions of Americans were praying for his recovery, McCain took to Twitter to admonish President Trump over his decision to end a failed program that was supposed to train, fund and arm Syrians to fight Assad and ISIS.Tuesday on the Senate floor, Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) gave a speech upon returning from Arizona after having an emergency craniotomy to remove a blood clot and a subsequent diagnosis of cancer.McCain cast the deciding vote to begin the health care debate and chided both sides for not being bipartisan over the last several years, saying,  I voted for the motion to proceed to allow debate to continue and amendments to be offered. I will not vote for this bill as it is today. McCain said,  I hope we can again rely on humility, on our need to cooperate, on our dependence on each other, to learn how to trust each other again, and by so doing, better serve the people who elected us. Stop listening to the bombastic loudmouths on the radio, television and the internet. To hell with them. They don t want anything done for the public good. Our incapacity is their livelihood. Here s how conservative radio and tv host Mark Levin reacted to McCain s comments:Oh my. I'm hurt to the core.   https://t.co/jfnssmz9RJ  Mark R. Levin (@marklevinshow) July 26, 2017McCain went on to encourage his fellow Senators to get behind him and help find a way to fix the disastrous Obamacare,  Our health care insurance system is a mess. We all know it. Those who support Obamacare and those who oppose it. Something has to be done. He added,  We Republicans have looked for a way to end it and replace it with something else without paying a terrible political price. We haven t found it yet. And I m not sure we will. All we have managed to do is make more popular a policy that wasn t very popular when we started trying to get rid of it. I voted for the motion to proceed to allow debate to continue and amendments to be offered. I will not vote for this bill as it is today. It s a shell of a bill right now, we all know that. I have changes urged by my state s governor that will need to be made before I support any bill. I know the bill has to change substantially before you will support it.    Breitbart ",0
10303,NANCY PELOSI Connected to DNC Staffer Charged With Bank Fraud After Trying to Flee the US,"The shocking revelations just keep on coming in this DNC IT case. The main stream media refuses to jump in on this hot story because it leads to damaging information against the Democrats. Several Muslim Brotherhood connected people worked for the DNC and had access to the sensitive information from Congress:It appears the IT staffer had access to Rep. Pelosi s iPad:Wikileaks has released the email below where it looks like Imran has access to Nancy Pelosi s iPad! Pelosi is doing closed door meeting. No staff or anyone allowed. Kaitlyn come to Rayburn room and get her iPad for Imran. Thanks.Tracie and Kate I will call Kate. Conf in TracieRosalyn Kumar Rep. Wasserman SchultzThe bottom line in this case is that red flags were everywhere so why hasn t anyone blown this case wide open?Some things stand out that should be looked at:Awan smashed his hard drives in an effort to destroy them.Awan and his relatives were paid large amounts of money ($4 million) over a decade but they declared bankruptcy in 2012.Awan and his brothers are connected to the Muslim BrotherhoodDebbie Wasserman Schultz threatened the Capitol Police  by saying there would be  consequences  if they didn t give a computer back that was being kept as part of the investigation:Fraud Charge: Awan is accused of attempting to defraud the Congressional Federal Credit Union by obtaining a $165,000 home equity loan for a rental property, which is against the credit union s policies since it is not the owner s primary residence. Those funds were then included as part of a wire transfer to two individuals in Faisalabad, Pakistan.Awan s family had already fled the country with no intention of coming back: Awan was arrested at Dulles Airport on Monday evening before boarding a flight to Lahore, Pakistan. His wife, Hina Alvi, has already left the country for Pakistan along with their children. Federal agents do not believe Alvi has any intention of returning to the U.S., according to a court document. ",0
10304,BREAKING: DNC HACKER FIRED For Bank Fraud…Blames Islamophobia and “Ultra Right-Wing Media”,"Apparently breaking the law and scamming the government is excusable if you can conveniently blame discrimination. And when the media is ignoring your illegal activity, who s stopping you from getting away with anything? After being detained for bank fraud charges on Monday, Imran Awan s attorney recently released a statement blaming islamophobia and the  ultra right-wing media :This Pakistani family was under criminal investigation by the U.S. Capitol Police for abusing their access to the House of Representatives information technology (IT) system. Abid, Imran and Jamal Awan accessed Congressmen and Congress people s computer networks unauthorized and engaged in a myriad of other questionable schemes besides allegedly placing  ghost employees  on the congressional payroll.Capitol Police revoked the Awans  access to the congressional IT system in February 2017 after a major data breach was detected. Their access had allowed them to read emails and files of dozens of members, including many serving on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the House Committee on Foreign Affairs.Imran Awan, his wife Hina, and brothers Abid and Jamal collectively netted more than $4 million in salary as IT administrators for House Democrats between 2009 and 2017. Yet the absence of signs of wealth displayed among them raise questions. Was the money sent overseas or did something other than paychecks motivate their actions? Both Imran and his wife were traveling to Pakistan earlier this week carrying $12,000. However, Imran was arrested before he could board the plane.Today, Awan s attorney released a statement claiming the attacks on Mr. Awan and his family began as part of a frenzy of anti-Muslim bigotry in the literal heart of our democracy, the House of Representatives.  He goes on by saying that they have had utterly unsupported, outlandish, and slanderous statements targeting Mr. Awan coming not just from the ultra-right-wing  pizzagate  media but from sitting members of Congress.  The attorney claims the couple were traveling to see their family for the first time in months after being  abruptly and unjustly fired. Read more: The Gateway Pundit",0
10305,PRIVACY ALERT: YOUR VACUUM CLEANER IS SPYING ON YOU…No Consent Required to Share Your Data,"A fly on the wall? More like a spy on the floor of your home. It turns out that your dog isn t the only one who should be weary of your Roomba. This popular home cleaning device has been mapping homes using a camera and sensors since 2015 in order to maximize efficiency. However, they plan to sell this data to smart home device manufacturers such as Google, Amazon and Apple, the company said Tuesday.While it may seem like the information being gathered is minimal and harmless, there is a lot to be said for the maps each device is collecting. It knows the floor plan of your home, the basic shape of everything on your floor, what areas require the most maintenance, and how often you require cleaning cycles, along with many other data points.If this doesn t make you suspicious, it probably should. This is all part of the larger mission for major companies to glean every bit of data about you that they can. Now, they want to know all about your living space. iRobot CEO Colin Angle stated that user data won t be sold without permission and he thinks most people will want to take advantage of the greater functionality.In actuality, their terms of agreement allow the company enough freedom to share your data internally, with subsidiaries, third party vendors, and the government upon request. A section within their terms of agreement specifically states that they may  share your personal information with other parties in connection with any company transaction, such as a merger, sale of all or a portion of company assets or shares In summary, they do not need your consent if iRobot wanted to sell its user data in bulk. Unless you want the details about your home and family in the hands of third parties without your knowledge, think twice next time you are shopping for a new cleaning device.Read more: New York Post, Gizmodo",0
10306,LOL! THE BOSTON GLOBE Gets DESTROYED On Social Media After Publishing Article Criticizing Mitt Romney For Waterskiing During Health Care Vote,"More manufactured news that exposes the hate our leftist media has for Republicans Even for those who haven t been in office in years.The Boston Globe set heads scratching Tuesday after the newspaper published a story on former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney s whereabouts during the Senate health care vote.The former Massachusetts governor is now a private citizen removed from the debate to repeal and replace Obamacare. But the Globe wrote a story highlighting Romney s daughter-in-law s Instagram post showing he was jetskiing at the time. While the Senate debated health care, Mitt Romney was waterskiing,  read the original headline, which was later updated to read,  Romney, long out of the political fray, takes to the water. It s been a contentious week in Washington,  the Globe wrote.  One Republican who appears to be unbothered by all the political tumult? That would be Mitt Romney. The piece, which appeared to criticized Romney for ignoring a debate that had nothing to do with him, earned Internet scorn.  WFBAfter The Boston Globe got destroyed on social media, they changed their headline to this: Romney, long out of the political fray, takes to the water Guys.I found it. The dumbest story of all time. https://t.co/Y21anJWocP  Peter J. Hasson (@peterjhasson) July 26, 2017uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh what was he supposed to be doing?  I   my dead gay son (@bennnnnnewsome) July 26, 2017Twitter user @hale_razor likened The Boston Globe s idiotic question to asking where Bill Belicheck was during the vote?And Belichick was watching game film. What's your point.  Razor (@hale_razor) July 26, 2017Twitter user @bennnnnnnewsome asked what Romney was supposed to be doing during the health care vote. He also reminded The Boston Globe that Mitt Romney is not part of the US Senate with his second tweet:like, he doesn't work there, right?  I   my dead gay son (@bennnnnnewsome) July 26, 2017This Twitter user @OlegZeltser referred to The Boston Globe as a  fish rag  or a wrapper for dead fish, and reminded them of their hypocrisy for ignoring Obama s never-ending vacations while he was actually serving as our president:https://twitter.com/OlegZeltser/status/890194766859821056For anyone who doesn t know, the Romney family grew up spending their summers on the water in Canada. Mitt Romney is actually a pretty darn good water-skier. Here s a video of Romney slalom-skiing when he was governor of Massachusetts:",0
10307,AWESOME! WHAT HAPPENED After City Council Member Said Trump Supporters ‘Have No Business’ in Charlotte Government Will Make Your Day!,"You would think Charlotte is lost to the liberals There are lefty Democrats living there who don t understand that they don t get to decide who is involved in local government THE VOTERS DO! Dimple Ajmera decided to characterize President Trump as divisive but it s ironic that SHE is the one who s dividing people. After her nasty remarks about Trump, the Trump supporters filled the next City Council meeting in protest. Awesome! Charlotte City Council member Dimple Ajmera drew the ire of the local Republican Party after she said that Republicans who support Trump should not be involved in local government:DANGEROUS RHETORIC: Republicans that are supporting Trump, they should have no place on city council whatsoever or in the mayor s race,  Ajmera said on the news show Flashpoint on WCNC, which aired Sunday.Ajmera, a Democrat, was appointed to the council in January to replace John Autry, who left council to join the N.C. General Assembly. Ajmera is running for one of four at-large seats this fall.Ajmera stood by her comments Tuesday. Charlotte rejected Trump in the 2016 elections,  she said.  So people are upset by what he represents. He values divisiveness. We can t let that divide us as we tackle important issues like economic mobility and as we address the issues of last September. Half of those attending Monday s City Council meeting carried  Trump-Pence  signs, and waved small American flags.The two sides re-fought the 2016 presidential election after City Council member Dimple Ajmera said on a television show last week that Trump voters shouldn t be on City Council or in the mayor s race   controversial comments that she has backed repeatedly.Her campaign manager, Dan McCorkle, attended the meeting, waving his own pro-Ajmera signs. McCorkle told Trump supporters that Hillary Clinton received more than 70 percent of the vote in the city of Charlotte.LIBERAL BUZZWORDS WE VE COME TO EXPECT:Sebastian Feculak spoke at the council s public forum. I wanted to applaud Dimple for standing up for equity and unity,  he said.  You are welcome here no matter what. Our politics are not for xenophopia, racism or sexism. If the Republican Party won t hold them accountable, I m glad our leaders will. VIA: CHARLOTTE OBSERVER ",0
10308,TRUMP’S NEW COMM DIRECTOR Puts CNN’s Chris Cuomo On Notice…Days Of Republicans Being Bullied By Leftist Media Are Over [VIDEO],"Remember when the media used to think they controlled the narrative? That was before President Trump, and his badass communications staff decided this administration wasn t going to be conducting business as usual. The days of the media bullying Republicans into submission are coming to an end. And for that monumental achievement, we can all thank the very courageous and determined President Trump Scaramucci promised the heads of White House leakers would roll. He clearly wasn t kidding It was announced yesterday, that suspected leaker Michael Short had been terminated from the White House communications office.Short, an ally of White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and now former Press Secretary Sean Spicer who resigned last week was terminated on Tuesday by new White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci.This morning, White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci told Chris Cuomo that  I m straightly not answering your question  when the CNN host asked about the resignation Tuesday of senior assistant press secretary Michael Short. Watch:Scaramucci said that someone above his rank wanted Short out of his White House position. When Cuomo asked Scaramucci who above his rank told him to fire the aide, Scaramucci said that he would not answer the question. I didn t answer the question, Chris,  Scaramucci said.  See, I m getting so subtle and surgical in terms of the way I talk to you guys. A clearly frustrated Chris Cuomo responded,  You re as subtle as a heart attack. Did the president tell you,  Get rid of this guy, he s one of the leakers?'  Cuomo asked. I m not going to answer that question because I just said I wasn t going to answer it,  Scaramucci said. Yeah, I know, but what happened to being straight?  Cuomo asked in reference to Scaramucci saying he would tell it to him straight earlier in the interview. I m straightly, straightly not answering your question,  Scaramucci said.For entire story  WFB",0
10309,WILLIAM SHATNER Blasts ‘Social Justice Warriors’ Who Criticize Trump,"William Shatner is such a smarty pants on twitter. He gets his snarky point across with few words.Shatner has been the subject of left-wing anger since he announced in May that he would not follow the lead of many in Hollywood and attack President Donald Trump.Shatner, a Canadian, said,  I consider myself a guest here,  when asked to comment on former Star Trek cast member George Takei s constant criticisms of the President.On Twitter Wednesday morning, the Captain Kirk actor was asked his plans for the day. He responded by saying,  Tweet Hello. Have SJWs get offended by figuring some obtuse way to define it. Spend my day telling them off. You know, just a typical day. A Twitter user joked that the term  social justice warrior  was offensive, to which Shatner responded,  when are SJW s social? When they are sleeping? Fellow actor Adam Baldwin asked Shatner if social justice warriors  ever explain the difference between their  social justice  and Justice? Shatner repled:The tweets go on with one person on the left saying that progressives gave shatter his career back Shatner simply replied,  How so? LOL!Read more: Daily Caller ",0
10310,BREAKING NEWS: President Trump Announces Major Policy Shift on Transgender People in the US Military,"President Trump just tweeted out a new policy in the US military that was made after consultation with military experts and Generals:Trump made the announcement, which would represent a major shift in military policy, on Twitter. He said he had made the decision after consulting with  my generals and military experts. After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military,  Trump tweeted. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you ",0
10311,"FORMER DEMOCRAT WHO VOTED FOR TRUMP RIPS DEMOCRATS: ‘They’ve done nothing for us, nothing but promise.’ [Video]","After a Fox Business interview earlier in the day (see below), Gino DeFabio was asked to speak at the Ohio Rally by President Trump. Speaking from the heart, Gino explained how he knew he had to support Trump in 2016:Gino s interview on Fox Business caught the eye of President Trump:DiFabio was interviewed by Fox s David Asman who immediately pointed out DeFabio s t-shirt: By the way, your t-shirt  we can just see the first part. It says  Trump won.  What s the second part? DeFabio proudly said,  Deal with it Asman asked what made a lifelong Democrat switch parties to support Trump:  My whole life I was raised Democrat. You re in the steel valley here. We re proud of our work ethic. We re proud of our families and that s how we are here. For about the last thirty five years I ve been hearing  oh yeah, we re going to fight for you. We re going to take care of you. I m going to go to Washington and do this and do that.  They ve done nothing for us, nothing but promise. DeFabio was asked about overregulation: The regulations they put on us are incredible,  he said.  They re killing jobs. They re trying to kill the coal industry. If he gets rid of the regulations, frees up some of the trade deals that are ridiculous where we just give everything away, we re all going to be better off. How could you be against that message? President Trump had to love the answer to the question Asman asked about the Russia: There s no Russians behind the trees. There s no Russians under Jared Kushner s bed. They are trying to find an excuse why they lost the election and now they are trying to come up with a new message. Every time they beat the guy down, he gets stronger.   Believe me, we re not buying the fake news and the fake media, and we re not buying the Russians, so just stop it. AWESOME!",0
10312,BREAKING NEWS: MUSLIM WHITE HOUSE HACKER the Obama Regime Hired Arrested at Airport Trying to Flee the US,"Dem Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz Pakistani IT staffer Imran Awan was arrested at Dulles airport while trying to flee the United States. Get the back story from Maria Bartiromo:  How is it possible that 3 brothers are hired, Muslim brothers just saying, to work in Congress and deal with our most intelligent and sensitive information, number one? They were all making $160,000! Why were they paid so much? 22 years old one of the guys, the other was 25. They re making $160,000, $161,000 and $165,000. And one of them has a criminal background! If you haven t been following this crazy series of events, we ve got a previous report below to fill you in. Basically, Imran Awan and three Muslim relatives were hired to handle IT for the DNC which gave them access to lots of sensitive information NOT GOOD! The Daily Caller just exclusively reported that Awan attempted to destroy hard drives then desperately tried to retrieve them when they were discovered.GETTING THOSE DESTROYED HARD RIVES BACK:Pakistani-born Imran Awan, long-time right-hand IT aide to the former Democratic National Committee (DNC) Chairwoman, has since desperately tried to get the hard drives back, the individual told The Daily Caller News Foundation s Investigative Group.A high-level congressional source, speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the probe, confirmed that the FBI has joined what Politico previously described as a Capitol Police criminal probe into  serious, potentially illegal, violations on the House IT network  by Imran and three of his relatives, who had access to the emails and files of the more than two dozen House Democrats who employed them on a part-time basis.Capitol Police have also seized computer equipment tied to the Florida lawmaker.Awan s younger brothers, Abid and Jamal, his wife, Hina Alvi, and Rao Abbas, Imran s best friend, are also under investigation. There have been no arrests in the case.THIS CASE IS HUGE! MARIA BARTIROMO IS LIVID ABOUT IT:A Pakistani family under criminal investigation by the U.S. Capitol Police (see our previous report below) for abusing their access to the House of Representatives information technology (IT) system may have engaged in myriad other questionable schemes besides allegedly placing  ghost employees  on the congressional payroll.Imran Awan, his wife Hina, and brothers Abid and Jamal collectively netted more than $4 million in salary as IT administrators for House Democrats between 2009 and 2017. Yet the absence of signs of wealth displayed among them raise questions such as was the money sent overseas or did something other than paychecks motivate their actions?Capitol Police revoked the Awans  access to the congressional IT system in February 2017 after a major data breach was detected. Their access had allowed them to read emails and files of dozens of members, including many serving on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the House Committee on Foreign Affairs.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THIS   THE MAIN STREAM MEDIA IS IGNORING THE CRIMINALITY OF THESE BROTHERS:3 MUSLIM BROTHERS Working For Dems In Congress CAUGHT Accessing Unauthorized Top-Secret Government Intel One Has Criminal Background May Have Ties To Muslim Brotherhood [VIDEO]3 Congressional IT employees have been fired for accessing members computer networks without permission. Maria s on the show, knows more about this. Can you fill me in a bit.Here are their names Stuart. let me tell you what the 3 people that were fired on Thursday: Abid, Imran and Jamal Awan. They were barred from computer networks at the House of Representatives on Thursday because they accessed Congressmen and Congress people s computer networks unauthorized. At a minimum they were fired. At a minimum we know that they accessed computers unauthorized and they did so in foreign intelligence, foreign affairs and intelligence committees.  Okay? So they were getting very important information, government information. They accessed these computers. That is the least of it. There s also some talk that people are looking into what ties they have into terrorism. Are they impacted by the Muslim Brotherhood? Are they a part of the Muslim Brotherhood? One of them has a criminal background!How is it possible that 3 brothers are hired, Muslim brothers just saying, to work in Congress and deal with our most intelligent and sensitive information, number one? They were all making $160,000! Why were they paid so much? 22 years old one of the guys, the other was 25. They re making $160,000, $161,000 and $165,000. And one of them has a criminal background! I hear what you re saying, I mean, these intelligence committees handle our terror strategies right? They got in on Benghazi by the way.Yes, and they also worked for many Democrats in the House. They are thinking that they may be also one of the reasons Debbie Wasserman Schultz got hacked. There s so much more to come on this Stuart, it s an incredible story. I think it s amazing!Chiefs of staff for dozens of Democratic lawmakers who employed the four were informed last week that a criminal probe was underway into their use of congressional information technology systems, including the existence of an external server to which House data was being funneled, and into the theft of and overbilling for computer equipment.Their salaries and time were shared among dozens of Democratic members, including former Democratic National Committee Chairman Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida.Chiefs of staff for dozens of Democratic lawmakers who employed the four were informed last week that a criminal probe was underway into their use of congressional information technology systems, including the existence of an external server to which House data was being funneled, and into the theft of and overbilling for computer equipment.Despite the generous salaries, the four were involved in multiple suspicious mortgage transfers and a debt-evading bankruptcy. Abid had more than $1 million in debts following a failed business called Cars International that he ran in Falls Church, Va., from November 2009 to September 2010. Business associates said in court documents that Abid had stolen money and vehicles from them.It s unclear how Abid found time to run an automotive business while working full-time for Congress. He had been on the congressional payroll since 2005. A congressional credit union repossessed two of his personal cars before the business folded.Abid filed for bankruptcy in 2012, but somehow managed to keep ownership of two houses while telling the bankruptcy court and creditors that he had no assets with which to pay them. He signed a sworn statement that he and his wife, Natalia Soba, were living apart and needed separate residences. My spouse and I are legally separated under applicable non-bankruptcy law or my spouse and I are living apart other than for the purpose of evading the requirements of   707(b)(2)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code,  Abid claimed in bankruptcy documents. But both houses had been in the family for years.Abid s record includes numerous driving- and alcohol-related legal problems, including driving with a suspended or revoked license, court records show. He was found guilty of drunk driving a month before he started at the House, and was arrested for public intoxication a month after his first day.A spokesman for Rep. Joaquin Castro of Texas told TheDCNF Friday that Jamal s  employment with our office has been terminated. Hilarie Chambers, a spokeswoman for Rep. Sandy Levin   who employed Abid   told TheDCNF that  after being notified by the House Administration Committee, this individual was removed from our payroll. We are confident that everything in our office is secure. Not every Democrat is willing to terminate their connection with these four:Some Democrats have not terminated their connection with the four, including Wasserman Schultz, who employs Imran and who resigned from her DNC post last year after a computer hack revealed embarassing emails. Derrick Robinson, spokesman for California Rep. Karen Bass, refused to comment on Alvi s employment status.For entire story: Daily Caller",0
10313,"IT BEGINS: ANTHONY SCARAMUCCI FIRES Suspected Leaker, Anti-Trumper With Ties To Reince Priebus","Scaramucci promised the heads of White House leakers would roll. He clearly wasn t kidding Suspected leaker Michael Short has been terminated from the White House communications office, Breitbart News can confirm. Short, an ally of White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and now former Press Secretary Sean Spicer who resigned last week was terminated on Tuesday by new White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci.Politico s Tara Palmeri was the first to report the news.Short disputes his resignations, says he was assigned to campaign from RNC and merely went back to the RNC to work for campaign from HQ https://t.co/bJ4XBtZR6a  Tara Palmeri (@tarapalmeri) July 25, 2017 Newly appointed White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci said on Tuesday that he plans to dismiss assistant press secretary Michael Short,  Palmeri wrote on Tuesday morning.  It would be Scaramucci s first step toward shaking up the communications shop, which has been dominated by former Republican National Committee staffers loyal to White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, a former RNC chairman. Short originally worked for the Trump campaign placed on it by Priebus and quit the campaign, sources tell Breitbart News, after the Access Hollywood tape came out. Politico confirmed this report, noting that Short walked out in the middle of the campaign leaving his computer behind only to show back up in January at the behest of the Republican National Committee (RNC) allies in the White House. He was scorned by many of his colleagues for quitting the Trump campaign, only to rejoin as a White House staffer because of Priebus,  Palmeri wrote of Short.  In a story often retold by campaign staffers, they arrived at Trump Tower one morning, months before the election, to see Short s computer left open on his otherwise empty desk. He had quit the campaign that day and never returned. The next time he was seen by former campaign staffers was in January on their first day in the White House, where some were stunned to learn that they were going to have to work alongside him or for some of the press assistants subordinate to him. Multiple White House sources tell Breitbart News that Short was a leaker, and worked closely with now former White House deputy chief of staff Katie Walsh another RNC wing official who was terminated earlier this year for her own suspected leaking.  Breitbart NewsCould Reince Priebus be next?Heavy   Could Short s and Spicer s resignations be a bad omen for the future of Priebus, the former RNC chairman turned chief of staff who once ran the Republican Party in Wisconsin?There certainly seems to be a diminishing in the ranks of his supporters inside the Trump bubble (and he was reported to have opposed the hiring of Scaramucci by The New York Times and other publications). However, Priebus and Scaramucci have publicly spoken positively about each other since Scaramucci was hired. Trump seems to be relying more than before on a tight circle of family members and political outsiders like Scaramucci. The potential shake-up has exacerbated long-simmering tensions between Scaramucci and chief of staff Reince Priebus,  reported The Washington Post. Scaramucci reports to Trump, not Priebus.",0
10314,"AS ANGRY FAR LEFT PROTESTERS Scream ‘Kill the Bill’, Senator John McCain Returns to Deliver Stunning Speech [Video]","The left is truly becoming unhinged! The tension is high and the stakes are even higher in Washington as the Senate goes forward with debate on a bill to repeal Obamacare. While the US Senate voted today to open debate on the Obamacare bill, screams from far left protestors erupted from the Senate gallery. This far left mob chanted phrases such as  Kill the Bill,   Don t Kill Us,  and  Shame. The protesters interrupted the proceedings before the calling of the roll for nearly two minutes. It then took several minutes for the Sergeant of Arms and federal officers to remove the group of far left protestors. Many official Congressional votes require the gallery visitors to be given passes by legislators. It is highly likely that Democratic legislators gave these protestors access to the gallery.The emotional return of Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., to the Senate for the vote, after he was recently diagnosed with brain cancer is sure to put more pressure on nervous Republicans who have been opposed or reluctant to commit to support the Republican plan.John McCain:  I hope again we can rely on humility on our need to cooperate, on our dependence on each other, to learn how to trust each other again, and by so doing better serve the people who elected us. Stop listening to the bombastic loudmouths on the radio, television and the internet. To hell with them! Despite uncertainty, the administration is predicting victory. Vice President Mike Pence s top legislative affairs aide, Marc Short, stated Tuesday morning on Fox Business News that, whether [McCain] is the 50th or the 51st vote, we re excited to have him back. Read more: The Washington Free Beacon",0
10315,HOT MIC: REPUBLICAN SENATOR CALLS CONGRESSMAN Who Challenged Her to a Duel ‘Fat’ and ‘Unattractive’ in Hot-Mic Moment…as Democratic Friend Says She Could ‘Beat the Sh*t Out of’ Her Aggressor [Audio},"IT S BAD ENOUGH THAT DEMOCRAT SENATORS are speaking this way but RINO Susan Collins didn t even defend her fellow Senator! She took it to a new low. You can hear the harsh comments at the 1:30 point:Sen. Jack Reed (D., R.I.) was caught on a hot mic telling Sen. Susan Collins (R., Maine) on Tuesday that she could  beat the shit out of   a Republican congressman who had criticized her and other female Republican senators who were hampering Obamacare repeal efforts.The two senators were at the markup of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2018 discussing multiple issues among themselves when Reed skewered Rep. Blake Farenthold (R., Texas).Farenthold said in an interview last Friday that he might settle Republican opposition to health care efforts  Aaron Burr-style  if the senators were men from his home state of Texas, according to CNN.Reed said that there were some  crazy people  in the House, which prompted Collins to ask him whether he had heard of Farenthold s remarks. The comment appeared to be a reference to the 1804 duel between Aaron Burr and Alexander Hamilton, which resulted in Hamilton s death. I know, trust me. You know why he challenged you to a duel? Because you could beat the shit out of him,  Reed said. He s huge! He s so unattractive, it s unbelievable COLLINS WOULD BE A DEMOCRAT IN ANY OTHER STATE! WE RE HOPING SHE S DEFEATED NEXT TIME AROUND!",0
10316,LGBT VOLUNTEERS Aren’t Waiting To Be Thrown Off A Rooftop…Join Fight Against ISIS In Syria,"A group of volunteer soldiers announced this week the first ever LGBT unit formed to kick ISIS butt.The Queer Insurrection and Liberation Army, or TQILA (pronounced  Tequila ), is now fighting alongside Kurdish forces in Syria, the group announced Monday, according to Newsweek. TQILA s members have watched in horror as fascist and extremist forces around the world have attacked the Queer community and murdered countless of our community members citing that they are  ill,   sick  and  unatural,  the volunteer fighters group, International Revolution People s Guerilla Forces (IRPGF), wrote on Twitter when announcing the formation of the new unit.The IRPGF is a group of foreign fighters who traveled to northern Syria to fight ISIS alongside the Kurdish militia, People s Protection Unit, known as YPG. The images of gay men being thrown off roofs and stoned to death by Daesh was something we could not idly watch,  they said.The group also posted an image of two soldiers brandishing a banner reading,  These f s kill fascists,  in front their logo, a pink flag with a black AK-47 machine gun, and a rainbow flag in Raqqa, with the caption  #Queers smashing the caliphate. These Faggots Kill Fascists! We shoot back! The Black & Pink and Rainbow flag fly in Raqqa. #Queers smashing the Caliphate. #TQILA #YPJ #YPG pic.twitter.com/eBCssrbjMI  IRPGF (@IRPGF) July 24, 2017ISIS courts have declared homosexuality a capital offense punishable by death. Since its rise in Iraq in 2014, the terrorist group has released anti-gay propaganda showing men accused of homosexuality blindfolded and being thrown off roofs in front of large crowds, and then stoned if they survived the fall.ISIS also claimed responsibility for the Orlando Pulse nightclub shooting last year, in which gunman Omar Mateen murdered 49 people.  New York Post",0
10317,WOW! CHICAGO RESIDENTS Blast “Democratic Machine” For Ruining The City…”They Want You to Think Donald Trump Is The Problem…White and Black Democrats Are Doing This To Us” [VIDEO],"This isn t the first punch this group of black Chicago residents have delivered to the failed Democrat Party. In 2015, they made a video message directly aimed at Barack Obama and the Democrat Party. The video exposed the lies Obama and the Democrats told Chicago residents to get votes, and then after the election, they ignored the residents while unemployment rates and crime skyrocketed and the city crumbled around them. Watch the VIRAL video HERE.The taxpayer-funded installation of a giant, gold-lettered  #RealFake  sculpture, placed by Chicago just opposite Trump Tower, serves as the backdrop for a cutting short film,  Chicago Carnage,  from RebelPundit filmmakers Jeremy Segal and Andrew Marcus featuring community organizers Paul McKinley and Mark Carter.The city of Chicago installed the sculpture just across the Chicago River from Trump Tower in a space that could only be intended to give a giant middle finger to President Trump late last month. The sculpture sits as perfect photo-op to take selfies and group photos flipping off the Trump sign, while standing underneath it right next to the golden sculpture that screams Real Fake.Both say Chicago is a city that is overrun with very real deadly violence and poverty within a few short miles from this sculpture and it is by intentional design under the  liberal agenda. It is ironic that this sign would show up right here, and not in front of City Hall,  McKinley says. It is a  great deception  to distract people from  real issues. Carter says,  They are not trying to resolve the problems in this city, they need things to happen exactly the way they are happening .The fake news is that this city is a city for everyone .This is city for the elite.  He goes on to slam the city for looking like  a bomb has been dropped,  and looking  like a third world city. Every day of the week there is a body count, 30 people shot up, 40 people shot up, that s not real fake,   says McKinley. They want you to be focused on Donald Trump being the problem,  Carter said, to which McKinley asks,  why are we all messed up, Trump just got in there? There is nothing fake about this guy,  said Carter,  he tells you what he s about, the fake is Barack Obama, the fake is Bill Clinton. The Democrat machine is dummying down the people, socially engineering the people into poverty.They want you to believe that there is some white racist Republicans or some white racist conservative doing this. No, this is the democrat machine, these are white and black racist Democrats that are doing this to us.They don t want the killing to stop. They need the people to continue to poor. They need these blood sucking programs, that have never done anything to bring down violence, unemployment and poverty.McKinley says,  this is the most racist city and segregated city in the country, right here in Chicago.   Rebel Pundit ",0
10318,MASSACHUSETTS VOTES TO IGNORE FED LAW and Let Illegals Go…This Sanctuary State Endangers All Americans!,"MASSACHUSETTS IS NOW A SANCTUARY STATE! The Massachusetts Supreme Court just ruled that illegals are to be released and not held under federal law. This puts all Americans at risk! Tucker Carlson previously interviewed a State Rep. who supports subverting federal law. Please listen to the skewed reasoning for not following federal law:In a ruling hailed by civil liberties advocates that ends a longstanding immigration enforcement practice, the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court declared Monday that current state law  provides no authority for Massachusetts court officers to arrest and hold an individual solely on the basis of a Federal civil immigration detainer, beyond the time that the individual would otherwise be entitled to be released from State custody. State Representative James Lyons, an Andover Republican, said he is working with Republican Representatives Marc Lombardo of Billerica, and Shaunna O Connell of Taunton to gather co-sponsors on a bill he plans to file Tuesday or Wednesday. Lyons said the bill would be  straightforward,  giving Massachusetts police and court officers the power to arrest someone on a civil immigration warrant.  People are concerned about the rule of law,  Lyons told the News Service. Asked about how he thought the bill would fare in the Democrat-controlled Legislature, Lyons said,  Beacon Hill, I can t predict what s going on up there.  While the high court ruling focused on court officers, advocates said the opinion prohibits any state official from keeping someone jailed solely at the request of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE).  Going forward, nobody in Massachusetts should be held on an immigration detainer unless the Legislature were to attempt to change that,  said Emma Winger, Immigration Impact Unit staff attorney for the Committee on Public Counsel Services, who argued the case before the Supreme Judicial Court in April. It applies to anybody with arrest authority,  said Laura Rotolo, staff attorney at the American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts. Rotolo said that while many jurisdictions have limited their cooperation with ICE, the SJC is the first state high court to rule against ICE detainers.Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said the decision will make people more vulnerable to crime in Massachusetts.  I wouldn t say it makes Massachusetts a sanctuary state. I think it makes Massachusetts more vulnerable   the people who live here and people who visit here   more vulnerable to become victims of crime, and also a further message to people throughout the country who are here illegally that we re the place you want to come,  Hodgson said.Read more: New Boston Post",0
10319,Jason Chaffetz Calls Out the GOP: “Republicans need to get a backbone!” [Video]," Republicans need to get a backbone,  says former Congressman Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) when asked about the testimony of Jared Kushner before the Senate Intelligence Committee.  Every time the Democrats say they need to call up Jared Kushner or Donald Trump Jr., then call up Chelsea Clinton, call up the Clintons. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Md3pmA-IZ_EChaffetz was on fire:  There we have an Inspector General who issues a report stating an actual crime. You have Bill Clinton, the former President, taking millions and millions of dollars from countries that Hillary Clinton was then going into and doing business. So every time a Democrat says,  I gotta talk to Donald Trump Jr., then go up and bring Chelsea Clinton in there. Because she was involved in the Benghazi situation, she was involved with the Foundation. I mean, when I tried as the chairman of the Oversight Committee, to bring in Ben Rhodes to talk about the Iran situation, nobody knows what the deal with Iran was, they claimed executive privilege. Chaffetz says they would never do this to the Clintons and he s right on the money:  They would never, ever, ever do this to the Clintons. And that is what is fundamentally wrong with this. They could have easily, out of all the people in the world they could have easily claimed executive privilege on this one, proximity to the President, it s his son-in-law, he s his closest adviser, he could have easily pulled that off. But there he is, he s gonna go in there as an open book and they should get a lot of credit for it. Read more: Rick Wells",0
10320,"WATCH: 40,000 BOY SCOUTS BOO Barack Obama…GO CRAZY…Chant “We Love Trump” During President Trump’s Visit To National Scout Jamboree","President Trump stood in front 40,000 enthusiastic Boy Scouts in West Virginia, as the scouts proudly chanted  USA USA!  President Trump started out his speech to the Boy Scouts by remarking on the size of the crowd. Trump told the Boy Scouts that he estimated the crowd at about 45,000, but joked that the media will probably say there were about 200 scouts in the crowd.Standing on the stage with President Trump were former Scout and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price. It only seemed appropriate that Trump would bring his Secretary of Energy Rick Perry to West Virginia, where candidate Trump won the hearts and votes of coal miner s desperate for someone in Washington fight for their jobs.Watch President Trump enter the stage at the scout jamboree as the scouts go wild:President Donald J. Trump arrives at The Summit Bechtel Family National Scout Reserve and proceeds to main stage. #TeamTrumpBTS #MAGA #USAA post shared by President Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Jul 24, 2017 at 5:18pm PDTAs Trump entered the stage, the scouts went wild chanting,  We love Trump!  Trump paused for a moment and then asked the scouts,  By the way just a question:  Did President Obama ever come to a Jamboree?'  The crowd responded by booing the former president. President Trump then told them,  And we ll be back. We l be back. The answer is  no . But we ll be back.  The crowd went wild again!#BoyScouts chant ""WE LOVE TRUMP"" and appear to BOO Obama  pic.twitter.com/uBU7aPLh3S  RSBN TV (@RSBNetwork) July 24, 2017Here s the entire video of President Trump s speech to the Boy Scouts: ",0
10321,SNOPES IMPLODES! Liberal “Fact-Checker” Turns To GoFundMe To Keep Business Alive…LOL!,"Where s George Soros when his top  fact  checkers, aka  conservative news slayers , need him?Snopes.com is a liberal blog from 1994. The website claims to be the internet s oldest and most popular fact-checking site. Last year, Snopes Co-Founder was accused of embezzling company money, and spending it on prostitutes.Now you can find the blog begging for $500k in funding via GoFundMe. So, far the campaign has raised $18,000 in 3 hours via 710 people   Zero HedgeFacebook users who are too stupid to figure out if a story is  fake  or real can now rely on a porn star with an escort service and her husband as well as a woman who admits to smoking to pot while  fact checking  stories .In December of 2016, Facebook announced plans to check for  fake news  using a series of organizations to assess whether stories are true.Here are a few facts most Snopes users probably don t know  about  fact-checker  Snopes: One of them is a website called Snopes.com which claims to be one of the web s  essential resources  and  painstaking, scholarly and reliable It was founded by husband-and-wife Barbara and David Mikkelson, who used a letterhead claiming they were a non-existent society to start their research Now they are divorced   with Barbara claiming in legal documents he embezzled $98,000 of company money and spent it on  himself and prostitutes In a lengthy and bitter legal dispute he is claiming to be underpaid and demanding  industry standard  or at least $360,000 a year The two also dispute what are basic facts of their case   despite Snopes.com saying its  ownership  is committed to  accuracy and impartiality Snopes.com founder David Mikkelson s new wife Elyssa Young is employed by the website as an administrator She has worked as an escort and porn actress and despite claims website is non-political ran as a Libertarian for Congress on a  Dump Bush  platform Its main  fact checker  is Kimberly LaCapria, whose blog  ViceVixen  says she is in touch with her  domme side  and has posted on Snopes.com while smoking potOne of the websites Facebook is to use to arbitrate on  fake news  is involved in a bitter legal dispute between its co-founders, with its CEO accused of using company money for prostitutes.Snopes.com will be part of a panel used by Facebook to decide whether stories which users complain about as potentially  fake  should be considered  disputed .Popular myth-busting website Snopes originally gained recognition for being the go-to site for disproving outlandish urban legends -such as the presence of UFOs in Haiti or the existence of human-animal hybrids in the Amazon jungle.Recently, however, the site has tried to pose as a political fact-checker. But Snopes   fact-checking  looks more like playing defense for prominent Democrats. Its political  fact-checker  describes herself as a liberal and has called Republicans  regressive  and afraid of  female agency. Snopes  main political fact-checker is a writer named Kim Lacapria. Before writing for Snopes, Lacapria wrote for Inquisitr, a blog that   oddly enough   is known for publishing fake quotes and even downright hoaxes as much as anything else.While at Inquisitr, the future  fact-checker  consistently displayed clear partisanship. Go HERE for entire story on Kim Lacapria and her liberal background that was exposed by the Daily Caller.",0
10322,HEARTBREAKING: Baby Charlie Gard’s Parents End Legal Battle to Come to the US [Video],"This news is heartbreaking because it s the unnecessary delay in treatment that ultimately determined the fate of this little baby:  The window of opportunity has been lost Chris Gard and Connie Yates announced their decision as a high court judge was preparing to oversee the latest round of a five-month legal battle.The parents have said they want to withdraw their application for him to receive experimental treatment in the US because it was  too late  for it to work.In a move that would appear to bring an end to a protracted, emotional legal case in which Great Ormond Street hospital (Gosh) argued his life support should be switched off to prevent him suffering further, their lawyer said on Monday that delays meant  it was no longer in Charlie s interests  to keep him on a ventilator.Mr Justice Francis had been scheduled to analyse what the couple said was fresh evidence at a hearing in the family division of the high court in London.Grant Armstrong, representing Charlie s parents, told the high court in London:  For Charlie, it s too late, time has run out, irreversible muscular damage has been done and the treatment can no longer be a success. He said the parents had made the most painful of decisions, that only parents can make. Armstrong said:  Charlie has waited patiently for treatment. Due to delay, that window of opportunity has been lost. Baby Charlie Gard was born has a rare genetic condition from his parents and is blind, deaf and can only breathe through a ventilator.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON BABY CHARLIE GARD:The horrible result of socialized medicine may be seen in the plight of Charlie Gard. The brain-damaged British baby whose parents recently lost a legal battle to keep him on life support   has now tugged at heart strings as far away as the Oval Office.President Trump tweeted out his willingness to lend a hand   and in doing so exposed the debate over who should make life-and-death decisions for Charlie to a massive audience. If we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so,  Trump wrote.The tweet, which noted a similar call for compassion from Pope Francis on Sunday night, comes just ahead of Trump s second international trip later this week, during which he ll meet with world leaders at the G-20 summit it Germany   a conference at which Trump could cross paths with British Prime Minister Theresa May.Trump s tweet also implicitly highlights perceived pitfalls in the British health care system   a publicly funded system   at a time the U.S. is undergoing yet another debate about medical coverage.Gard s parents have fought the courts to keep their son on life support. Chris Gard and Connie Yates want to bring Charlie to the U.S. for experimental therapy. But doctors at the Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children in London, who have been caring for Charlie, were granted permission by a court to turn off his life support. Though it was expected Charlie could be removed from the essential devices as soon as Friday, the hospital said in a statement it was putting together unspecified plans to give the 11 month old and his parents  more time together as a family. Read more: The Guardian ",0
10323,BREAKING: JARED KUSHNER SPEAKS…”I did not collude with Russia” [Video],"Jared Kushner just spoke out on being accused of  colluding  with the Russians during the 2016 campaign: President Trump had a better message & ran a smarter campaign. That is why he won. Suggesting otherwise, ridicules those who voted for him. He hit back at the media:THE MEETING WENT  VERY WELL : Jared Kushner said Monday that his closed-door meeting with congressional staff investigating Russian meddling in the presidential election went  very well.  Kushner added as he was leaving the meeting that he answered  as many  questions as the staffers had.Prior to the Monday morning meeting, Kushner released an 11- page statement in which he denied colluding with any foreign government during last year s presidential race. I did not collude, nor know of anyone else in the campaign who colluded, with any foreign government,  Kushner said in the statement. He denied having improper communications with Kremlin officials as well as any knowledge of Trump campaign officials conspiring with Moscow.The closed-door hearing on Capitol Hill came after reports revealed that Kushner joined Donald Trump Jr. and former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort in a meeting with a Russian lawyer, who Trump Jr. believed had incriminating information on then-Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.Kushner is expected to meet with the House Intelligence Committee on Tuesday, which is leading its own investigation into Russia s meddling in the 2016 election.",0
10324,MN: SOMALI MUSLIM IMMIGRANTS Explain Why It’s Acceptable To Kill Anyone Who Insults Mohammed [VIDEO],"Ami Horowitz is a thought provoking filmmaker who took a lot of heat for exposing the truth about the horrific, violent  no-go zones  in Sweden in one of his recent documentary films. Horowitz is also very controversial because he doesn t shy away from asking tough questions of the people he randomly interviews on the streets.In fiscal year 2014, Minnesota took in 2,232 refugees, according to the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement. Almost half of those were from Somalia.In the video below, Ami took to the streets in the Cedar Riverside neighborhood of Minneapolis, MN to talk a variety of Somali Muslim immigrants. Ami posed several questions to a large variety of random Somali Muslim immigrants. He asked young boys, teenagers, middle-aged men and even an older woman their thoughts on how they felt about living in the United States, and if they d rather living back in Somalia. Horowitz also asked if they would prefer to live under Sharia Law or American laws. Their answers may surprise you.The most shocking part of the video however, comes near the end when Horowitz begins to discuss freedom of speech in America. While one of the men being interviewed talks about how great it is to be in America and to be afforded rights like freedom of speech and freedom of religion, every single Muslim respondent believed that free speech is great unless it involves criticizing the prophet Mohammed. Horowitz took his question a step further and asked if was okay for Muslims to use violence against someone who disparaged or insulted Mohammed. Every Muslim he asked, believed that using violence, including killing a person who criticized or mocked Mohammed, would be justified.Watch:After a major dip in 2008, the year ly num bers of new So ma li refu gees in Minnesota have re bounded stead i ly. The num ber of So malis re set tled in the state has more than trip led in four years. As resettlements nationally have picked up, more So malis are also arriving here after brief stints in other states   often trading early support from resettlement agencies for the company of more fellow Somalis. You tend to go some where you can con nect,  said Mo ha mud Noor, the head of the Con fed er a tion of So ma li Community in Minnesota.  Be fore peo ple even ar rive from Af ri ca, they know they are com ing to Minnesota. But without the Twin Cities family ties of earlier arrivals, these newcomers often can t lean as heavily on longer-term Somali residents. Mary s Place, a Minneapolis home less shel ter, has be come ground zero for fami lies like Ali and Mo ha med s. Somali participation in the state s public food assistance program doubled in the past five years. Meanwhile, the Minneapolis School District, its So ma li stu dent en roll ment up 70 percent since 2011, launched eight class rooms with in struc tion in both Eng lish and So ma li to help new comers catch up.  Star Tribune",0
10325,THE DEEP STATE SPEAKS: Clapper and Brennan Threaten Trump During Aspen Institute’s Lefty Gaggle [Video],"Nice threat to POTUS:  The intelligence community will continue to convey truth to power even if power doesn t necessarily listen.  This entire video is disturbing but eye opening. THEY FEEL THREATENED BY TRUMP and this is clearly an effort to hurt President Trump. This coming from two men who ok d spying on Americans and who lied under oath:How convenient that CNN s Wolf Blitzer is the host for this bashfest of the current administration under President Trump. How ironic is it that two men who lied under oath are speaking  truth  to power FYI: John Brennan literally voted for the Communist party in the 1970s during the height of the Cold War now they re lecturing us about Russia.These two men define the deep state This talk was really all about creating doubt on Trump and to defend themselves post Obama. Can you imagine if the tables were turned and this vitriol was directed at Obama? Shameful!All you have to do is listen to Clapper lie before Congress and you know he has ZERO credibility to speak:Remember the famous moment when US NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE CHIEF James Clapper was testifying about the NSA surveillance of Americans when he let slip a sign he was not being truthful. Of course, we knew this was all a smoke and mirrors show. Clapper later said he  misspoke last we checked it s pretty much the same thing as lying NOT WITTINGLY    JAMES CLAPPERHere s the video below where he parses words in his testimony: REMEMBER WHAT CLAPPER SAID RECENTLY ABOUT TRUMP:Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper says the United States  political institutions are currently  under assault  both externally and internally, in the wake of President Donald Trump s firing of ex-FBI Director James Comey. The developments of the past week are very bothersome, very disturbing to me,  Clapper said on CNN s  State of the Union  on Sunday. I think in many ways our institutions are under assault, both externally   and that s the big news here, the Russian interference in our election system   and I think as well, our institutions are under assault internally, When asked if he meant if those institutions were  under assault  internally by the president himself, Clapper said  exactly  and added that he believed Trump was undermining the checks and balances inherent to the U.S. political system.",0
10326,ART CONTEST WINNER Disqualified for Being a Trump Supporter…What Happened to the “Tolerant” and “Accepting” Left?,"So now if you enter a contest, you need to worry about your political affiliation if you re a Republican? The left continues to show that they are the most intolerant of anyone who s across the aisle from them. It s getting uglier and uglier out there. What happened to the  accepting  leftists who claim they re ok with all people? WE HAVE A SUGGESTION: Please message Gypsy on Twitter or Instagram   It might also be a good idea to contact Kat Von D Beauty. Light Up Social Media!The Wichita Eagle reported that Gypsy Freeman was declared the winner of a national art contest sponsored by Kat Von D Beauty and was set to receive a prize package worth about $2,100. That is, until an Instagram user found a post on her page supporting Donald Trump. Once that was made known to the company, Freeman reportedly received a message from Kat Von D s Instagram account informing her that she was disqualified.PLEASE SEND A MESSAGE OF ENCOURAGEMENT  TO GYPSY FREEMAN VIA TWITTERAccording to the Eagle:When Freeman was announced as the winner, curious Instagrammers went to her page and found a pro-Trump post from Election Day last year.That evening, she received a direct message from Kat Von D s personal Instagram account, telling her the celebrity had  drawn a personal line in the sand between myself and anyone who supports that man,  according to screenshots of the conversation. My launch party [and my brand] celebrates many things that Trump is against,  the celebrity went on to say, according to the screenshots.  And I just need you to know that I personally have a hard time with inviting anyone who would support such an anti-feminist, anti-homosexual/LGBT, anti-immigrant, and anti-climate change fascist such as Trump. According to the screenshots, Freeman replied:  I won t be upset with you if you can t have us there for these reasons, and I wish you the best. We would love to be there, of course, but I sincerely do understand if you decide to replace us with someone who supports the candidate you support. This woman is so talented! It should be about the work and not about politics. This is a shame but Gypsy will get much more publicity from this than she would have otherwise. Her website is amazing! The winning image is below:",0
10327,"SCARAMUCCI ON WH LEAKS: “If you’re going to keep leaking, I’m going to fire everybody.” [VIDEO]","It s about time! The White House has been leaking like a sieve. New White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci flatly said Sunday that he as going to fire all future leakers on his watch: We re as strong as our weakest leak A smug John Dickerson asked Scaramucci why President Donald Trump had tweeted a day earlier about his ability to grant pardons. Scaramucci said the leaks of that conversation and other leaks were  unprofessional,   injurious to the government,  and possibly  felonious. He s done absolutely nothing wrong. There s no need for him to pardon anybody,  Scaramucci said.  But he just doesn t like the fact that he has a two-minute conversation in the Oval Office or in his study, and then people are running out and leaking that. What happens to leakers on your watch?  Dickerson asked. They re going to get fired,  Scaramucci said.Scaramucci said he would hold a staff meeting on Monday and make it clear that anyone who wants to stay on will not leak private conversations to the press. We re as strong as our weakest leak,  he said.  So if you guys want to keep leaking, why don t you guys all get together and make a decision as a team that you re going to stop leaking. But if you re going to keep leaking, I m going to fire everybody. ",0
10328,"WOW! VIDEO EMERGES Of Hillary Clinton Admitting Foreign Leaders Contacted Her During Campaign, Discussed How They Could “Stop Donald Trump”","Hey Robert Mueller! Do you care to find out which foreign leaders candidate Hillary Clinton spoke with during her campaign?  Because according to Hillary, she received  messages  from foreign leaders asking her if they can endorse her to stop Donald Trump from becoming President. I am already receiving messages from leaders. I m having foreign leaders ask if they can endorse me to stop Donald Trump.    Hillary Clinton, March, 2016Hmmm Is there a tape of candidate Donald Trump like the one of Hillary, where he admits to having discussions with foreign leaders about how to stop Hillary from becoming President?While speaking at a Democratic Presidential Townhall meeting in  Columbus, Ohio, in March of 2016, Hillary thought she was rather clever by attempting to make it appear as though Donald Trump was wildly unpopular with all of her foreign connections. It s too bad the media forgot about this clip:TREASON? Video surfaces of Hillary admitting she was in contact with foreign leaders interfering in our election! https://t.co/EHHTyC0sEU  Newt-Trump Fan Club (@NewtTrump) July 19, 2017",0
10329,WATCH: 94-Yr Old PEARL HARBOR SURVIVOR Donald Stratton Fights Back Tears As He Thanks President Trump For Bringing USA Together Again,"American pride and American exceptionalism is back. It shows in the confidence our military has in their newly elected Commander in Chief and in the confidence Americans have in the private sector, thanks to our President and in his hard-working administration. For anyone who needs evidence, watch brave 94-yr old Pearl Harbor veteran Donald Stratton thank Trump for bringing the USA back together again after 8 long divided years under Barack Obama  Lauren Bruner and Donald Stratton visited the White House on Friday, a trip they would have missed if a man named Joe George had not defied orders more than 75 years ago at Pearl Harbor.Bruner, 96, Stratton, 94, along with Ken Potts, 95, were survivors of the USS Arizona, a battleship destroyed during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on Dec. 7, 1941. The three men reunited Friday at Arlington National Cemetery and then met with President Trump at the White House.It was 94-yr. old Donald Stratton s comments to President Trump that really struck a cord with him, as Trump asked Stratton to repeat his comments, as they would have likely been edited by the mainstream media in attendance at the special event. Trump told the press,  You ll want to hear this folks, it s very it s  just a very beautiful statement. Stratton then told the cameras:  All the people we met today, and all the people that were lined along as we went along, you could tell with the military and everything, that this country s coming together again, and we re gonna be there!  Stratton then gave a mini-fist pump as he fought back the tears of pride over our new Commander in Chief:MUST WATCH Pearl Harbor survivor Donald Stratton fights back tears as he thanks Trump for bringing the USA together! pic.twitter.com/ZIVPP8AtVb  Newt-Trump Fan Club (@NewtTrump) July 23, 2017As the number of Arizona survivors has dwindled to five   Bruner, Potts, Stratton, Lou Conter, 95, and Lonnie Cook, 96   the group is increasingly vocal about their experience and in advocating for recognition of George, who saved the lives of Stratton and Bruner but never received any honors for doing so.Coming to Washington, for the three survivors, meant more than time to honor those who were lost in the attack: It was also a chance to advocate for recognition for George.Stratton said he was unable to ask Trump to honor his friend but was able to speak about George and feels like progress was made. We didn t actually get any conversation with the president but all the conversation was in front of the press and we spoke about Joe George,  Stratton said.  I think we accomplished a lot today through that and getting his story out there. Stratton and Bruner survived the wreckage thanks to George s bravery. George was on a neighboring ship, the Vestal, when the bombs hit the Arizona. He defied orders from an officer to leave the area and instead saved six men who were in a gunner s control tower while their ship was engulfed in flames.The six escaped when George threw a weighted rope to the Arizona and the men climbed hand over hand down it to the Vestal. Bruner was the second-to-last man to leave the ship.Both Stratton and Bruner suffered severe burns and spent weeks in the hospital before returning to serve. The burns on Stratton s hands smoothed his fingertips, removing the grooves and his ability to make an identifiable fingerprint.Because George did not obey orders to leave the area, the Navy did not ever issue him a medal. Stratton believes he should receive a Navy Cross posthumously.Trump thanked the veterans for their heroic service. There are many remarkable things that I witness as president, but nothing can take the place of meeting heroes like those with us today,  Trump said.  In them we see the strength of our nation, the courage of our men and women in uniform, the resolve to never accept failure, and the belief that justice will always triumph. The meeting was an honor Stratton says he never envisioned. This is something I never expected in my whole life I met some very interesting people, Stratton said.  This country is so apart and this is something which brings us together. The men were honored with a certificate memorializing their visit to the cemetery and a coin from the Old Guard Third Infantry Regiment, who guard the tomb.  AZ CentralWatch President Trump s speech honoring the Pearl Harbor vets:",0
10330,NEW WH COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR: I’ll Bring CNN a Box of Kleenex When Trump Wins in 2020 [VIDEO],"Jake Tapper and the new White House Communications Director went at it this morning. Anthony Scaramucci had the line of the day: I ll Bring CNN a Box of Kleenex When Trump Wins in 2020Anthony Scaramucci: If I said some things about him, when I was working for another candidate, Mr. Trump, Mr. President, I apologize for that. Can we move on off of that. I know you and I have moved on off of that. Jake hasn t moved on off of that, obviously and that s okay Jake, I don t care. But, I m going to be working for you and we re going to serve the American people and we re going to get your agenda out into the heartland where it belongs and we re going to turn this thing into a movement, a bigger movement than we have already.Jake Tapper: I love how you re talking to one specific viewer right now, the most important audience that there is.Anthony Scaramucci: I like talking to him, but you know who else I m talking to? The people I grew up with. They get me and get him.Jake Tapper: I get it. I grew up in a very similar neighborhood in Philadelphia.Anthony Scaramucci: He s gonna win again, Jake. He s gonna win again and I ll bring a box of Kleenex over here to CNN in 2020.Jake Tapper: We don t need Kleenex.Anthony Scaramucci: He s gonna win again Jake. We re going to get this agenda prosecuted. He s gonna win again.",0
10331,"HORRIFIC Human Trafficking Case: 8 PEOPLE FOUND DEAD, 38 Locked Inside Tractor-Trailer Outside Walmart…No A/C…101 Degrees [VIDEO]","Anyone who takes part in this type of sub-human criminal activity should never see the light of day again. The lawmakers who refuse to lock down our borders and stiffen the penalties for human traffickers who bring illegal aliens into the U.S. should also be held accountable by their constituents Eight people were found dead in a tractor-trailer outside a Walmart store in the stifling summer heat in what police called a horrific human trafficking case, and the driver was arrested.Several other people, possibly dozens, were found in the truck, which didn t have a working air conditioning system despite blistering temperatures that topped 100 degrees, and they were taken to hospitals, authorities said. The driver had been held, authorities said, but they didn t release the driver s identity.A person from the truck approached a Walmart employee in a parking lot and asked for water late Saturday night or early Sunday morning, said police in San Antonio, where temperatures on Saturday reached 101 degrees. The employee gave the person the water and then called police, and when officers arrived they found the eight people dead in the back of the trailer, police Chief William McManus said.Investigators checked store surveillance video, which showed vehicles had arrived and picked up other people from the tractor-trailer, police said. We re looking at a human trafficking crime this evening,  McManus said.He called the case  a horrific tragedy. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security was involved in the investigation into what happened, he said.The National Weather Service s local office said the temperature in San Antonio hit 101 degrees just before 5 p.m. Saturday and didn t dip below 90 degrees until after 10 p.m.Other cases of human trafficking in the United States have led to more deaths. In May 2003, 19 immigrants being transported from South Texas to Houston died inside a sweltering tractor-trailer.Prosecutors said the driver in the 2003 case heard the immigrants begging and screaming for their lives as they were succumbing to the stifling heat inside his truck but refused to free them. The driver was resentenced in 2011 to nearly 34 years in prison after a federal appeals court overturned the multiple life sentences he had received.  NYPMany of the human trafficking cases are related to human traffickers bringing illegal aliens into the United States:Jalopnik   In July 2013, Authorities in Mexico charged a truck driver with human trafficking after discovering 94 people in his vehicle headed to the United States.A report from Reuters says that the 94 people packed into a truck were found near the southern city of Tuxtla Gutierrez, the capital of the state of Chiapas. Among them were 19 people from Bangladesh and Nepal, as well as Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras. They were detected in an X-ray scan Monday night outside Tuxtla Gutierrez.Officials say the migrants were kept in inhumane conditions. (Is there a way to  humanely  cram close to 100 people into a single truck?) Several were treated for injuries, and many experienced symptoms of suffocation.",0
10332,NYC MAYOR DE BLASIO Blasted by Queens Woman…He Runs Away! [Video],"Vickie Paladino and her husband were driving through their neighborhood when they spotted the mayor. Paladino was so upset over de Blasio s trip to Germany to speak at a G-20 protest in lieu of attending a vigil for slain New York police officer Miosotis Familia that she left the car to berate him.As de Blasio approached her and a group of others to shake hands, she started to ask about his trip. He turned around with his security detail and went to his car. I want to know why you let your police officers down and our country down by going to Germany and protesting against our country,  she yelled at de Blasio.  I want to know why you re doing that. OK? I don t care about the trees. We ll work it out. ADVERTISINGCBS reporter Marcia Kramer had a scathing assessment of de Blasio, who she said  simply fled  when Paladino started her criticism. The woman in the white shirt single-handedly brought WrestleMania to the streets of Whitestone, Queens, but her opponent Bill de Blasio was no Hulk Hogan or The Rock,  Kramer said.  He was more like the Cowardly Lion in The Wizard Of Oz. Paladino caught the attention of the media assembled for the event, and she told reporters that she d  had it  with de Blasio and doubted he had a friend in the city. This is got to do with a liberal, socialist mayor who is running our city and has no regard for our country,  she said. Why did you go to Germany? Why did you stand with the communists, with the anarchists, with the socialists when you re supposed to be here, taking care of our business, our police officers,  she said in a later interview with Kramer.",0
10333,"HILARIOUS! Leonardo DiCaprio Is “Outed” As Climate Change Hypocrite, Forced To Do The Unimaginable","Leonardo DiCaprio is one of the most outspoken advocates for man-made global climate-change in America, he is also of the biggest hypocrites. Thanks to alternative news sources,  DiCaprio has been  outed  more than once for his extravagant energy- wasting lifestyle. The lifestyles of climate change advocates like DiCaprio and Al Gore are being questioned every day by reasonable people who want to know why these self-appointed climate change czars are asking everyday citizens to adjust the way they live, while these hypocrites continue to travel by jet or on board massive private yachts with absolutely no reasonable explanation.It looks like DiCaprio is sick and tired of being called a  hypocrite  and has traded in the private jets in favor of doing the unimaginable traveling with the common man on a commercial flight.Leo DiCaprio is currently shoring up environmentally friendly plans for his foundation s annual gala and auction in St-Tropez, sources tell us.We hear that the star is ditching any private jets and will fly commercial to the glitzy French f te on Wednesday.  NYPPerhaps DiCaprio doesn t want to be the laughing stock of the climate change crowd again this year, like last year when he was caught making several trips across the world by private jets to attend glitzy climate-change events.In May 2016, Leonardo DiCaprio took a private jet twice to pick up an environmental award in New York   before flying back to a glitzy gala in France.The actor and environmentalist, 41, was spotted in Cannes, where the Film Festival is currently underway.But he left the French Riviera for a brief trip to New York City, where he collected an honor at the Riverkeeper Fishermen s Ball on Wednesday, Page Six reported.He then hopped back on another private jet to attend the amfAR gala in Antibes, about eight miles from Cannes, just 24 hours later.DiCaprio has been accused of hypocrisy as he can often be heard preaching about saving the environment and fighting climate change   while taking private jets to do so.The actor, who turned his Oscars speech into a pressing warning against climate change in February, accumulated more than 8,000 of air travel in just a couple of days. ",0
10334,MAXINE WATERS: ‘These people trying to ‘discredit’ me [Video],"MAXINE GOT A MAKEOVER and is hopping mad about speculation she s running for POTUS in 2020. It can t help that Tucker Carlson is mocking her just about every night.Waters was in a foul mood during an interview with her favorite news anchor Joy Reid. Reid is a foot soldier for Waters. These two get together every other day to bash Trump. Pitiful!The funny thing is that no one was criticizing Waters. They were merely speculating if she is considering a presidential run, something she has admitted to if she had the support of millennials. Right?Waters told Reid: Just because I m going to New Hampshire to be at a Democratic Party event for one of my colleagues, they made this story up. , or to make people uncomfortable with me, all of that. So you re gonna be hearing a lot more from them these people who are all, you know, aligned around trying to discredit Maxine Waters because she has stayed on Trump s case so much. And so you re going to hear a lot more from them. Don t believe anything they re saying. ",0
10335,MEDIA SILENT: President Trump Makes Americans $4 TRILLION Richer In First 6 Months…Compare To Obama’s Radical First 6 Months In Office,"It s Thursday, July 20th. As of today, Donald Trump has been president for 6 months. The media coverage of the president is overwhelmingly negative: the press remains contemptuous, and they re pushing to get him out before he completes his first term.Investors might think differently. The great success of the Trump presidency thus far, is not what he s done, but what he promises to do, namely, get the economy going again. Evidently, investors believe he might yet get it done.Look at this: since his election win, the Trump rally has added $4.1 trillion to the nation s wealth. Anyone with a 401k, an IRA, college savings, retirement savings, mutual funds. Anyone with a dime in the market has taken a piece of that $4 trillion.   Fox NewsWhile President Trump has been incredibly busy working with American businesses and cutting trade deals with foreign leaders to benefit American businesses and workers, the media intentionally ignores his accomplishments, and focuses instead, on a manufactured Russian-collusion story.  Compare President Trump s first successful 6 months in office to those of media darling Barack Obama:From siding with terrorists hell-bent on destroying Israel, to ensuring federal funds could be used for abortion, to adding 17,000 more troops to a war Obama promised he would end, the first 2 months of Obama s presidency were about as anti-American as our nation has ever seen.  Wasn t anyone in the media just a tad bit curious about Barack Obama s first act as our newly sworn in president, that placed a temporary halt on the trials for terrorists at Guantanamo Bay?20 January 2009  Obama is sworn in as the 44th president of the US  Hours after taking office, Obama requests a temporary halt to Guant namo Bay trials.21 January  Hillary Clinton is confirmed as secretary of state.22 January  The president brings in executive orders aimed at reforming the US s detention policy. He orders the closure of  black sites , where CIA and European security services have interrogated terrorist suspects. He also orders interrogations of detainees across the entire US intelligence community to adhere to the US Army Field Manual and orders the closure of the Guant namo Bay prison within 12 months.23 January- Obama orders the end of the  Mexico City Rule  which had banned federal funding of NGOs that performed abortions or offered abortion counselling. It is strongly criticised by the Vatican.26 January  Obama outlines his energy policy, saying America must become more self-sufficient and calling for an  energy economy  to create jobs. He said the US should not be a  hostage to dwindling resources, hostile regimes, and a warming planet .27 January  In his first TV interview, to the al-Arabiya network, Obama spoke of improved relations with the Middle East. On Israel, he reiterated US support but said:  I do believe the moment is ripe for both sides to realise that the path that they are on is one that is not going to result in prosperity and security for their people. And that instead, it s time to return to the negotiating table. 29 January  Obama signs his first bill into law, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. The law ends a 2007 Supreme Court decision that said workers had only 180 days to file a pay discrimination lawsuit.5 February  The last terror trial at Guant namo Bay is halted after the judge dropped charges against a suspect in the bombing of the USS Cole in 2000.17 February  In Denver, Colorado, Obama signs into law the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, aimed at rescuing the economy.WSJ    The $830 billion spending blowout was sold by the White House as a way to keep unemployment from rising above 8%. But the stimulus would fail on its own terms. 2009 marked the first of four straight years when unemployment averaged more than 8%. And of course the unemployment rate would have been even worse in those years and still today if so many people had not quit the labor force, driving labor-participation rates to 1970s levels. Given that Governments are generally the worst allocators of capital it should come as no real surprise that the money was squandered on non-productive investments. $783,000 was spent on a study of why young people consume malt liquor and marijuana. $92,000 went to the Army Corps of Engineers for costumes for mascots like Bobber the Water Safety Dog. $219,000 funded a study of college  hookups.' 17 February  Obama approves the sending of 17,000 more troops to Afghanistan.26 February  Obama submits to Congress a 140-page summary of his proposed budget for the next fiscal year. The budget restates his commitment to halve the federal deficit, and commits $630bn over the next 10 years to the reform of the health care system.27 February  In a speech at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina the President reaffirms his commitment to withdraw US troops from Iraq by the end of August 2010.3 March  Russia reveals it is considering an implied offer made by Obama last month to drop the US European missile defence plan in return for Russian assistance with Iran. Obama later denies the offer was made, though admits he sent the letter.By the third month of Donald Trump s presidency, the media was in full-frenzy mode over manufactured ties to President Trump and alleged hacking into our elections by the Russians. Every day, a new  unnamed source  was revealed an  unverified fact  about how Donald Trump or his administration was  allegedly  tied to Russian interference in our elections that the press believed ultimately led to Hillary Clinton s loss.  In his third anti-American month as president, the most the media could dig up on Barack Obama, was that his hair was turning grey. 5 March  Newspapers and blogs in the US are abuzz over the possibility that Obama s hair is already turning grey.9 March   The president removes restrictions on funding for stem cell research and a memorandum to protect science from political interference, reversing the Bush administration s strict policy.Barack Obama was only the President of the United States for 3 months (exactly) when he began to cozy up to Iran. At 3 months, he also began his quest to be the entertainment president, or the president who had the closest relationship to Hollywood liberals and hypocrites: 20 March   President Obama releases an historic video message for all those celebrating Nowruz, the Iranian New Year, speaking directly to the leaders of Iran.  Obama appears on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, the first time that a sitting president has appeared as a guest on a late-night talk show. Commenting on his bowling ability he joked  it was like the Special Olympics, or something . He apologises to Tim Shriver, chairman of the Special Olympics, before the programme is broadcast.24 March  Obama publishes an op-ed piece in 30 global newspapers simultaneously, discussing the economic crisis.27 March  Obama announces a new approach to Afghanistan and Pakistan.Obama famously shook the hand of brutal dictator Hugo Chavez in the month of April. The same month marked the beginning of 8 long years of Obama ignoring the North Korean nuclear threat. It was also Obama s first underreported meeting with Russian president Dmitry Medvedev. One of the most reported news stories of the Obama presidency however, happened in April, when the Obama s purchased a dog for their daughters. 1 April  Obama holds a meeting with Russian president Dmitry Medvedev, looking to thaw relations.No mention was made by the media of Russian collusion or who was in the meeting with Obama and the Russian president. 5 April  Hours after North Korea launched a satellite many think was a cover for missile testing, Obama speaks about an end to nuclear arms in Prague. It was his first big foreign policy speech.Obama would continue to ignore the threat posed by North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Un for the remainder of his presidency, leaving President Trump to deal with a much more dangerous and developed nuclear North Korea 8 years later. Obama made his first public proclamation that we are not at war with Islam on April 6th:6 April  Obama speaks to the Turkish parliament, saying the US is not fighting against Islam.7 April  Obama makes a surprise visit to troops at Camp Victory near Baghdad. In his speech he says it is time to hand over control of the country to the Iraqis, who must make political concessions first.13 April  The Obama children get their promised puppy, a six-month-old Portuguese water dog called Bo.On April 6th, Obama attempts to discredit and humiliate the Bush administration. Meanwhile, George W. Bush has quietly slipped into retirement.16 April  The president releases memos from the Bush era detailing torture methods used by the CIA; he says agents involved would not be prosecuted. Dick Cheney has since defended the methods.18 April  Obama addresses the Summit of the Americas at the opening ceremony in Trinidad and Tobago. While there he controversially shakes hands with Venezuela leader Hugo Ch vez, who gives him a copy of Open Veins of Latin America.30 April  Obama rejects waterboarding as a legitimate form of interrogation.10 May  Obama plays it for laughs at the annual White House correspondents  dinner, making a swine flu joke about Hillary Clinton and alluding to the time Dick Cheney accidentally shot his hunting buddy. Ashton Kutcher tweeted (external site) from the front row.13 May  Obama blocks the release of photographs showing torture of prisoners in Iraq and Afghanistan.17 May- Obama is heckled by anti-abortion campaigners during a speech at the Catholic Notre Dame university, Indiana. The president discussed abortion during the speech.20 May  Obama announces a strict new auto emissions policy aimed at getting greener cars on the road.21 May  In an address at the National Archives in Washington, Obama says he remains determined to close Guantanamo and condemns torture interrogation techniques, a day after the Senate rejected the funding bill for the closure of the detention centre. Former vice president Dick Cheney disagreed.2 June  General Motors, the US s biggest carmaker, files for bankruptcy, the biggest manufacturing collapse in US history. Obama s restructuring plan will see the US government owning 60%.3 June  Obama begins a tour of the Middle East aimed at reviving peace negotiations and improving America s standing in the region. He will visit Saudi Arabia and Egypt, before travelling on to Germany and then France, for D-Day events.16 June  The president calls on North Korea to halt its quest for nuclear weapons.17 June   Obama announces an extension of health benefits to cover partners of gay federal workers.18 June  The president is criticised by animal rights group Peta for swatting a fly during an interview.23 June  Obama condemns Iran s reaction to protests against the disputed election there.27 June  Obama s historic climate change bill is passed by Congress.In July, Obama went to Russia to meet with the president for the second time in his first 6 months in office. The media never uttered a word about potential collusion by  unnamed sources.  July also marked the beginning of Obama s quest to force single payer health care on Americans that eventually led to the failed Obamacare that President Trump and the Republican led Congress is now responsible for repealing and replacing. Finally, the last day of Obama s 6 moths in office (July 31, 2009) will forever be known as the official start of Obama s race war on America: 6 July  Obama heads to Moscow for talks with Dmitry Medvedev, which will include discussions on how to reduce their nuclear weapons stockpiles.9 July  Obama attends the G8 summit in Italy, meeting the Pope and Muammar Gaddafi among others.21 July  Obama launches his campaign to overhaul the US healthcare system.22 July  Obama meets Iraqi president Nouri al-Maliki and confirms his intention to remove all US troops from Iraq by the end of 2010.27 July  A team of senior US officials visit Israel to negotiate for an end to Jewish settlements.31 July  Obama enjoys a beer with black Harvard professor Henry Gates and the white police officer who arrested him on suspicion of breaking into his own home, in an attempt to end the race row brewing over the incident.Obama First 6 months timeline via  The Guardian",0
10336,NED RYUN ON WHITE HOUSE LEAKS: “This is not whistleblowing. This is weaponizing classified info to undermine a duly-elected President” [Video],This is spot on! Ned Ryun joined Tucker Carlson to discuss the latest leak regarding AG Jeff Sessions. Do we even have evidence that the source is in fact telling the truth? WaPo went ahead and reported it anyway. Ryun s right when he discusses the Deep State and Mueller subverting the will of the American voter:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-s8sCWnogt4This is dangerous territory and is so harmful to our president and his agenda. Tucker Carlson had more to say on this:  What are these transactions? Basically any commercial activity that Trump or his family and associates conducted over the last decade that might pertain to Russia or anyone who has ever lived in Russia. Let s be clear about the politics here. This is a massive threat to the White House. A determined prosecutor can prove almost anything he wants. A prosecutor with no time limit or budget or accountability to voters? There is nobody more dangerous than that. The investigation has been slammed by very reputable lawyers who happen to be Democrats! This needs to end ASAP!,0
10337,CLEAR DISCRIMINATION: SNAP Still Gives Preference to Illegals Over American Citizens,"THE CENTER FOR IMMIGRATION STUDIES is a great resource for all the facts on illegals and taxpayer dollars. Patty and I were lucky enough to attend a two-day workshop with them in DC. The main fact that stuck with us is that the current immigration system is UNSUSTAINABLE They used facts and figures to lay out the truth for us and it was frightening! This is why it is even more frightening that the feds are STILL giving preferential treatment to illegals when it comes to SNAP.CIS s David North gives us the low down:It s been six months since Donald Trump took office, and some families with illegal aliens get food stamps (the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP) while identical all-citizen families of the same size and with the same income do not receive them.This is not a question of treating illegal aliens like other residents of this country, it is clear-cut discrimination against citizens and in favor of illegals.This long-standing (and peculiar) arrangement is the sort of thing that one would expect to be corrected by the third, if not the first, month of a new get-tough-on-illegal-immigration administration, such as that of the campaigning Donald Trump.I checked with the Department of Agriculture s Food and Nutrition Service this week, the $110 billion-a-year agency that runs food stamps and some other nutrition programs.Two questions were on my mind: 1) does the food stamp program still, under a particular set of circumstances, operate with this anti-citizen bias, and 2) has the Trump administration made an appointment of one or more outsiders to help run the agency?The answer to the second question came quickly: No, but there is a civil servant running the program on an acting basis who was placed in that job by the White House. Does an agency have to have a budget of, say, $200 billion a year before the administration notices its existence?It took a little longer to get the answer to the first question, because the nature of the discrimination is subtle and a lot of professionals in the welfare business do not want to make the distinction between legal and illegal residents of this country.Here s how the system works: Illegal aliens are not allocated food stamps, but if the family is mixed, with some citizens and some illegals, the mixed family still gets some benefits. States are allowed, to some extent, to pick and choose among benefit-determination methods. Most states have chosen a technique that does not record some of the earnings of illegal aliens, while always recording all the income of citizens.Let s look at the system as applied to two similar families who live in adjacent houses; both have incomes of $2,400 a month, both have the same assets, both families consist of a working male, his stay-at-home spouse, and their stay-at-home toddler. The only difference is that one of the men is a native-born citizen and the other is an illegal alien. Everyone else in the two households is a citizen.OK, so far. Now let s walk through Alice s special mirror, and see how the government handles the situation. It sees the three-citizen family as three people and says that $2,400 a month is too high an income for food stamps. It looks at the other family and sees it as a two-member family, because the man is an illegal, and then   here s the key   the government decides that only two-thirds of the family income should be counted, and that $1,600 is not too high for a family of two, hence the family with the illegal alien in it gets food stamps and the other family does not.There are bands of income in which this situation plays out with different sized families, giving benefits to some mixed families, and denying them to all-citizen families of the same size and with the same income. For more on these strange arrangements, see the CIS report  An Aid Program that Routinely Discriminates in Favor of Ineligible Aliens .That s the way it was under Obama, and after I explained the (admittedly bizarre) matter to the Food and Nutrition Service publicist, she told me that it remains that way under Trump.This story is symptomatic of two larger realities. Both the Obama and Trump administrations managed to conduct big immigration operations to their own liking; think of DACA with Obama, and, under Trump, the way that enforcement people were given the freedom to do their jobs.But Obama was much more successful in the minutia of immigration policy than Trump; for years I wrote about this little move to admit a small class of migrants, or that little move that prevented another subclass from being deported. We are not seeing that, or maybe not yet, with the Trump administration. You can t change policy, at least at the retail level, without people to write and push the new policies.So an unknown but substantial number of mixed (illegals plus citizens) families are getting food stamps when equally poor neighbors, who happen to be in all-citizen families, go hungry.Read more and please check out the CIS websiteJESSICA VAUGHAN OF CIS DISCUSSES EXPEDITED REMOVAL OF ILLEGALS UNDER THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION:Please use this website as a resource for facts when it comes to immigration!",0
10338,LIBERAL HACK KATIE COURIC Says Fake News Is “Tearing [America] Apart”…Doesn’t Mention $12 MILLION Dollar Lawsuit Against Her For Producing Edited Story To Push Gun Control [VIDEO],"Katie Couric is a wolf in sheep s clothing. Dan Rather, Brian Williams and Katie Couric will forever be known as some of the worst liars at CBS and NBC, two of the three major news networks where most Americans used to go to get their news.Katie Couric, who still faces a $12 million defamation lawsuit stemming from a deceptive edit in a film she produced, decried the effect of fake news on America during an interview on Thursday.Couric told the New York Daily News she believes fake news is  tearing [America] apart at the seams  while discussing her latest effort cohosting a music and politics event in New York City.  I remember I got sent a lot of stories from friends who were quite educated and were like,  Did you see this?'  Couric said.  And I would say,  Come on, you re kidding, right? This is BS.' She did not mention the controversy surrounding a deceptive edit included in her 2016 film Under the Gun. During one scene in the movie Couric is shown asking a group of gun rights activists from the Virginia Citizens Defense League a question about background checks. The group is then shown sitting in silence for nine seconds with nobody offering a response to the question.  WFBListen to Rush Limbaugh explain why Katie Couric is  not a good person  and  not a nice woman :The makers of a new Katie Couric documentary on gun violence deceptively edited an interview between Couric and a group of gun rights activists in an apparent attempt to embarrass the activists, an audio recording of the full interview shows.At the 21:48 mark of Under the Gun a scene of Katie Couric interviewing members of the Virginia Citizens Defense League, a gun rights organization, is shown.Couric can be heard in the interview asking activists from the group,  If there are no background checks for gun purchasers, how do you prevent felons or terrorists from purchasing a gun? The documentary then shows the activists sitting silently for nine awkward seconds, unable to provide an answer. It then cuts to the next scene. The moment can be watched here:However, raw audio of the interview between Katie Couric and the activists provided to the Washington Free Beacon shows the scene was deceptively edited. Instead of silence, Couric s question is met immediately with answers from the activists. A back and forth between a number of the league s members and Couric over the issue of background checks proceeds for more than four minutes after the original question is asked.LISTEN HERE:John Lott, Jr. explains to The Blaze s Dana Loesch how this  documentary  was rigged from the outset:Under the Gun has been labeled  dishonest politicking in the guise of media coverage,   loose with the facts,  and  a full-length assault on guns and the Second Amendment  by those in the gun community since its debut on May 15.The Virginia Citizens Defense League labeled the deceptively edited segment featured in the film  unbelievable and extremely unprofessional.  Philip Van Cleave, the organization s president, said the editing was done deliberately to make it appear that league members didn t have a response to Couric s question. Katie Couric asked a key question during an interview of some members of our organization,  he said.  She then intentionally removed their answers and spliced in nine seconds of some prior video of our members sitting quietly and not responding. Viewers are left with the misunderstanding that the members had no answer to her question. Nora Ryan, the chief of staff for EPIX, the cable channel that is airing the documentary, told the Free Beacon in an email,  Under the Gun is a critically-acclaimed documentary that looks at the polarizing and politicized issue of gun violence, a subject that elicits strong reactions from people on both sides. EPIX stands behind Katie Couric, director Stephanie Soechtig, and their creative and editorial judgment. We encourage people to watch the film and decide for themselves.  Via: WFB",0
10339,KID ROCK’S INTERVIEW With Piers Morgan Sheds Light On Why Democrats Fear His Run For U.S. Senate [VIDEO],"Former MI Supreme Court Justice and black conservative Bob Young has officially thrown his hat in the Senate race.Firebrand Lena Epstein, female Jewish business owner, Harvard grad, and former co-chair of the MI Trump campaign, has also officially announced her run against Debbie Stabenow. Unlike Kid Rock, who initially got behind Dr. Ben Carson for President, Epstein was in Trump s camp from day one.Last week, Kid Rock sent shockwaves through the political world when he announced his run against Senator Stabenow in the 2018 election.One thing these candidates all have in common is that they all support and align themselves with President Donald Trump, who broke the Democrat stronghold on Michigan voters that s plaguing the state since 1992.Kid Rock did an interview with liberal former CNN host Piers Morgan in 2013. During that interview, it s clear that Bob Ritchie, aka Kid Rock, who is a rock star in more ways that one in the state of Michigan, has many similarities to President Donald Trump.Piers Morgan starts out his interview by pointing out that after he and Kid Rock spent several hours together during his interview, when Rock was asked about his time with Piers, he responded,  Who the (bleep) is Piers Morgan? , giving the impression that the leftist media doesn t really have much value in his eyes, or at the very least, he doesn t hold them in very high regard.Watch:Part II of Kid Rock s interview with Piers Morgan delves into Rock s political views on gun control, abortion, gay marriage and his support for the Republican Party. Although his pro-choice stance won t likely resonate with many Republicans, there will be a number of pro-choice Republicans as well as crossover Democrats and pro-life Independents his pro-choice stance will appeal to. He also touches on Rock s decision to raise his son Robert James Ritchie Jr. by himself, that he fathered with his on again, off again girlfriend he d been dating since the 8th grade.Piers Morgan was enamored by Kid Rock s desire to reduce ticket prices for his concerts so he make a difference by allowing the everyday blue-collar worker to attend his concerts. Piers can t seem to wrap his brain around the fact that a very successful and wealthy entertainer is actually willing to give up a portion of his profit to help out his fans.  Kid Rock doesn t just talk about how he cares about the little guy like Jay Z, Beyonce and Katy Perry, he actually did something to help them out.Piers also asks Kid Rock about his drug use. This is where Trump and Kid Rock are nothing alike. President Trump is not and has never been a drug user, after his older brother died of alcohol abuse related complications, Trump made a decision to never have a drink again.",0
10340,Lunatic MSNBC Reporter: “A paper trail leads directly back to Mike Pence—Pence knew Michael Flynn was a foreign agent”,"This guy is a joke! Scott Dworkin:  A paper trail leads directly back to Mike Pence Pence knew Michael Flynn was a foreign agent  MSNBC is actually ok with this lunatic spouting his BS? A paper trail leads directly back to Mike Pence Pence knew Michael Flynn was a foreign agent  @Funder on #AMJoy https://t.co/mK7L0yJI2Y  Scott Dworkin (@funder) July 15, 2017All you have to do is go on his twitter page and see that he s now calling for an investigation into Trump s new communications director Anthony Scaramucci. Dworkin might want to check into what happened to the three CNN employees who tried to attack Scaramucci. Yes, they were fired from CNN and had to retract the article. This brainiac is all about the money. He s asking for donations to investigate Scaramucci! What a grifter!Time for Trump to hit back at this  Dwork ! Trump is one of the biggest mobsters in the world.  Scott Dworkin #AMJoy pic.twitter.com/joU24OnzDw  Scott Dworkin (@funder) July 22, 2017",0
10341,HYSTERICAL! Maxine Waters for POTUS? “Oh no! We don’t elect poverty pimps!” [Video],"The hysterical Terrence Williams weighs in on the news that  Poverty Pimp  Maxine Waters might run for POTUS: .@MaxineWaters for President 2020  oh no We don t Elect Poverty Pimps https://t.co/H3tl8gmi86  Terrence Williams (@w_terrence) July 21, 2017LARRY ELDER ALSO GAVE HIS TWO CENTS WORTH: If #MaxineWaters runs for president, she may have a few problems.  ~ @larryelder #Tucker pic.twitter.com/pbuqewTUXm  BRIAN FRASER (@bfraser747) July 21, 2017Maxine Waters was just on CNN telling Joy Reid that she is calling for the impeachment of President Trump. She s like a broken record. The people are sick and tired of this constant drip, drip, drip of Russia We know people like Waters refuse to work with Trump. This woman is a grifter and has not done anything for the people she represents. She owns the housing crisis and is on video lying about the bubble that was about to burst:NEVER FORGET! Rep. Maxine Waters and Barnie Frank pushed the false narrative that the housing market was just  fine Please listen to Maxine Waters and others lie about the state of Fannie Mae These people have never been called on the carpet for their corruption!",0
10342,RADICAL UNHINGED TEACHER Finally Arrested and Charged in California [Video],"Please note that this unhinged woman is a middle school teacher!After an eight-month investigation, Yvette Felarca, a middle school teacher in Berkeley, was arrested and charged this week with assault and rioting at a rally in Sacramento last summer. As it turns out, when she s not filling the minds of impressionable early teens, Felarca is punching  Nazis. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuWoQfZgW7MFelarca, 47, is the leader of the fascist antifa group By Any Means Necessary and they were on hand in June 2016 to counter protest a permitted rally by the Traditionalist Worker Party at the California state capitol building. As fists flew, smart phones recorded and caught Felarca punching a man repeatedly in his stomach and yelling at him to  get the f*** off our streets.  What she started, her fascist friends finished, jumping the guy and beating him on the ground before police stepped in.Now, the Sacramento County District Attorney s Office charged her with inciting and participating in a riot and assault likely to cause great bodily injury. Luckily, she was one of the counter-protesters who didn t cover her face, making her easy to identify. Over 300 fascists showed up that day to intimidate 30 members of the worker party who had a permit to be there.Fox News reports:In addition to the June clash, Felarca has been prominent at several other events involving the Occupy movement, and more recently between supporters and opponents of President Trump and other conservative leaders.She was also among the people who protested Milo Yiannopoulos  appearance at UC Berkeley earlier this year. During an appearance on Fox News after the protests, she said she was obligated to shut down his  racist, misogynistic and homophobic  messages.Here s her appearance shortly after the Berkeley riot being indignant and unapologetic with Tucker Carlson:There were others charged in the riot which included multiple assaults and stabbings. However, it was nowhere near the number the California Highway patrol tallied in a 2000-page report on the incident. In total, there were 514 misdemeanors and 68 felonies involving 101 people, according to Milo.com.Read more: Truth Feed",0
10343,WHAT THE MAINSTREAM MEDIA WON’T SHOW YOU: NEW White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci Explains Why He Once Called Trump A “Hack” [VIDEO],"The mainstream media will never show you both sides of the story, so we will In 2015, hedge fund magnate Anthony Scaramucci appeared on Fox Business Network, where he slammed  anti-American  Trump for being  another hack  who will  probably make Elizabeth Warren as his vice presidential nominee.  Scaramucci also delivered a message to Trump while he was on a roll,  You re an inherited-money dude from Queens County. Bring it, Donald. Bring it.  The mainstream media will likely play his comments on a loop, as a way to discredit President Trump and his new pick to replace the outspoken White House communications director Sean Spicer.Scarmucci s emotional comments were in response to what he perceived to be an attack by Trump on hedge fund managers. During his campaign, Trump vowed to reform the tax code to ensure that hedge fund managers paid their fair share of taxes. He called hedge fund managers  paper-pushers,  and said he would seek to help the middle-class by lowering their tax burden. The hedge fund guys are getting away with murder. They re making a tremendous amount of money. They have to pay taxes. I want to lower the rates for the middle class. The middle class is the one, they re getting absolutely destroyed. This country doesn t have won t have a middle class very soon.  Trump told CBS News.After the announcement was made today about the changing of the guard in the White House communication department, Scaramucci appeared on FOX to explain his position. The video below shows the disparaging comments about candidate Donald J. Trump that Scaramucci made on FOX Business Network in 2015, as well as a clip from today showing Scaramucci putting his remarks into context that he made when he was admittedly an  unexperienced person in the world of politics . In addition to apologizing profusely for his misguided remarks, Scaramucci also admitted that he was  supporting another candidate  at the time he made the comments about Donald J. Trump.Watch:.@Scaramucci called @POTUS a hack in 2015.He has publicly apologized today. MSM may choose not to show his apology. Both clips back to back  pic.twitter.com/euEeNWQgbL  Corryn   (@Corrynmb) July 21, 2017After his much-talked about attack on undocumented immigrants, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is now taking on hedge fund managers, vowing to reform the tax code to ensure they pay their fair share. In a campaign marked by his now-trademark bombastic style, Trump called hedge fund managers  paper-pushers,  and said he would seek to help the middle-class by lowering their tax burden.  The hedge fund guys are getting away with murder. They re making a tremendous amount of money. They have to pay taxes. I want to lower the rates for the middle class. The middle class is the one, they re getting absolutely destroyed. This country doesn t have won t have a middle class very soon,  Trump told CBS News. ",0
10344,SEAN SPICER Fires Off Tweet After Resignation as Media Speculation Explodes,"Sean Spicer resigned today from his position in President Trump s administration. He tweeted out after his resignation a very gracious message of thanks:It s been an honor & a privilege to serve @POTUS @realDonaldTrump & this amazing country. I will continue my service through August  Sean Spicer (@PressSec) July 21, 2017It was speculated that it was a blow when the Trump administration announced yesterday that Anthony Scaramucci had joined the Trump administration as White House Communications Director.A few things   Scaramucci move is also a blow to Spicer, who has sought to have comms director report to him, as Dubke did. No chance here  Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) July 21, 2017NYDN reported: Spicer, who will stay on through August, told the President he vehemently disagreed with his choice for the top communications post, and his distaste was evident when reporters approached him about the appointment.ABC News White House Correspondent Johnathan Karl said the former press secretary  slammed the door in my face  when he questioned him on Scaramucci, chalking it up to  strange times. The press is using this move as a sign that the Trump administration is collapsing and in chaos:Chris Wallace:  There is a Game of Thrones quality to this @WhiteHouse; you do have various power centers that are colliding w/ each other.  pic.twitter.com/9mOlVRfxEP  Fox News (@FoxNews) July 21, 2017Chris Wallace speculated about the move with a somewhat negative view of how this will harm communications between Congress and the Trump administration He s clueless!After thanking Sean Spicer, Scaramucci made his first announcement as communications director that Sarah Huckabee Sanders will be the new press secretary:WH Communications Dir. Scaramucci:  Sean is a true American patriot  I love the guy and I wish him well  https://t.co/ZKxpKBPkEw  NBC News (@NBCNews) July 21, 2017Rush Limbaugh concluded his radio broadcast today by saying he thinks Scaramucci won t work in this position. After listening to the press conference, Limbaugh said it s clear that Scaramucci was appointed to make the press understand and  like  President Trump. Not gonna happen!",0
10345,WATCH: TRUMP SUPPORTER DESTROYS “Ghetto” McDonald’s Worker Who Refused To Serve Cop In Virginia,"A uniformed police officer in Virginia said he was refused service at a local McDonald s because he was wearing a uniform, Richmond.com reported.Scott Naff, an officer for the Virginia Department of Game and Inland Fisheries, reportedly paid for his food in the drive-thru line, but was allegedly refused the food when he got to the window. Naff s wife, Cathy, told the newspaper that the employee saw the uniform and told her husband:  I ain t serving no police.    FOXCathy Naff, wife of Officer Naff told her husbands  story on Facebook: The hilarious, outspoken conservative and President Trump supporter Terrence Williams, went off on the  Ghetto McDonald s  employee who refused to serve the VA police officer. If you re on Twitter, Terrence is definitely worth checking out. He s one of the funniest conservatives on social media and he doesn t hold back when it comes to his opinions.Watch:Police Officer was Denied Service by a Ghetto .@McDonalds worker. Give him his burger you cop hater! #BlueLivesMatter. I support the police pic.twitter.com/9QlCuLrAhv  Terrence Williams (@w_terrence) July 20, 2017Here s the most recent update to Cathy Naff s Facebook post that explains what happened after her husband was refused service:",0
10346,JOHN MCCAIN ATTACKS President Trump From Hospital Bed Only Days After Brain Cancer Diagnosis,"Senator John McCain just couldn t help himself. While millions of Americans were praying for his recovery, after he was diagnosed with brain cancer earlier this week, McCain took to Twitter to admonish President Trump over his decision to end a failed program that was supposed to train, fund and arm Syrians to fight Assad and ISIS.The program has been a complete failure and cost Americans millions of dollars.The Hill  In February, 2012, Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), who both serve on the Senate Armed Services committee urged that the United States arm opposition forces in Syria. War-hawks McCain and Graham argued that arming rebel fighters in the country could help beat back a Syrian government with close ties to Iran. Breaking Syria apart from Iran could be as important to containing a nuclear Iran as sanctions,  Graham said at a press conference in Kabul, according to the New York Times.  If the Syrian regime is replaced with another form of government that doesn t tie its future to the Iranians, the world is a better place. Where have we heard that strategy before? Oh yeah in Libya and in Iraq. How did that work out for America and for the Middle East John? McCain was apparently well enough by yesterday to warn tweeted his  sparring partners  in Congress that he d  be back soon  and told them to  stand-by!  Goodness knows, America couldn t survive without the votes and guidance of Trump-hater and leader of the Republican  we don t have to do what the American voters elected us to do  opposition party.I greatly appreciate the outpouring of support   unfortunately for my sparring partners in Congress, I'll be back soon, so stand-by!  John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) July 20, 2017Only one hour later, war-hawk McCain fired back with another tweet admonishing President Trump for ending the failed program created to assist the Syrian opposition. McCain accused President Trump of caving to Russia (proving once again that McCain is anything but a team player when it comes to our president).Reports admin ending prgm to assist Syrian opposition irresponsible, short-sighted& plays into Russia, Assad's hands https://t.co/N7KVqn1VD6  John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) July 20, 2017It s great to know that one of Trump s biggest opponents, who happens to also be a member of the same political party, isn t going to let a life-threatening diagnosis keep him from offering constant criticism of our president h/t Gateway Pundit ",0
10347,Woman Born In NAZI GERMANY Says Trump Doesn’t Remind Her Of Hitler….Rioting Leftists Trying To Shut Down Free Speech Does,"A woman who was born in Nazi Germany says that what reminds her of Hitler more than anything else isn t Donald Trump, but the rioting leftists who are attempting to shut down free speech on college campuses.Ing Andrews lived in Dusseldorf, Germany during the Second World War and spent time hiding in air raid shelters and helping to clean up rubble from destroyed buildings.  InfowarsIf anyone is in a position to have an opinion on the left s hysterical comparison of Donald Trump and Hitler, it s Inga. Here s what she told the Independent Review Journal",0
10348,WATCH: AUSTRALIAN SENATOR Forced To Resign Only Two Days After Video Of Her Breastfeeding While Giving Speech In Parliament Goes Viral,"Australian Senator Larissa Waters recently went viral after she made history by becoming the first woman to breastfeed in the country s Parliament. But Waters resigned today after it was revealed that she has dual citizenship in Australia and Canada, a breach of Australia s constitution for sitting senators.Waters, a member of Australia s Green Party, became an international sensation in May when she breastfed her two-month old daughter in Australia s parliament. The country had only just legalized the practice in 2016, paving the way for a more family-friendly environment in Australian politics.Waters was born in Winnipeg in 1977 to two Australian parents and moved down under when she was just 11 months old. Australia s constitution forbids anyone with dual citizenship from serving as a senator. Waters, who says she was unaware that she held citizenship in Canada, was elected in 2010. I was devastated to learn that because of 70-year-old Canadian laws I had been a dual citizen from birth, and that Canadian law changed a week after I was born and required me to have actively renounced Canadian citizenship,  Waters said at a press conference today. It is with a heavy heart that I am forced to resign as senator for Queensland and co-deputy leader of the Australian Greens, effective today,  she continued.Waters is the second Australian senator who s had to resign in as many weeks.  Gizmodo",0
10349,JUDGE NAPOLITANO AGREES WITH TRUMP: AG Sessions Shouldn’t Have Recused Himself [Video],"Judge Andrew Napolitano reacted to an interview President Donald Trump gave to The New York Times about Attorney General Jeff Sessions  decision to recuse himself earlier on in all matters pertaining to Trump s 2016 presidential campaign:.@Judgenap: Jeff Sessions should not have recused himself or accepted the nomination to be Attorney General pic.twitter.com/3EkfGpQTm0  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) July 20, 2017 According to the Times, Trump said he disagreed with Sessions  recusal and that he would not have nominated him to be attorney general had he known Sessions would have done so.Napolitano said that he did not think Sessions should have recused himself nor should he have accepted the AG nomination: I don t think Jeff Sessions should have recused himself,  Napolitano said.  And I said at the time and I ll say it now   that he probably should not have accepted the nomination to be attorney general. [He] probably should have said,  Mr. President, you know these characters. They re going to investigate the campaign. They ve already been making noises about it. They embarrassed Mike Flynn by selectively leaking portions of conversations he had with the Russians. It s going to make me, Jeff Sessions, a witness at worst. At best, I m going to have to step aside. You want an attorney general who can t control one of the biggest investigations the Justice Department has investigated since Watergate. Judge Napolitano continued:  That s what we have now. We have one of the biggest investigations since that the Justice Department has investigated since Watergate being run by somebody who was not appointed by the president of the United States. So that s President Trump s frustration and I understand that. ",0
10350,DNC CHAIR Pulls Tired Race Card: Claims “Racism” and “Voter Suppression” in GOP Playbook [Video],"DNC Chair Tom Perez is a fear mongering racist who likes to stir up fake concerns for Democrat voters. He s clearly afraid of the voter integrity policy of Trump who wants to clean up voter lists. What s wrong with that? Tom Perez has a long history of fear mongering and racism Judge Jeanine ripped into the Dem Chair tom Perez for his blistering speech (see video below) on how Donald Trump doesn t stand for  our values  and that we must  resist . She asks the questions Perez should answer! JudgeJeanine:  Don t stand for our values ? Pray tell, Perez, what are our values & what it is that you want us to resist? Law & order? .@JudgeJeanine: ""'Don't stand for our values'? Pray tell, Perez, what are our values & what it is that you want us to resist? Law & order?"" pic.twitter.com/voKBMnIlLW  Fox News (@FoxNews) April 2, 2017 OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON PEREZ AND HIS SPEECH ATTACKING TRUMP:Perez has a long radical history connected to La Raza and other open borders organizations. His track record  is full on radical. e s in cahoots with Obama to continue the  fundamental transformation  of America. Anyone who s a Democrat should be shocked that he s taking the party in such a far left direction. Do your research and you ll know why he was the choice for Dem Chair.He just fired all Democrat Party staffers and is bringing in all new people. The party is clearly taking a new direction and it s not a good one for any American. DONALD TRUMP DIDN T WIN WATCH ENTIRE VIDEO:  Republicans don t give a sh*t about people  ",0
10351,AWESOME! PRESIDENT TRUMP Shows Off His Strength…Obama Would Have Hurt Himself Doing This [Video],"Obama would have hurt himself doing this (see video below). The Corning Glass CEO visited the White House with other business leaders and had President Trump test a specialty glass made by Corning called Valor Glass. CEO Wendell Weeks had President Trump press the lever on the old glass and then on the new Corning s Valor Glass.The result was awesome! Weeks told President Trump:  My associate wanted me to inform you a thousand pounds is about the same as a punch from a professional boxer.  Trump exerted 1,000 pounds of pressure!REMEMBER WHEN OBAMA WAS FILMED EXERCISING? HOW COULD WE FORGET!Barack Obama works out at a private gym in Warsaw s 5-star Marriott hotel Ouch! It almost doesn t seem real. He s grimacing with 8-10 pound dumbbells in his hands. How can that be?",0
10352,WATCH Rep. Steve King’s Bombshell Answer on Why Trump’s Wall Hasn’t Been Built Yet [Video],"Rep. Steve King of Iowa was being interviewed by Tucker Carlson when he blurted out that opposition to Trump s wall comes from Speaker Paul Ryan at the 1:00 mark.  So who s obstructing the building of a wall with Mexico? SPEAKER PAUL RYAN and the Republicans who oppose Trump! Drain the Swamp!PAUL RYAN ANNOUNCES BUDGET THAT DOESN T INCLUDE BORDER WALL FUNDS:Paul Ryan nervously giggled during the Republican announcement of the budget and Obamacare replacement this morning. It s interesting to watch all of the Republicans in the video below skip over the elephant in the room by redirecting everyone to other items THEY consider to be positive. Ryan emphasized the funding for border patrol but skipped right over the border wall funding.Why does the left bother with  Resistance  theatrics when the Republican Congress funds their entire wish list anyway?Is funding the NIH (National Institutes for Health) with 2 BILLION dollars a good thing? That bloated and very wasteful item needs to be looked at more closely. Remember shrimp on a treadmill? Drunk monkeys? Yes, this is the organization that gives out YOUR tax dollars to people to do crazy experiments that are honestly wasteful.The other things like funding Sanctuary Cities? Is anyone else puzzled by this?Why are the Republicans constantly trying to appease the Democrats?Please skip to the 5:15 mark in the video:This is a loser spending bill for the American people!",0
10353,"REAL INDIAN, GOP Senate Hopeful Shiva Ayyadurai Just Got Great News…FAKE INDIAN Elizabeth Warren Aligns Herself With Hillary Clinton In New Fundraising Email","Mass Live  Ayyadurai, who announced his Republican U.S. Senate bid in February, said that while he may not be the GOP establishment s candidate, his track record of overcoming barriers and fighting big institutions makes him the best person to take on the high-powered incumbent. I know that Warren   in spite of (what) people think she is   is extremely weak,  he said in an interview.  She s a formidable enemy, but weak in the sense that where she s fundamentally coming from, her basis of where she s coming from, has massive weakness and I know how to expose that weakness. Ayyadurai, 53, moved to the U.S. from India as a child. He compared the Democratic senator and former Harvard University professor to those at the top of India s caste system   a social structure in which he said his family held a low position. If you look at what we have today, we have a neo-caste system and at the top of that heap is people like Warren,  he said.  They are the academics, career politicians and lawyer/lobbyists. And that clan   is extremely spineless, they never expect to be challenged. And I ve challenged them. Last month, Ayyadurai made news when he sent Democrat Senator Elizabeth Warren a DNA kit for her birthday (which she rejected) after Warren was caught lying about being a Native American on a application for a teaching position at Harvard University, allegedly hoping that her fake minority status would place her ahead of other applicants for the job.Senator Elizabeth Warren is not only a liar, she s also not very bright. Warren sent out an email today that was clearly designed to appeal to women. In the email, Warren names the very unpopular Hillary Clinton, not only once, but twice. Warren starts out the email by mentioning Hillary s name in the first sentence:Hillary Clinton said that  it takes a village,  and she was right.  None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community, or lift a country totally alone. Warren used Hillary s name again near the end of her email:Every minute counts to get a campaign off the ground. It mattered the most when the DSCC helped launch my Senate campaign, and when they were there for Hillary when she launched her Senate career 17 years ago.Apparently, Warren missed the dreadful polls showing how the wildly unpopular Hillary Clinton s like ability continues to plummet, even after the race.If Warren stays the course and continues to align herself with Crooked Hillary, the very successful entrepreneur and President Trump supporter Shiva Ayyadurai will no doubt be able to use her embarrassingly bad decision to his advantage.Mass Live- If elected, Ayyadurai said he hopes to bring a sense of innovation to the Senate when it comes to addressing hot-button issues, as well as to look at problems from an engineering and science perspective.Casting himself as a  Lincoln Republican,  the entrepreneur said his campaign platform will largely focus on three areas: immigration, education and innovation.As an immigrant, Ayyadurai said he believes it is important that the U.S. secure its borders, root out so-called sanctuary cities and ensure people enter the country legally.He added that he also supports ensuring parents and students have choices when it comes to public education, and argued that more must be done to address what he called  pay-to-play  academic science research.Ayyadurai, who holds four degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, is the founder and chairman of CytoSolve, a startup that has developed a  computational platform for scalable integration of molecular pathway models  used in drug development.He is one of three Republicans who have filed paperwork with the Federal Election Commission to run for the Massachusetts Senate seat in 2018.To donate to Shiva Ayyadurai s senate campaign, click HERE.Here is Warren s email:Friend  Hillary Clinton said that  it takes a village,  and she was right.  None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community, or lift a country totally alone. I ve seen what a village, a community, and a movement can do, one action at a time. And I ve seen how women can help women   especially when we run for office.I sure remember what it was like running for the Senate as a first-time candidate in 2011. I had to learn everything it took to raise money, build a grassroots organizing operation, and stand up to a Republican incumbent with $10 million in the bank   and I had to do it fast.And here s what I know: I absolutely, positively couldn t have done it on my own.So when the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee told me they wanted a strong launch of the Women s Senate Network for the 2018 cycle, to help women run and make sure more voices like mine and Hillary s are in the Senate, I immediately told them:I m all in.Today, I m asking you to join me in becoming a 2018 founding member of the DSCC Women s Senate Network. Because you were there for Hillary, I m hoping you ll add your name to help us build a community to support women who run for office.Now let me be blunt: 2018 is going to be a hard year for Democrats. We ve got 10 women who are up for reelection to the Senate, including me   more than ever before in history. And many are in some really tough races.That s why the DSCC s Women s Senate Network is ramping up its 2018 efforts early to elect and protect smart, tough, and experienced candidates to fight for what s right   senators who understand that being a woman is not a pre-existing condition, that we deserve equal pay for equal work, and that we sure as heck need Planned Parenthood and affordable health care for hardworking families.Let s continue our fight and get more women in leadership in this country.I m counting on you to keep fighting for what we all started: become a 2018 founding member of the DSCC Women s Senate Network today. You ll even get your very own  Nevertheless, She Persisted  sticker when you do!Every minute counts to get a campaign off the ground. It mattered the most when the DSCC helped launch my Senate campaign, and when they were there for Hillary when she launched her Senate career 17 years ago.And with your help, we can be there for the women who need help defending their seats now and for the next generation of women candidates ready to move into leadership. Early help makes all the difference.Thank you for owning a piece of this.Elizabeth ",0
10354,NEW EMAILS REVEAL HUMA ABEDIN Told to “Show Love” to Clinton Donors…Clinton’s Brother Acted As Go-Between,"Judicial Watch has released documents obtained in response to a court order including emails that show a pay to play game going on between the Clintons and donors: A number of emails show the free flow of information and requests for favors between Clinton s State Department and the Clinton Foundation. What s even more disturbing is the lack of concern for national security in the heavily redacted emails:The heavily redacted documents from Abedin s non-government account include an email from Hillary Clinton s brother, Tony Rodham, to Abedin revealing that he acted as a go-between for a Clinton Foundation donor, Richard Park. And they reveal Clinton Foundation executive Doug Band instructing Abedin to  show love  to Clinton donor Andrew Liveris.The documents included six Clinton email exchanges not previously turned over to the State Department, bringing the known total to date to at least 439 emails that were not part of the 55,000 pages of emails that Clinton turned over to the State Department, and further contradicting a statement by Clinton that,  as far as she knew,  all of her government emails had been turned over to the State Department.The documents are in response to a court order from a May 5, 2015, lawsuit filed against the State Department (Judicial Watch, Inc. v. U.S. Department of State (No. 1:15-cv-00684)) for:  All emails of official State Department business received or sent by former Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin from January 1, 2009 through February 1, 2013 using a non- state.gov  email address. A number of emails show the free flow of information and requests for favors between Clinton s State Department and the Clinton Foundation.In July 2009, in reference to the US-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue, Clinton Global Initiative head Doug Band told Abedin that she  Need[s] to show love  to Andrew Liveris, the CEO of Dow Chemical. Band also asked for Liveris to be introduced to Hillary,  and have her mention both me and wjc . Dow gave between $1 million and $5 million to the Clinton Foundation and Clinton Global Initiative. Band also pushes for Clinton to do a favor for Karlheinz Koegel, a major Clinton Foundation contributor, who wanted Hillary Clinton to give the  honor speech  for his media prize to  Merkel. The emails reveal that on June 19, 2009, Clinton s brother, Tony Rodham, passed a long a letter for Hillary Clinton for Clinton donor Richard Park. Park donated $100,000 to Bill Clinton as far back as 1993 and is listed by the Clinton Foundation as a $100,000 to $250,000 donor Read more: Judicial Watch",0
10355,JESSE WATTERS NAILS IT: You Can’t Drain the Swamp if Your Own Party is “Plugging the Holes” [Video],"Jesse Watters: GOP can t drain the swamp when their own members are plugging the hole. Jesse Watters made an excellent point about Republicans and their failure to repeal Obamacare. The GOP can t seem to get out of its own way. The GOP can t drain the swamp when their own members are standing in the way.Watters nailed it! This is so on point!MSNBC s Joy Reid confirmed what Watters said when she commented on the three women Watters mentioned and called them the  resistance  to Trump:Wednesday on MSNBC s  Deadline: White House,  network host Joy Reid said Sens. Susan Collins (R-ME), Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) and Shelly Moore Capito (R-WV) stalled efforts in the Senate to repeal Obamacare because they are  leading kind of the resistance  to President Donald Trump. (video below)Reid said,  When it comes to politics I think it s such a man s world for so long it s so much of politics driven by men telling women what s best for them. And that has not caught up to the 21st century in a lot of ways. I think the most glaring spectacle we have seen is this 13 member, all male, all white commission deciding what s best for health care, including women s health care. She continued,  These three Republican women are saying no. And these three Republican women are leading kind of the resistance to the bill, even within the GOP. I honestly have to say that, Nicolle, on the trail last year covering the campaign I noticed among white women, in particular, there was not a drive a see a woman in the White House for its own sake. But after the election, suddenly women are saying, wait a minute. We are being taken advantage of. And women are stepping up a little bit as well. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udw2WHtnsqo",0
10356,NANCY PELOSI OFF HER MEDS AGAIN: The Republican Budget “Stirs” Up Violence [Video],"Nancy Pelosi decided to make a connection between the Military budget and the Republican budget saying it  stirs  up violence Notice who is standing behind her in the video all people who come to the feds for a handout from taxpayers. The ironic thing is that it s the military that s SUPPOSED to be funded over any of these leeches.JUST LAST WEEK PELOSI GIGGLED WHILE TALKING ABOUT NORTH KOREAN AGGRESSION: Nancy Pelosi had a strange reaction to a reporter s question about North Korean aggression She giggled!Nancy Pelosi holds a weekly press conference that has become a joke. Every week she does something strange that hits the news. Whether it s giggling or saying Bush is President, you can be sure Pelosi will do something gaffe worthy.Pelosi was fielding questions from reporters during her weekly press conference, and as she finished an answer about arts funding she giggled.A reporter then said,  Kim Jung In has been celebrating their ICBM launch with some cultural  events Pelosi laughed strangely.Pelosi stopped giggling and gathered her composure as the reporter continued she then sighed loudly into the microphone.As the reporter finished asking his question about whether Pelosi thinks the administration will be able to protect the West Coast from an attack, she bizarrely said she s  one of the few members of Congress to have visited Pyongyang. What is wrong with this woman? Term limits please!",0
10357,BREAKING NEWS: Senator John McCain Diagnosed With Brain Cancer…Same Tumor Killed Senator Kennedy,"The McCain family has requested everyone s prayers Sen. John McCain, 80, has been diagnosed with a primary glioblastoma, a type of brain tumor, Mayo Clinic doctors directly involved in the senator s care told CNN.The senator underwent surgery to remove a blood clot on Friday at Mayo Clinic Hospital in Phoenix. Lab results from that surgery confirmed the presence of glioblastoma associated with the blood clot.Glioblastoma is a particularly aggressive tumor that forms in the tissue of the brain and spinal cord, according to the American Brain Tumor Association.A pathologist was in the operating room during the procedure, a minimally invasive craniotomy with an eyebrow incision, said his doctor, who added that the surgery lasted about 3 to 4 hours. Post-surgical brain scans show the tissue causing concern has been completely removed.McCain is recovering  amazingly well,  according to a statement from his office.The senator showed no neurological problems before or after the operation, said his doctors. Though not identified by name, at McCain s request, his doctors were given permission speak with Gupta, who is also a practicing neurosurgeon.McCain is now recovering at his Arizona home. He and his family are considering treatment options, which will likely include radiation and chemotherapy, his doctors said.The surgical procedure McCain underwent is  a significant operation,  said Gupta, explaining that a bone underneath the eyebrow had to be removed to do the procedure and then later put back. It s a very aggressive tumor,  said Gupta. He explained that survival for malignant glioblastoma tends to be around 14 months with treatment, which could not begin until the incision heals, which would be in the next three or four weeks.However, a 2009 study reported that almost 10% of patients with glioblastoma may live five years or longer, according to the American Brain Tumor Association. This is the same tumor that Ted Kennedy had,  said Gupta.  My Fox 8Senator Kennedy was diagnosed with a malignant glioma in May 2008, after being hospitalized following a seizure. A month later, he underwent what was described as  successful  surgery at Duke University Medical Center, Durham, North Carolina, and then received both chemotherapy and radiation after returning home to Massachusetts.Six months after the diagnosis, Senator Kennedy had returned to the Capitol and was working part-time while still continuing with treatment.Senator Kennedy died on August 25, 2009.  Medscape",0
10358,BREAKING: John McCain Diagnosed With Brain Cancer,"News broke a few days ago that there was more to the reported minor outpatient removal of a blood clot above John McCain s eye. Suspicion has been growing that the surgery was more serious but we now know that it s as bad as it gets. Senator John McCain has been diagnosed with brain cancer. Please pray for Senator McCain and his family. No matter what side of the aisle you re on, this is tragic.A brief statement had been released after the surgery saying McCain was  in good spirits and recovering comfortably at home with this family. :TONIGHT S UPDATE IS BAD NEWS:Sen. John McCain, Arizona Republican, has been diagnosed with brain cancer, according to a statement released Wednesday evening by Mayo Clinic. According to the office, the cancer was discovered after some surgery last week to remove a blood clot above his left eye.  Subsequent tissue pathology revealed that a primary brain tumor known as a glioblastoma was associated with the blood clot,  the statement said. The senator s overall health is fine and he is  recovering from his surgery amazingly well,  his office said.  The Senator and his family are reviewing further treatment options with the Mayo Clinic care team. Treatment options may include a combination of chemotherapy and radiation.Many questions have been left unanswered, including whether McCain had symptoms that prompted doctors to look for the clot. In June, his somewhat confused questioning of James B. Comey, the former F.B.I. director, led to concerns about his mental status, which he later jokingly dismissed by saying he had stayed up too late watching baseball the night before. Below is the video of McCain s questioning of Comey:Senator McCain has a history of melanoma, an aggressive skin cancer that can spread to the brain. McCain had a previous surgery to remove melanoma on his temple and his arm.Via: WT",0
10359,DETROIT: IMMIGRANT STEALS $132 MILLION From Medicare…Owns $7 Million Mansion With Indoor Basketball Court…Defense Lawyer Mohammed Nasser Says He’s “Not a flight risk”,"A health care executive cheated Medicare out of $132 million and blew the money on a $7 million Franklin mansion and courtside NBA tickets, and stuffed secret storage units with cash, prosecutors allege.Federal court records and prosecutors provided new details about the inner workings and riches of a health-care fraud conspiracy that ranks among the largest in Detroit history, orchestrated by 37-year-old businessman Mashiyat Rashid. Prosecutors say the conspiracy involved recruiting homeless people as patients, sending phony bills to Medicare, subjecting drug addicts to unnecessary back injections and prescribing powerful pain medication that ended up being sold on the street.The conspiracy generated so much money that Rashid withdrew $500,000 from a bank this month and stuffed the cash in a duffel bag, the government said. A surveillance team of federal agents watched him enter and leave the bank. This was a crime of deceit. His fraud was brazen,  Justice Department trial attorney Jacob Foster said Wednesday during Rashid s bond hearing.  This was about the thousands and thousands of beneficiaries who were taken advantage of in order for (Rashid) to line his pockets. Rashid, who lives in West Bloomfield Township, faces up to life in federal prison if convicted of crimes including health-care fraud conspiracy, money laundering and receiving kickbacks.Rashid is not a flight risk or a criminal, defense lawyer Mohammed Nasser said. He is a venture capitalist and business owner who paid $2.4 million in taxes last year. Rashid moved to the U.S. from Bangladesh when he was 3 years old, graduated from the University of Michigan, is married and has two young children. He doesn t have as much as a speeding ticket,  Nasser said.  He has had absolutely no involvement with the criminal justice system. This is his first parlay into the gamut of criminal law. We are confident this will be resolved. Rashid is a flight risk, U.S. Magistrate Judge Elizabeth Stafford said, noting his international travel, ties to Bangladesh and assets. She ordered Rashid held without bond pending an Aug. 22 trial. This is a uniquely troubling case in a lot of ways,  Stafford said.  The allegation is he basically forced people who may have been addicted to drugs to have unnecessary injections in their back as part of this scheme   things of that nature are very troubling. For entire story: Detroit NewsThe indictment unsealed Wednesday alleges the seven defendants conspired in a scheme involving $131.8 million.The alleged scheme involved paying kickbacks and bribes for services billed to Medicare.Only one of the seven people charged is an Ohio resident, the other six are MI residents. It has not yet been reported if the other six men are also immigrants: Mashiyat Rashid of Oakland County. Yasser Mozeb of Oakland County. Spilios Pappas of Ohio. Abdul Haq of Washtenaw County. Joseph Betro of Oakland County. Tariq Omar of Oakland County. Mohammed Zahoor of Oakland County.",0
10360,US POSTAL SERVICE IN HOT WATER: Broke Law Allowing Employees To Work For Clinton Campaign [Video],"How corrupt is this? The USPS allowed employees to work for Presidential Candidate Hillary Clinton. Can you imagine if candidate Trump did this? There would be hell to pay!The U.S. Postal Service spent $90,000 on overtime to cover for employees who took time off to campaign in advance of the 2016 election, according to a new report. In other words, the American taxpayers made a donation of $90K to the Clinton campaign!Employees at all levels were involved and focused on key battleground states like Florida and Nevada! The OSC determined the USPS  engaged in systemic violations  of the Hatch Act, a federal law that limits certain political activities of federal employees. While employees are allowed to do some political work on leave, the report said the Postal Service showed a  bias  favoring the union s 2016 campaign operation.The investigation was launched months ago after Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Chairman Ron Johnson, R-Wis., brought constituent complaints to the OSC in October. The constituent, identified as a USPS employee, was concerned the Postal Service  incurred unnecessary overtime costs  and  improperly coordinated  with the National Association of Letter Carriers (NALC) when it released members for several weeks of  union official  leave without pay to participate in campaign work. The Labor 2016 program sought to  elect Hillary Clinton and pro-worker candidates across the country,  the report said, citing campaign work like door-to-door canvassing, phone banks and other get-out-the-vote efforts.According to the report, roughly 97 NALC members requested the leave without pay to participate. The NALC, which endorsed Clinton last June, compensated those USPS workers using the Letter Carrier Political Fund, the union s PAC.Postal workers are allowed to take unpaid holidays but government employees aren t supposed to actively campaign for a candidate. The Inspector General is currently investigating whether the postal workers who took time off violated that precept.",0
10361,SICK! NY Attorney General With Ties To Hillary Goes After Female 9-11 Survivor For Trying To Change Women’s Minds On Aborting Their Babies,"Less than one month before the 2016 presidential election, the New York State s attorney general s office ordered the Trump foundation to cease and desist fundraising activities in the state, and said calls for a similar investigation into the family foundation of Trump s opponent, Hillary Clinton, are without merit.A Trump campaign spokesman accused Schneiderman of being a  partisan hack  for investigating the Trump foundation, saying it amounted to  nothing more than another left-wing hit job.  The two have sparred publicly in the past over Schneiderman s investigation of Trump s defunct real estate academy, Trump University.Schneiderman said concerns about the Clinton Foundation s fundraising did not rise to the level of an investigation.He said compliance issues with the Clintons  foundation amounted to  ministerial, routines stuff  such as late filings or missing paperwork, and that the foundation  is properly registered and properly filed,  unlike Trump s foundation.Critics of the Clinton Foundation have called for an examination of the hundreds of millions of dollars from individuals who met with the then-secretary of state after either donating or promising to donate in the future, which included funding from foreign governments.   PoliticoDespite his best efforts, President Trump won the election. Liberal hacktivist NY State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has now turned his attention on bullying and eliminating the free speech rights of 9/11 survivor and pro-life preacher Angela Braxton.The Thomas More Law Center has announced they will defend Braxton against the pro-life bully and Democrat activist, NY State AG Eric Schneiderman.Ms. Braxton, whose iconic photo as a survivor of the 9/11 World Trade Center Terrorist Attack hangs in the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture, is one of fourteen pro-life sidewalk counselors sued by the Attorney General who alleges they harassed and intimidated women at the entrance of an abortion facility, Choices Women s Medical Center, in Jamaica, New York.The Attorney General petitioned the Court to create a sixteen-foot buffer zone around the abortion premises and levy fines, attorney fees and compensatory damages against the defendants.Braxton, who did not consider herself very spiritual at the time, had a life-changing experience on 9/11 when the first plane struck while she was on the 80th floor of World Trade Center 1. Looking back on that fateful day, Angela recalls:She did not die. A few years later she fully committed herself to Jesus Christ and the pro-life cause.Jay Combs, the Thomas More Law Center attorney handling the matter, commented:Rather than fulfill his duty as Attorney General to protect the First Amendment rights of Angela Braxton, the Attorney General, in his press conference, lamented what he called  a sense of entitlement by protestors to run their mouth.  This chilling statement shows that the New York Attorney General is so blinded by his desire to see abortions performed that he has forgotten that the  entitlement  to speak on behalf of the lives of unborn children is a constitutional right protected by the First Amendment.",0
10362,"PRESIDENT TRUMP BLASTS OBAMA: “Obamacare Was a Big, Big Lie! A Lie!… It Was a Lie by the President! …He said it 28 Times!” (VIDEO)","President Trump gathered the Senators in the State dining room today and let it rip on Obama Awesome!President Trump then called on GOP Senators to continue working through recess on repealing and replacing Obamacare:Trump calls on GOP Senators to continue working through August recess on repealing Obamacare:  Frankly, I don t think we should leave town  pic.twitter.com/wf8PWRqn8c  BuzzFeed News (@BuzzFeedNews) July 19, 2017It s a full court press from Trump! He thought the votes were there to pass this yesterday and has said he is very disappointed in the failure of the Senate to pass this Obamacare repeal and replace:In an  impromptu  White House presser during President Trump s lunch with Vice President Pence, Trump drove home how  disappointed  he is about health care:  Let Obamacare fail, it will be a lot easier. And I think we re probably in that position where we ll just let Obamacare fail. We re not going to own it. I m not going to own it. I can tell you the Republicans are not going to own it. We ll let Obamacare fail and then the Democrats are going to come to us.  Why it matters: Trump is acknowledging defeat and now, rather than support Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell s push to repeal with out a replacement bill, he s decided to let Barack Obama s Affordable Care Act remain the law of the land. fast forward and McConnell s straight repeal plan collapses with 3  no votes.  The three no votes came from three women who should really be in the D column: By Tuesday afternoon, three Republican senators   all women   had come out against Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell s plan to push a vote on a clean Obamacare repeal bill   enough to sink it altogether. Sens. Susan Collins (R-ME), Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV), and Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) confirmed they would not vote for a repeal bill that delayed enacting the policy by two years.Susan Collins needs to go!President Trump also said he was  surprised  when Senators Moran and Lee came out as  No s  last night.  We thought they were in fairly good shape. For 7 years I ve been hearing repeal and replace  and when we finally get a chance to repeal and replace, we can t. We are winning the war on the border, we re decimating ISIS  we ve had a lot of victories but we haven t had a victory on health care. I m very disappointed. Once the Affordable Care Act fails, then everyone needs to  come together and fix it,  said Trump. Democrats have no ideas. They have no thought process. All they want to do is obstruct government and obstruct period. Obamacare isn t failing, it s failed. It s gone. ",0
10363,"TRUMP CHALLENGES SENATORS ON OBAMACARE: “Frankly, we shouldn’t leave town.” [Video]","President Trump just called on GOP Senators to continue working through recess on repealing and replacing Obamacare:Trump calls on GOP Senators to continue working through August recess on repealing Obamacare:  Frankly, I don t think we should leave town  pic.twitter.com/wf8PWRqn8c  BuzzFeed News (@BuzzFeedNews) July 19, 2017It s a full court press from Trump! He thought the votes were there to pass this yesterday and has said he is very disappointed in the failure of the Senate to pass this Obamacare repeal and replace:In an  impromptu  White House presser during President Trump s lunch with Vice President Pence, Trump drove home how  disappointed  he is about health care:  Let Obamacare fail, it will be a lot easier. And I think we re probably in that position where we ll just let Obamacare fail. We re not going to own it. I m not going to own it. I can tell you the Republicans are not going to own it. We ll let Obamacare fail and then the Democrats are going to come to us.  Why it matters: Trump is acknowledging defeat and now, rather than support Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell s push to repeal with out a replacement bill, he s decided to let Barack Obama s Affordable Care Act remain the law of the land. fast forward and McConnell s straight repeal plan collapses with 3  no votes.  The three no votes came from three women who should really be in the D column: By Tuesday afternoon, three Republican senators   all women   had come out against Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell s plan to push a vote on a clean Obamacare repeal bill   enough to sink it altogether. Sens. Susan Collins (R-ME), Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV), and Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) confirmed they would not vote for a repeal bill that delayed enacting the policy by two years.Susan Collins needs to go!President Trump also said he was  surprised  when Senators Moran and Lee came out as  No s  last night.  We thought they were in fairly good shape. For 7 years I ve been hearing repeal and replace  and when we finally get a chance to repeal and replace, we can t. We are winning the war on the border, we re decimating ISIS  we ve had a lot of victories but we haven t had a victory on health care. I m very disappointed. Once the Affordable Care Act fails, then everyone needs to  come together and fix it,  said Trump. Democrats have no ideas. They have no thought process. All they want to do is obstruct government and obstruct period. Obamacare isn t failing, it s failed. It s gone. ",0
10364,"WOMAN HOSPITALIZED, UNABLE TO FEEL HER LEGS After FEMALE SOMALI IMMIGRANT Attacks Her For Walking “Unclean” Dogs","Liberals would like everyone to believe that Muslims who immigrate from the Middle East to the West are interested in becoming part of the communities where they live. Nothing could be further from the truth. The attack on an innocent woman walking her dogs by a young Muslim woman, who considered her dogs to be  unclean , reminds us of how diametrically opposed our cultures truly are, and how things will never be the same again for these  welcoming  communities.A middle aged woman had to be hospitalised in Vienna following a brutal beating in broad daylight by a veiled Somali asylum seeker offended by her pet dogs.The victim, named only as Ingrid T., described how she was talking with neighbours at the gate of her garden, accompanied by dogs   her deaf, almost-blind, three-legged Collie mix  sitting peacefully  alongside while 10-month-old  Poco  meandered along an alleyway towards her parents  house   when she  saw a pretty, veiled woman approaching slowly. I knew some people from these countries do not like dogs, so I went to Poco and wanted to pull him back,  the 54-year-old told Krone from her hospital bed in the Austrian capital.The 18-year-old Somali asserted,  The animals are unclean,  Ingrid recalled, stating that her attacker then  grabbed me, spun me around and scratched me  until both women fell to the floor.It took the efforts of three men to manage to pull the asylum seeker away from the Austrian dog owner, who told Krone the assault left her unable to feel her legs.Staff at Wilhelminen Hospital had to operate twice on Ingrid who   her knee smashed in the attack   required an artificial knee to be surgically implanted.The Vienna native told Krone she believed her ordeal came about as a result of clashing cultures, revealing that she had heard the Somali s husband say:  We don t want dogs   they are filthy! With her recovery expected to take a long time, and the migrant attacker lacking any type of liability insurance, Ingrid s lawyer said it is unclear who will pay for damages caused, and noted  This will probably be a precedent.    Breitbart",0
10365,GONE TOO FAR! Rosie O’Donnell Sparks Outrage with Online Trump-Killing Game,"It s no secret that Rosie O Donnell and Donald Trump don t get along. But O Donnell s promotion of an online game where you make the President jump off a cliff has gone too far! Can you imagine if the tables were turned and this was Obama?Push Trump Off A Cliff Again https://t.co/YguB3aG8EP  ROSIE (@Rosie) July 15, 2017Has-been Actress Rosie O Donnell was supposed to move to Canada, right? Instead, she s decided to promote a violent game directed at President Trump. Push Trump Off A Cliff Again,  O Donnell tweeted Saturday in an apparent play on Trump s  Make America Great Again  slogan. The tweet links to a game in which the player can, as O Donnell says, make the president jump off a cliff, again and again.Conservatives expressed outrage as O Donnell s weekend tweet came to their attention.Sean Hannity s blog referred to the game as  gross  and  sick. We couldn t agree more! If you have a sec, please go to O Donnell s twitter page and let her know how sick this is: Rosie Twitter ",0
10366,NEWT GINGRICH: Boost the Economy with This or There’s a ‘Real Danger of Speaker Pelosi’ [Video],"Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich issued a dire warning to Republicans to focus on economic growth or else Nancy Pelosi will return to the Speaker s chair. Gingrich suggested a  large tax cut  by Thanksgiving that would be retroactive .@newtgingrich:  If we don t have economic growth next year, I think we re in real danger of having Speaker Nancy Pelosi in 2019.  #Hannity pic.twitter.com/MfBOFraI0V  Fox News (@FoxNews) July 18, 2017Gingrich suggested:  They have got to pass by Thanksgiving, and get signed into law, by Thanksgiving, a very large tax cut, retroactively designed back to January 1 to make sure that we have enough economic growth in 2018. That Republicans can run as the party of prosperity, of jobs, of higher take home pay, and of economic growth. Next, Gingrich dropped the bomb:  If we don t have economic growth next year, I think we re in real danger of having Speaker Nancy Pelosi in 2019. Trump has been focusing on job growth during his term. He just announced  Made in America  week to promote American jobs and manufacturing in the US. Last week, he shared stats about private-sector job growth, most notably, 42,000 jobs added in mining and logging, a key focus during his campaign in Ohio and Pennsylvania.JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA  pic.twitter.com/HScS4Y9ZJK  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2017",0
10367,"THE GEORGE COSTANZA OF CNN Destroyed On His Own Show: “We have a one-party system, and the media as the other party.” [Video]","CNN Host Brian Stelter was destroyed by former NY Observer Editor Ken Kurson today on Stelter s own show! This was truly epic! Stelter calmly laid out a damning indictment of the mainstream media in the age of Trump Beautiful!Host Stelter pushed back trying to make the claim that the attacks on Trump are just harmless  opinion We all know and have watched the BRUTAL and BITTER editorializing from CNN and MSNBC. It s clearly more than that.HERE S A BIT OF THE TRANSCRIPT FROM THE KURSON/STELTER EXCHANGE:KEN KURSON: So the idea here is that the media has become the opposition to Trump. Just listening to the intro to this show, listening to Fareed s show before it, it s no longer that the Republican point of view holds forth, and the Democrats hold them accountable, and the media covers it. It s that the president and the White House put forth their point of view, the media argues with them, and the Democrats have become totally irrelevant to that discussion. It s a stunning thing to watch unfold during this presidency.BRIAN STELTER: About the irrelevancy of the Democratic party?KURSON: Totally! And the way the press has assigned itself the chore of undoing the results of this election, which they simply don t accept. And I think the shame of it is, we no longer have even a two-party system, which many think is too few. We have a one-party system, and the media as the other party.KURSON: During these breaks, when I watch you go on Twitter. The way journalists reward each other for stabbing and needling there s a new system of reward that is out there for journalists that has very little to do with policy and very little to do with advancing this country.STELTER: Where do you go from that to, the media is the opposition.KURSON: Because when I look at the tone, and the way these attacks are launched, and I ve cited a couple of examples for you, or the way that whenever there s a need for the appearance of balance, NPR will hire some conservative who hates the president. Or the New York Times will go get Bret Stephens, whose main contribution is that he hates the president.Whenever there s the need for the appearance of fairness, there s no real effort to   where are the pro-Trump journalists in the mainstream media? They don t exist! Because the entire mainstream media is against Trump. And that I think is not just bad for American policy. I think it s bad for journalism.STELTER: I think a lot of journalists are against lying, are against deceit. That s where we are right now.KURSON: I m against lying and deceit. I think the function of the journalist to hold the administration accountable is a critical function enshrined in our Bill of Rights. But when you have a system where the most outrageous attack is what s rewarded with likes on Facebook and followings on Twitter, you re setting yourself up.STELTER: Those are opinion columns! Those are opinion columns!KURSON: No, they re not just opinion columns. It s reporters. And they audition for each other, and they audition for popularity.Kurson couldn t be more right! Have you noticed that since the daily White House press briefings are not televised that the questions and tone from reporters has gotten so much calmer and less dramatic? Playing for the cameras to get that gotcha moment has disappeared so the reporters are focused and civil.Wouldn t it be great if the news would return to the facts?Read more: Legal Insurrection",0
10368,CHEVY CHASE ADMITS To Using Position At SNL To Push Democrats Over Republicans To Millions Of Viewers,"Comedian Mark Dice explores the influence so-called comedians have on their viewers when it comes to pushing their political views on fans. As part of his example, Dice shows his viewers a clip from a 1980 interview with leftist comedian Chevy Chase. Chase is not only unapologetic for using his position as a writer for SNL to push his liberal propaganda down the throats of unsuspecting viewers, he s actually quite arrogant about the power he believed he had over his fans on SNL.In the 1980 interview with CNN, Chevy Chase admits to using his position to affect the outcomes of the Gerald Ford   Jimmy Carter election. Chase admits to wanting to take down Gerald Ford and to promote Jimmy Carter:  I just went after him [Ford]. And uh I certainly, and obviously my leanings were Democratic and I wanted Carter in and I wanted him out. And I figured look, we re reaching millions of people uh..every weekend, so why not do it? The CNN reporter seems stunned by Chase s admission asks,  Wait a minute! You mean to tell me that in the back of your mind you were thinking,  Hey I want Carter and I m gonna make him [Ford] look bad? Chase, who seemed very pleased with his arrogant self bragged,  Oh yeah! Mark Dice goes on to expose and destroy the credibility of modern day comedians/propagandists Stephen Colbert and Jimmy Kimmel.Watch:",0
10369,GOP Rep Dave Brat HUMILIATES MSNBC Host Craig Melvin Over Liberal Media Bias…Makes Melvin Wish He Never Interviewed Him [VIDEO],"Republican Congressman David Brat wasn t sitting back and waiting for MSNBC host Craig Melvin to attack him or Republican President Donald Trump. Much to the MSNBC host s surprise, Rep Brat (R-VA) immediately went on offense telling Melvin,  But non one gets to play the innocent here!  Brat went on to explain how the media funds the Democrat Party and yet they expect Americans to believe they are being  objective  when they report the news.  Brat used media donations to Hillary s presidential campaign as an example:  Hillary raised $2 billion dollars in the Hillary foundation from foreign money and CNN and all the biggies never found anything on that. The  Washington Post is great on Watergate, but they missed  Clintongate . It may be because 97% of the donations from mainstream folks (media) go to the Democrat Party. Gee I wonder if that could, ya know, influence the news at all? MSNBC host Craig Melvin attempted to blame the New York Times and Washington Post for the alleged media bias. Melvin then tried to convince his small audience that media bias doesn t exist: Even if that bias did exist   which, I mean, Dave, it doesn t   even if it did   Brat shot back:  If it exists? Now, you got to come clean with me on that one. Brat s best line in the exchange however, came near the end, when Melvin mockingly said,  All of us are in cahoots together .Brat responded:  No, you just have a systematic bias toward liberal outcomes and growing the federal government. It s okay   it s America   I don t know if it s illegal. Watch:",0
10370,BAM! ANN COULTER EXPOSES DELTA: Flight Attendant Group Confirms She Was Targeted,"Wow! Conservative Ann Coulter was in fact targeted by Delta employees who wanted to make the popular Republican uncomfortable. Coulter tweeted out a screenshot of a back and forth that confirms the employees decided to mess with her because of her political affiliation:BEWARE OF @DELTA REPUBLICANS. Texts from a flight attendant: It was political. @Delta still won t give a reason. pic.twitter.com/Tcxp2DlPa0  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 18, 2017In case you missed it: CONSERVATIVE FIREBRAND ANN COULTER DESTROYS Delta Airlines On Twitter For Kicking Her Out Of Reserved Seat There are some people you probably shouldn t cross. Donald Trump is one, and conservative author and political analyst Ann Coulter is the other one Conservative columnist Ann Coulter flew into a fit of fury Saturday after Delta Airlines booted her from her reserved  Comfort+  seat   which comes with 3 additional inches of legroom   and gave it to another passenger.In a two-hour tweeting tantrum,she quoted her exchange with a flight attendant:  Why are you taking me out of the extra room seat I specifically booked?  she asked.Their answer, she said, was  I don t know. Before Coulter posted a picture of the woman Delta gave her extra-legroom reserved seat to, she tweeted this:Suckiest @Delta moved me from my PRE-BOOKED SEAT & gave it to some woman, not elderly, child, or sick. I have pictures so don t lie, @Delta!  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 16, 2017But at least @Delta was nice @ it, summarily snatching my ticket from my hand & ordering me to move w/o explanation, compensation or apology  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 16, 2017The 6-foot-tall Coulter, who is 55, tweeted a picture of the woman who got her aisle seat on the flight from LaGuardia to Florida, noting,  Delta didn t give my extra room seat to an air marshal or tall person.   NYP.@Delta didn t give my extra room seat to an air marshall or tall person. Here s the woman given my PRE-BOOKED seat: pic.twitter.com/iDNB8xXXOd  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 15, 2017The long-legged Coulter, who still appeared to furious about Delta s decision to boot her from her reserved seat with extra legroom, tweeted again to Delta about the  daschund-legged woman  who they gave her seat to:So glad I took time investigate the aircraft & PRE-BOOK a specific seat on @Delta, so some woman could waltz at the last min & take my seat.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 15, 2017Hey @Delta, if it was so important for the dachshund-legged woman to take my seat, she should have BOOKED THE SEAT IN ADVANCE. Like I did.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 16, 2017The sharp-tongued conservative firebrand continued to rip into Delta Airlines in a series of tweets criticizing their customer service:.@Delta motto: ""How can we make your flight more uncomfortable?""  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 16, 2017.@Delta employee questionnaire: What is your ideal job: Prison guard? Animal handler? Stasi policeman? All of the above: HIRED!  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 16, 2017A Delta spokesman said it appeared Coulter was in the same extra-room row, just in a different seat. But he promised to look into it.",0
10371,TRUMP: “Let Obamacare fail… I’m not going to own it.”,"In an  impromptu  White House presser during President Trump s lunch with Vice President Pence, Trump drove home how  disappointed  he is about health care:  Let Obamacare fail, it will be a lot easier. And I think we re probably in that position where we ll just let Obamacare fail. We re not going to own it. I m not going to own it. I can tell you the Republicans are not going to own it. We ll let Obamacare fail and then the Democrats are going to come to us.  Why it matters: Trump is acknowledging defeat and now, rather than support Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell s push to repeal with out a replacement bill, he s decided to let Barack Obama s Affordable Care Act remain the law of the land. fast forward and McConnell s straight repeal plan collapses with 3  no votes.  The three no votes came from three women who should really be in the D column: By Tuesday afternoon, three Republican senators   all women   had come out against Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell s plan to push a vote on a clean Obamacare repeal bill   enough to sink it altogether. Sens. Susan Collins (R-ME), Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV), and Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) confirmed they would not vote for a repeal bill that delayed enacting the policy by two years.Susan Collins needs to go!President Trump also said he was  surprised  when Senators Moran and Lee came out as  No s  last night.  We thought they were in fairly good shape. For 7 years I ve been hearing repeal and replace  and when we finally get a chance to repeal and replace, we can t. We are winning the war on the border, we re decimating ISIS  we ve had a lot of victories but we haven t had a victory on health care. I m very disappointed. Once the Affordable Care Act fails, then everyone needs to  come together and fix it,  said Trump. Democrats have no ideas. They have no thought process. All they want to do is obstruct government and obstruct period. Obamacare isn t failing, it s failed. It s gone. ",0
10372,BOOM! ACTOR JAMES WOODS Has Hilarious Response To Angry Feminist MSNBC Host’s Criticism Of Ivanka’s “Girly” Dress,"The hate for the Trump family by the defeated liberal press is visceral MSNBC political analyst Joan Walsh, a self-proclaimed feminist, questioned what  message  Ivanka Trump was trying to send at the G20 Summit by wearing a pink  girly  dress with bows.Walsh suggested that the dress Trump chose when sitting in for her father at the summit made her look like  property  and undermined her own value. I don t mean to sound sexist, it can be dangerous to comment on what women wear, but the fact that she sat in for her father in a dress that was so incredibly ornamental was such a contradiction,  Walsh said.  In patriarchal, authoritarian societies, daughters have great value. They are property. I think it s really pretty frightening,  she continued.  It s a pink dress with big bows on the elbows that s not a dress that s made for work. MSNBC host Thomas Roberts pushed back and asked if Walsh was suggesting that women can not dress in a feminine manner and be taken seriously. You can be a feminist and be girly, we all have our girly days, but showing up, taking your father s seat in a pink dress with big bows on the sleeves is a really interesting message,  Walsh argued.   Daily Caller Ivanka Trump-Kushner can be seen wearing the beautiful pink dress in the tweet below, that MSNBC host Joan Walsh criticized. Pictured from left to right: Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, World Bank President Jim Yong Kim, President Donald Trump, Ivanka Trump, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany.MSNBC's ""diva of snark"" Joan Walsh trashed Ivanka's 'girly dress', huh? Any wonder MSNBC ranks 13th in its time slot? pic.twitter.com/C57210HHWP  CAP (@CAP741776) July 16, 2017Conservative actor James Woods didn t waste any time responding to the idiocy of the remarks made by the feminazi MSNBC host. Wood s killed two birds with one stone, as he mocked the MSNBC host while also mocking the always masculine style of open-borders German Chancellor Angela Merkel.I mean, you only notice it because she's surrounded by a bunch of guys  https://t.co/1r8bB2WOhM  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) July 17, 2017",0
10373,NEW AUDIO RELEASED Moments After Muslim SOMALI-IMMIGRANT Cop Shot and Killed 40-Yr Old ‘Bride-to-Be”,"Somali immigrant and Minnesota police officer Mohamed Noor shot and killed a 40 yr. old Australian woman when they arrived at her home to respond to a call she made about a potential sexual assault near her home. Officer Noor has only been a police officer for 2 years, and although he is celebrated by the local mayor for being a Somali immigrant, he is no stranger to controversy. He currently has two open complaints that have filed against him and one that has been dismissed without any disciplinary action from the Minnesota Police Department.Many are struggling to understand why the 40-year old Australian citizen Justine Dramond, who was set to be married to a US citizen, was shot in her pajamas after calling to report a crime near her home.Zach Damond, would-step,son of Justine was interviewed a woman who identifies herself as  Bethany  and then shamelessly went on to plug the Women s March of Minnesota  before asking Zach about his deceased mother. Zach, who is understandably emotional about the murder of father s fianc , tells  Bethany  that  America sucks  and  F*ck the police.  Zach clarified his statement saying, Some of you are good, but like I m just done. I m so done. This has to stop. This has to stop. That was my mom. Watch:Dramond, born Justine Ruszczyk but took her fiance s last name ahead of their nuptuals, called police Saturday night to report a possible sexual assault behind her home.She was in her pajamas when the police cruiser, driven by Harrity, arrived at the scene.The officers were speaking with Dramond when Noor fired across Harrity, hitting the 40-year-old woman in the abdomen. Harrity was  stunned  his partner opened fire, police sources told local NBC affiliate KARE.  NYDNEngaged to be married in August, with a fiancee and soon-to-be stepson, Damond had her whole life ahead of her. She had moved to America, friends back in Sydney said, to follow her heart.She was engaged to Don Damond, who works as a vice president and general manager for a Minnesota casino. Back in Australia, Damond was the daughter of a prominent bookstore owner.Don Damond on fiance Justine #justinedamond pic.twitter.com/4c5uh3Y10o  MNN Newsroom (@news_MNN) July 17, 2017Don Damond told the news media on July 17 that the family s hearts were broken.   HeavyThe shooting sparked outrage, particularly because the officers  body cameras were not on.Two of the three complaints in Mohamed Noor s police file are active, according to the Minneapolis Star-Tribune. One was closed without discipline.Details of the complaints are unclear.But the 31-year-old cop, who joined the force in 2015, is being sued for a May 25 incident in which a woman claimed he  grabbed her right wrist and upper arm  and injured her as he and other officers transported her to the hospital.  NYPHere is the newly released audio of the shooting, only moments after the incident took place: ",0
10374,REPORT: NJ GOV Chris Christie’s BIG ‘Mistake’ That Cost Him WH Job,"Chris Christie knows how to create awkward political moments that s for sure! (*SEE PHOTO GAFFE GALLERY BELOW) Remember the game hug? The VERY awkward moment behind candidate Trump where he just stood there with a blank stare? His latest and most awkward political moment has to be  Beachgate  where he was captured lounging with his family on a NJ beach after closing it to the public. Ouch! We re just happy he wasn t hired by President Trump but was let go by Jared Kushner. Wheeew!In previous reports, we ve also discussed the election night gaffe of a bold Chris Christie shoving his way into photos with newly elected President Trump (see photo above). The word was that the president wasn t too happy about this and that this behavior cost Christie a position with the new Trump administration. The Christie  Bridgegate  scandal was another factor that s been reported.  The newest revelation exposes the ultimate mistake from Christie:Chris Christie made his  ultimate mistake  with Donald Trump when he bragged about talking to President Obama on election night and offered to let Trump   an infamous germaphobe   use Christie s cellphone to talk to Obama. If you win, he s going to call my phone, and I ll pass it over to you,  Christie said, according to excerpts of a new book obtained by the Daily Mail.A visibly angry Trump snapped at his top campaign aide: Hey Chris, you know my f king phone number. Just give it to the president. I don t want your f king phone,  Trump fumed.Christie, who never received a role in the White House despite his steadfast support for the president,  wouldn t recover  from the phone debacle, the report said.Christie made yet another critical mistake when he  pushed himself  into photos with Trump on election night.Trump s son-in-law Jared Kushner   whose father was prosecuted by Christie, then a US attorney in New Jersey   gave the Garden State governor the ax right after Trump s victory.We have to say that after the latest Chris Christie gaffe of  Beachgate  where he closed the NJ beach to the public BUT opened it to only his family has us convinced that Trump and Kushner did the right thing! MAN HUG AWKWARD!STANDING BY TRUMP WITH BLANK STARE:CAUGHT ON THE BEACH WITH FAMILY AFTER CLOSING BEACH:Via: NYP",0
10375,"WHOA! RAND PAUL, NEWT GINGRICH RIP OBAMA’S National Security Advisor, Benghazi Video Liar, Susan Rice For ABRUPTLY Backing Out Of House Testimony [VIDEO]","Susan Rice will not visit Capitol Hill today for a meeting with the House committee probing allegations she  unmasked  President Trump associates in Russian meddling probes.Hmmm If Democrats really wanted to get to the bottom of their  Trump-Russia collusion  witch-hunt, it would certainly make sense that Rice would be jumping at the opportunity to testify at the House hearings.Rice had been expected to face tough questions on her role in the matter while serving as then-President Barack Obama s national security adviser. Trump alleges Rice may have committed a crime by asking government analysts to disclose the names of his associates documented in intelligence reports.Fox News was initially told Rice would be giving closed-door testimony Tuesday before the Republican-led House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.But that session has apparently been postponed.The panel is leading one of several investigations into Russian meddling in the 2016 White House race, which have engulfed the Trump administration and evolved to include questions about whether anybody on Trump s campaign team colluded with the Kremlin to defeat Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.Ohio GOP Rep. Jim Jordan last week told Fox News that he wants Rice to answer the basic question:  Did you unmask the names and if so why? He also argued that Americans indeed deserve to know the truth about the Trump associates but they also want answers from high-ranking Obama administration officials who may have misled Americans on critical matters   including Rice, as U.S. ambassador to the U.N., saying the fatal 2012 Benghazi terror attacks were largely  sparked  by an anti-Muslim video. The American people want to get the truth on all of these issues,  said Jordan. He also raised concerns about how Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch handled the Clinton email investigation and whether James Comey exposed classified information in an apparent effort to retaliate against Trump firing him as FBI director.Rice has denied that she did anything inappropriate, saying she was authorized as Obama s national security adviser to seek the identities of people whose names were redacted from intelligence reports.And she has suggested that her race and gender may be playing a role in the controversy, in a recent New York Magazine interview.   Fox NewsIt would be more shocking to the American people if Rice didn t use her race and gender as an excuse for committing heinous crimes against American citizens. It s the only card left in the deck for a cheating, lying and deceitful administration with their backs firmly against the wall Fox News legal anchor Gregg Jarrett said Rice is lying. Jarrett goes on to explain exactly how Rice potentially committed 3 felonies:So THIS is why Susan Rice refuses to testify: she knows she committed three different felonies for Obama! #LockHerUp pic.twitter.com/fg37CijZPu  Newt-Trump Fan Club (@NewtTrump) July 18, 2017Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) told Obama sycophant and Trump-hater Mika Brzezinski on MSNBC s  The Morning Joe  that he believes Susan Rice  abused the system and she did it for political purposes. Rand told Brzezinski that Susan Rice  needs to be brought in and questioned under oath.  Of course, Mika defended Rice, and then quickly qualified her obviously biased defense of Obama s former NSA director by saying she wasn t defending her.RAND PAUL: Drag Susan Rice in   make her testify under oath! ""Ask her whether Obama ordered this or knew about it."" https://t.co/RtjTt7jnbX  Newt-Trump Fan Club (@NewtTrump) July 18, 2017Fox News contributor Newt Gingrich rips former NSA director Susan Rice over her spying on candidate Trump and the unmasking of his transition team. Gingrich likened Susan Rice and Barack Obama spying scandal on Trump to  some third-world dictatorship  and called it  an extraordinarily dangerous situation.  Gingrich went on to explain how much more serious the spying activities of Obama and Susan Rice were in comparison to Watergate:  You have the power of the federal government looking into what the opposition is doing, in a way, in which I pointe out earlier. All of Watergate involved one physical break-in, one time. This apparently involves electronic break-ins over months. NEWT: Susan Rice spying on Trump ""was like some third-world dictatorship   way bigger than Watergate.""Lock her up! pic.twitter.com/OY9hAXnm7P  Newt-Trump Fan Club (@NewtTrump) July 18, 2017",0
10376,BITTER BRZEZINSKI and AP Reporter Go Low in Snarkfest on President Trump: ‘So He Doesn’t Look Like an Idiot’ [Video],"MSNBC s Mika Brzezinski had a  snarkfest  with AP reporter Julie Pace during a series of questions that culminated in her saying that President Donald Trump s actions on Obamacare made him  look like an idiot.  These two just brought journalism to a new low with this exchange:Pace was speaking about the reasons why Republicans were unable to pass a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare. Pace said that the White House had people connected on Capitol Hill who knew that the bill was in trouble. Trump expressed confidence in the bill s passage as late as Monday afternoon.Brzezinski asked:  Who s talking to the president before he gets out in front of the cameras at the White House with the vice president behind him saying  This is going to be good  an hour before this goes down in flames? Does the right hand know what the left is doing, at all? Is anybody speaking truth to this president? It s not even truth to power. Are they telling him what s going on so he doesn t look like an idiot? WHAT S PRESIDENT TRUMP SUPPOSED TO DO WITH SNAKES LIKE McCONNELL AND OTHERS? NOT TO MENTION THE DEMOCRATS WHO REFUSE TO WORK WITH THE PRESIDENT! This is where the AP reporter gets snarky on the president s moves. She s referring to the tweets Trump sent about Mika in this next exchange:  I think that you know this better than anybody. You can say anything to the president that you want, you can try to speak truth to power, and he will get up there and say something completely different if he feels that way. PRESIDENT TRUMP TWEETED:",0
10377,LEFT-WING AUTHOR Blasts Democrats for “Scandal-Mongering”: “Rachel Maddow’s dots may never connect.” [Video],"While many on the left continue to accuse President Trump and his administration of colluding with the Russians, one well-known progressive thinker said such actions hurt their cause. Author Max Blumenthal said he s skeptical of the Russia narrative, remarking that  Rachel Maddow s dots may never connect. Blumenthal called Trump the  apotheosis of a failed political establishment,  saying the Russia story is simply a cover for establishment Republicans and progressive Democrats to be able to avoid  do[ing] anything progressive. He accused both parties of  scandal-mongering  and criticized the left for abandoning their anti-war ideology just to attack the president. He and Tucker Carlson discussed how some Democrats have advocated supporting insurgent elements in Syria for the sake of irritating Vladimir Putin. Blumenthal, the son of former Clinton adviser Sid Blumenthal, warned such behavior on-the-whole will have  long-term consequences for the left in this country. Max Blumenthal is a known progressive who s calling out his own party for the constant Russia-Trump bashing. He confronts Rep. Jamie Raskin on the Russia scandal:Max Blumenthal Grilled a Maryland Democrat on Lies About Russia Scam In Epic Interview:  I think we should tell the people the truth  [Video]This is hysterical! Blumenthal is awesome even though he s a leftist A rarity! Note at the end of the video that he calls out Raskin for saying  Trump is a Russian hoax Earlier in July he proposed a panel to oust President Trump: Pointing to the outcry over President Donald Trump s latest controversial tweets, freshman Rep. Jamie Raskin is urging his colleagues to get behind a bill that could potentially oust the President if he was mentally or physically unfit.The Maryland Democrat wants to create an 11-member commission made up of mostly physicians and psychiatrists   more formally called the  Oversight Commission on Presidential Capacity.  The panel would carry out a medical examination and determine whether the President was physically or mentally able to do the job. Two of the commission s members would also be former high ranking officials, such as presidents, vice presidents, attorneys general or secretaries of state. It s a provocative and long-shot effort, but Raskin is citing as his legal backup the 25th Amendment of the Constitution, which was adopted in 1967 after the assassination of President John F. Kennedy to establish procedure in the case a president is incapacitated. About two dozen Democrats have signed on to the effort as of Thursday. Raskin is zeroing in on one section of that constitutional amendment, which allows the vice president to assume powers if either the majority of the Cabinet or  such other body as Congress  finds that the President is  unable to discharge the powers and duties of office.  (The vice president would also have to agree to the assessment of the President s abilities.) Raskin is proposing his commission to serve as that  body. Raskin is a freshman in Congress Let s hope the people of Maryland kick him out after one term. It s obvious he s a liar and doesn t respect the office of POTUS. ",0
10378,WOW! “N” Word Used On Walmart Website To Describe Color Of Wig,"Walmart was apologizing on Monday after an appalling description of a product by a third-party vendor made its way onto the retail giant s website.The retailer was slammed early Monday after the color of a netting weave cap   used as a protective layer between a person s hair and sewn-in hair extensions   on its site was described as the color  N  Brown. Twitter user Kwani Luni tweeted a message about the wig color on WalMart s website, asking them  @Walmart what are you doing? Hey @Walmart what are you doing? pic.twitter.com/ermxukU5BX  Kwani Lunis (@KwaniALunis) July 17, 2017@Walmart replied to Kwani Lunis: pic.twitter.com/OL19g3Hmcq  Kwani Lunis (@KwaniALunis) July 17, 2017 Shortly after the controversy erupted, Walmart removed the racial slur and replaced the  Add To Cart  button with a message stating that the item was no longer available.A Walmart spokeswoman later apologized for the listing in a statement to The Post. We are very sorry and appalled that this third party seller listed their item with this description on our online marketplace,  spokeswoman Danit Marquardt wrote in a statement.  It is a clear violation of our policy, and has been removed, and we are investigating the seller to determine how this could have happened.   NYP",0
10379,SYRIAN MUSLIM IMMIGRANT HAIRDRESSER SLITS Female Employer’s Throat After Media Hailed Him As “Example Of Successful Integration”,"She wanted him to assimilate. She gave him a good job. She trusted him and offered the chance to prove he was willing to be a good employee. He slit her throat. There was nothing special or unique about Mohammad Hussain Rashwani, he was just another Muslim immigrant looking for a better life who had no interest in assimilating. Slitting his employer s throat is how Rashwani chose to show his gratitude for her trust in him.Mohammad Hussain Rashwani was hailed in the media as the  paramount example of successful integration  after he got a job as a hairdresser at a salon in Herzberg, Germany in late 2015.After a little over a year on the job, he decided to slit his female employer s throat.From Lausitzer Rundschau as translated by Gates of Vienna:  For me there weren t any signs that I could see Herzberg s hairdresser speaks about the knife attack by her Syrian employeeHerzberg s master hairdresser talks about what is motivating her these days since the attack by her Syrian employee two weeks ago.Should she have seen this attack against her coming? She keeps asking herself this question over and over. And she can t find an answer.  Even today, I do not know what I should think. Until that Wednesday evening, he was an endearing man. I believed up to the very last minute that something good could come of him because I appreciated his professional abilities very much,  Ilona F. says.The Herzberg woman doesn t want to talk about the attack itself; her thoughts are much more circling around  why  again and again.  Did I intervene too much? Was I too strong for him? Did we, my husband and I, organize too much for him?  These and other thoughts are constantly crossing her mind. But there weren t any signs that the Damascus-born Syrian maybe had other plans. His mother, which whom Ilona F. was in contact, had repeatedly written how grateful her son was for the chance that he received and how much he had respected the  she-boss .  He even assured my husband and me personally of this. Yet still, something had to have happened to him that made him commit this terrible bloody deed.  For me, there were no signs that something like this could happen,  the 64-year-old says, looking back. But, she admits, he had changed considerably in the past few months. Ilona F. explains:  We had invested a lot of time in him after our spectacular beginnings, and we had helped him in every way possible. We had plans. He is an outstanding hairdresser. The customers were super-happy with his work. Until the very last minute I had believed that things were going to work. Here s where the story that is all too typical of Muslim immigrants starts to take shape:Even then changes started to set in. He, a Muslim who until now did not seem in any way a devout believer, had began to talk about Allah more and more. This certainly got on her nerves for over time. He also quit visiting the hairdresser and her husband at home. Before the changes he came by almost every day. They had talked about everything, professional and private. But he had begun to neglect his study of the German language more and more.  He kept assuring me that he wanted to learn the language, but later. More and more he said later this, later that, when we talked about his future,  the businesswoman recounts.And then there were also problems in the salon. Mohammad H. came to work too late more often; he didn t take time very seriously. He became very reluctant to drive to work at Sch newalde, where his boss owned a second hair salon. And during the week the attack took place, he outright refused to go.After a disagreement in the Herzberg salon, when a customer was unhappy with the work of the Syrian hairdresser, she had given him notice that they had to talk.  I knew it couldn t go on like this. But immediately the question arose in my mind, what would become of him if I were to throw him out. After all, I still believed in him. That this by now was a fatal mistake is something the Herzberg woman is only slowly beginning to realize.  That I could have been so wrong in my judgment of another person,  she shakes her head.  Actually, I feel really sorry for him.   Information Liberation ",0
10380,ANGRY LEFTIST Grills Democrat On Russia Scam In Epic Interview: “I think we should tell the people the truth” [Video],"Max Blumenthal is a known progressive who s out to get his own party for the constant Russia-Trump bashing. He confronts Rep. Jamie Raskin on the Russia scandal:This is hysterical! Blumenthal is awesome even though he s a leftist A rarity! Note at the end of the video that he calls out Raskin for saying  Trump is a Russian hoax Earlier in July he proposed a panel to oust President Trump: Pointing to the outcry over President Donald Trump s latest controversial tweets, freshman Rep. Jamie Raskin is urging his colleagues to get behind a bill that could potentially oust the President if he was mentally or physically unfit.The Maryland Democrat wants to create an 11-member commission made up of mostly physicians and psychiatrists   more formally called the  Oversight Commission on Presidential Capacity.  The panel would carry out a medical examination and determine whether the President was physically or mentally able to do the job. Two of the commission s members would also be former high ranking officials, such as presidents, vice presidents, attorneys general or secretaries of state. It s a provocative and long-shot effort, but Raskin is citing as his legal backup the 25th Amendment of the Constitution, which was adopted in 1967 after the assassination of President John F. Kennedy to establish procedure in the case a president is incapacitated. About two dozen Democrats have signed on to the effort as of Thursday. Raskin is zeroing in on one section of that constitutional amendment, which allows the vice president to assume powers if either the majority of the Cabinet or  such other body as Congress  finds that the President is  unable to discharge the powers and duties of office.  (The vice president would also have to agree to the assessment of the President s abilities.) Raskin is proposing his commission to serve as that  body. Raskin is a freshman in Congress Let s hope the people of Maryland kick him out after one term. It s obvious he s a liar and doesn t respect the office of POTUS. ",0
10381,PRESIDENT Promotes Made in America: Omaha Steaks Owner “Wanted to Kiss Me” for Reopening Trade with China [Video],"President Trump was sporting a Commemorative Stetson hat today when he introduced the  Made in America  week starting with Omaha Steaks. He has a great one-liner  in the video below this one about opening the beef trade again with China:  The gentleman who was in charge of Omaha Beef. They do beef. He hugged me and he wanted to kiss me so badly. OPENING REMARKS:President Trump says Omaha Steaks CEO  wanted to kiss me so badly  for opening beef trade in China https://t.co/LQEanwTWY8  NBC Politics (@NBCPolitics) July 17, 2017President Trump admiring a Made in America baseball bat:President Trump admires a baseball bat during  Made in America  event:  It s so beautiful   I love to play baseball  https://t.co/zvYjE7EG1e  NBC Politics (@NBCPolitics) July 17, 2017President Trump mentioned Senator John McCain: We hope John McCain gets better very soon. We miss him. He s a crusty voice in Washington, plus we need his vote.  https://t.co/ZSpibzJlG2  NBC News (@NBCNews) July 17, 2017",0
10382,"JESSE WATTERS LIKE YOU’VE NEVER SEEN HIM BEFORE! Watch Him Rip Into Juan Williams Over Calling Trump Family “Unpatriotic”…Schools Him On Corrupt Democratic Party Ties To Communism, On Crooked Hillary and Barack Obama","Fox News   The Five  host, Jesse Watters let loose on liberal crybaby co-host Juan Williams during their most recent show. Waters lost it over liberals who would dare to call President Trump and his family  unpatriotic . Watters started his rant by saying, I m very sick of the Democrats calling the Trump family  unpatriotic!'  He went on to say that the left are  now the McCarthyites .He was only getting started however. Watters then gave Juan Williams a history lesson that just about blew the doors off the Fox News set.Watters to Williams:  Let s remember what party defeated the Soviet Union, while the Democratic Party was trying to appease and mimic Communism. Party. Democrats have been cozying up to dictators and our enemies for years. Giving the Iranians billions of dollars, giving North Koreans billions of dollars. Shaking Hugo Chavez s hand, shaking the Castro s hands.  The Clinton s were taking money from Chinese nationals in 1996 reelection campaign and then selling satellite technology to the Chinese that enabled their missile program to blow up. The media colluded with the Democrats, letting Hillary cheat during the debates. President Obama, palling around with domestic terrorists, sitting in the same church as an American-hating preacher. The Democrats undermining the military. Juan Williams attempted to break in and stop Watters, but Jesse was on a roll and he wasn t giving up.Watters continued,  Giving birth to ISIS. Lying about a terrorist attack. It was at that point, that Juan Williams was practically begging for mercy!  Stop, stop! How much more can we take. Watters finished his rant by telling Williams,  Donald Trump s family has done more for this country than any Democrat elected official. He s provided more jobs in the real estate industry, in the fast-food industry, in the fashion industry, in the hotel and casino industry. He s created more wealth than anybody in this entire  So to smear them as the  mafia  or  unpatriotic  is shameful.  And I think everyone needs to wake up and realize, that this family s a patriotic family and what s happening now is a coup against the will of the American people! Watch: VIDEO: Jesse Watters shuts Juan Williams up   gives him a history lesson on the DEMOCRATS' connections to Russia! pic.twitter.com/e3E2O330V8  Newt-Trump Fan Club (@NewtTrump) July 16, 2017Well done Jesse well done!!! ",0
10383,CHILDISH CNN HOST Refuses To Call Trump Her President: “He’s YOUR President” [Video],"Low blow! Political hack Angela Rye refused to say that President Trump is the president of the United States during a CNN interview this morning. This bitter woman is truly childish. This is the same former exec director of the CBC who said Trump gained success off the backs of  poor people  (SEE VIDEO BELOW).Arguing with former Rep. Jack Kingston (R-GA), Rye said,  There are a lot of things that your president has done to defy logic. Your president, too, Angela. Your president too,  Kingston responded with a smile. He s YOUR president,  Rye shot back. The president of the United States,  CNN host John Berman said as he concluded the segment, seemingly agreeing with Kingston.The tone from liberals on Trump s legitimacy differs greatly from the president s own attitude toward former President Obama. Speaking at CPAC in 2011, Trump told the anti-Obama crowd that  He is our president. THIS IS THE SAME WOMAN WHO SAID REPARATIONS AREN T UNAMERICAN: Angela Rye, former executive director of the Congressional Black Caucus, is one angry woman! She spews racist talking points like crazy without much rebuke from Carl Higbie. Rye makes a claim that Trump achieved his success off of the backs of  poor people : The very people who you re talking about who you think are looking for free gifts and handouts are people who have been disenfranchised since they got off the slave ship in this country.    Angela RyeCNN NEEDS TO DITCH THIS ANGRY WOMAN FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN MAKE VALID POINTS: ",0
10384,WOW! Do Anti-Trump Protesters REALLY Know What They’re Protesting? [Video],"Wow! Talk about clueless! Austen Fletcher approaches anti-Trump protesters and gets clueless answers on why they re against Trump:Thought you might enjoy this  @PrisonPlanet @allidoisowen @JackPosobiec pic.twitter.com/kdYm2WlfdB  austen fletcher (@fleccas) July 17, 2017One individual in a Spiderman mask crouching on the floor begins rambling semi-incoherantly, stating,  No Trump says no to racism. Let s have a color-filled America, a melting pot, like America was supposed to be built on,  he adds. The man is then asked by Fletcher,  What about the diversity you re seeing on the Trump side? There s blacks, Hispanics, gays for Trump, there s a lot of different people that support Trump?  Via: InfowarsHere s yet another video from Fletcher that proves the left is clueless and just protesting like sheeple:If You Thought Liberal Protesters Were Inarticulate, Uninformed & Indoctrinated, You Are Wrong OK, That s A Joke   YOU RE RIGHT!!ENJOY pic.twitter.com/9zBT49gFPA  Love America (@POLITICSandFUN) July 16, 2017Please check out and follow austen fletcher on twitter!",0
10385,"50-YR OLD HAITI OFFICIAL, Slated To Testify Against Clinton Foundation Corruption Next Week, Found DEAD In Miami With “Gunshot to the head”","One man was set to testify against the Clinton Foundation next week. That man was 50 year old former Haitian government official Klaus Eberwein. He was found dead in his Miami home with a  gunshot to the head  that s been ruled a  suicide  by the Miami-Dade s medical examiner records supervisor. (Think Vince Foster)Klaus Eberwein, a former Haitian government official who was expected to expose the extent of Clinton Foundation corruption and malpractice next week, has been found dead in Miami. He was 50.Eberwein was due to appear next Tuesday before the Haitian Senate Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission where he was widely expected to testify that the Clinton Foundation misappropriated Haiti earthquake donations from international donors.Eberwein, who had acknowledged his life was in danger, was a fierce critic of the Clinton Foundation s activities in the Caribbean island, where he served as director general of the government s economic development agency, Fonds d assistance  conomique et social, for three years.According to Eberwein, a paltry 0.6% of donations granted by international donors to the Clinton Foundation with the express purpose of directly assisting Haitians actually ended up in the hands of Haitian organizations. A further 9.6% ended up with the Haitian government. The remaining 89.8%   or $5.4 billion   was funneled to non-Haitian organizations. The Clinton Foundation, they are criminals, they are thieves, they are liars, they are a disgrace,  Eberwein said at a protest outside the Clinton Foundation headquarters in Manhattan last year.The former director general of Haiti, who also served as an advisor to Haitian President Michel Martelly, was also a partner in a popular pizza restaurant in Haiti, Muncheez, and even has a pizza   the Klaus Special   named after him.According to the Haiti Libre newspaper, Eberwein was said to be in  good spirits , with plans for the future. His close friends and business partners are shocked by the idea he may have committed suicide. It s really shocking,  said Muncheez s owner Gilbert Bailly.  We grew up together; he was like family.   Your News WireAmericans were warned about the crooked dealings of the Clinton Crime family when in September of 2016, former Senate President of Haiti, Bernard Sansaricq, shocked a large crowd at a Trump campaign event in Little Haiti, FL. Sansaricq stood up during the public event and relayed his account of the Clinton s dirty dealings in Haiti while he was still in office. To his credit, candidate Donald Trump allowed Sansaricq to speak his mind, and to expose the crimes of the Clinton s, who were attempting to scratch and claw their way back into our White House.Sansaricq claimed he begged the Clinton Administration not to invade Haiti. His request was followed up with a visit by an anonymous messenger from the White House who encouraged him to  side  with the Clinton Administration and he would  be the richest man in Haiti. He also demanded that Hillary Clinton  disclose the audit of all money  related to the Haiti earthquake crisis, as he claimed they scammed the poorest citizens of Haiti out of BILLIONS of dollars through the Clinton Foundation. Not even 2% of that money went back to Haiti. So Mr. Trump, we are asking you, begging you, the Haitian community will side with you if one day, you ask Hillary Clinton publicly to disclose the audit of all of the money they have stolen from Haiti in 2010 after the earthquake. Haiti is a very poor country. Haiti needs defenders. You said you would champion our cause. We welcome you sir and we will work with you. Ask Hillary Clinton publicly, during your next debate for an audit of all of the money they have stolen from Haiti. Go to the 5 minute mark of the video to see Sansaricq s comments to candidate Trump:",0
10386,BOOM! HARVARD LAW DEMOCRAT ALAN DERSHOWITZ Destroys The Left’s “Unconstitutional” Argument Against Donald Trump Jr. [Video],"Democrat Alan Dershowitz dismissed a major argument Democrats have been making against Donald Trump Jr., and said it s clearly  unconstitutional . This brilliant Harvard Law professor is a Democrat who is FED UP with the left s constant Russia mantra! He knows there s nothing there and tells Judge Jeanine:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjqxLE6thZIDemocrats have been arguing that laws stop campaigns from receiving anything of  value  from foreign entities, and have said  that items of  value  can also be information.That s their reasoning for why they think Trump s campaign violated election laws when Donald Trump Jr. met with a Russian lawyer who said she had dirt on Hillary Clinton.Not so fast! Harvard Law s Alan Dershowitz told Judge Jeanine that campaign finance laws have never been prosecuted that way and that using the law to prosecute people who obtain information from non-U.S. sources would violate the First Amendment: Under the campaign finance laws, I mean, there is a claim that if you get something of value, and they re alleging that information  from a foreign national could be, you know, stretched out to mean, you know, words. Judge Jeanine asked  Is that something that s ever been prosecuted? Dershowitz replied:  Of course not, and if it were to be prosecuted, the First Amendment would trump. A candidate has a right to get information from whatever source the information comes. Dershowitz then made the key point that just as newspapers are free to print any information they obtain from others, even when the source obtains it illegally, candidates for office have the same right to get information anywhere they want.He also stressed again there is no legal precedent to treat information as money under U.S. campaign finance laws: You can t include information under the campaign finance law. That would be unconstitutional. These are very key points that the press refuses to make clear for people   Have you heard this anywhere? Note that this is coming from a DEMOCRAT who was a Hillary Clinton supporter! Please pass on to anyone who  has been listening to the hysteria from the lefty media and even FOX News! Read more: WE",0
10387,CNN CUTS FEED Of GOP Rep Scott Taylor When He Cites New FBI Report Showing 30% Of Domestic Terror Cases Involve Refugees,"CNN is notorious for cutting the mic when they don t like what someone is saying on their network.Rep. Scott Taylor was being interviewed by CNN host Dana Bash about the refugee ban when he began to say how the American people are overwhelmingly in support of the ban in the interest of their safety. He goes on to say that 30% of domestic terrorism is committed by refugees when his sound and picture is instantly cut out of the broadcast.Bash is quick to blame the cut on  the TV gremlins .Rep Scott Taylor's feed is cut off after he says 30% of Refugees commit domestic terrorism Selective Journalism SMH pic.twitter.com/KLeFDNawqq  Eye On The Sparrow (@2Chron169) July 16, 2017",0
10388,LIBERALS ARE AFRAID Of Kid Rock Running For U.S. Senate…Elizabeth Warren’s Panicked Email Proves It,"Kid Rock has struck panic into the hearts of liberal politicians upon his announcement that he will be running for senate in Michigan.Kid Rock, whose real name is Robert James Ritchie, is from Romeo, Michigan and will be a force to be reckoned with in the upcoming election.U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren is already sounding the alarm with her Democratic base, warning a Senate run by Detroit bad boy Kid Rock could be the second coming of Donald Trump.Watch Fox News host, Tom Shillue tell panelists,  If Kid Rock runs for Senate, he ll win :The  Wasting Time  and  All Summer Long  rap rocker-turned-country singer tweeted on Wednesday that he s running for U.S. Senate in Michigan. Although it s been largely dismissed so far as a publicity stunt, Warren isn t taking any chances with the longshot Republican. I know a lot of people are thinking: this is some sort of joke, right?  Warren wrote in an email blast with the subject line  Senator Kid Rock (R-MI). Well,  she said,  maybe this is all a joke   but we all thought Donald Trump was joking when he rode down the escalator at Trump Tower and announced his campaign, too. And sure, maybe this is just a marketing gimmick for a new album or tour   but we all thought Donald Trump was just promoting his reality TV show, too,  she added.In her email, Warren included a link where people could donate to Michigan Democratic U.S. Sen. Debbie Stabenow and her own reelection campaign.A Warren campaign spokeswoman did not return repeated inquiries about how much the fundraising appeal has hauled in or the strategy behind it.But if the effort succeeds, other Democrats are likely to also cash in on a Rock candidacy   remote as it may be   to fill their own campaign coffers, said Larry Sabato, a political science professor at the University of Virginia. Political elites and activists who actually give money to campaigns keep up with all this stuff,  he said. Plus, the most effective direct mail is often tied to something that just happened   something that can be spun into a threat. Republican state Rep. Geoff Diehl, who will officially challenge Warren next month, blasted the email as proof that Warren is more concerned about crafting a bid for the White House. She uses any and every issue, whether it s a celebrity Republican or it s Hillary Clinton, to try to scare her support base into giving her more money so that she can reach that main goal I believe of running for president   not of focusing on the concerns of her constituents in Massachusetts,  said Diehl.Still, don t count him out, said Saul Anuzis, the former chairman of the Michigan Republican Party. He s well-liked,  said Anuzis.  He s a big proponent of Detroit and somebody who s put his money where his mouth is investing back home.   Boston HeraldKid Rock is taking a page from the Donald Trump playbook. He s already responding to #FakeNews on his website.",0
10389,WATCH SHOCKING INVASION OF ITALY: Will These “Economic Parasites” End Up In The US? [Video],"More than 1,400 migrants disembarked in Italy on Friday, the first of more than 4,400 who are expected to come ashore during the day after being picked up by rescue boats this week in the southern Mediterranean. The problem is this is not a reuse but an invasion enabled by the smugglers and the European Union. Italy and Europe are toast!Italy, along with France and Germany have agreed to draw up a  code of conduct  for charities operating rescue boats in the Mediterranean with the aim of bringing under control the growing influx of migrants. In the past few days alone, up to 12 thousand people have arrived in Italy from Africa, while more than 85 thousand have landed in the country since the beginning of this year. Former Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs Franco Frattini  discusses this issue of the increased risk of terrorism in italy:The Italians are fed up with the invasion:Locals of the Castell  Umberto commune in Messina protested against the arrival of a new group of migrants, Saturday, with the Messina s mayor Vincenzo Civa Lionetto cutting off electricity supply to a former hotel, where the migrants were placed.HUNDREDS OF ILLEGAL INVADERS SET UP CAMP NEAR GEORGE CLOONEY S LAKE COMO MANSION:The locals are telling it like it is:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfIkiny_O14",0
10390,"FLASHBACK: ARMY OF WOMEN Join Social Media Craze To Show Their Love For President Trump and Ivanka, As Media Still Pushes Lie That Women Hate Trump","President Trump and his daughter Ivanka are getting some much welcomed positive press thanks to a social media craze that has slowly been growing over the past few months.A number of women have begun posting images online which show them modelling clothing from Ivanka s eponymous fashion label or Trump-branded wears while voicing their support for the commander-in-chief.It is a diverse array of clothes, and the most popular choice by far this summer is a one-piece women s swimsuit in metallic blue that reads:  Make America Great Again. There is even a fan-run Instagram page that gathers all the images featuring ladies in Trump-branded swimwear these days, along with those who are scantily clad while also wearing his trademark hat, Babes For Trump.More women jump in to join the trend to support President Trump with Trump gear and bumper stickers adorning their beach coolers. #MAGA    And finally, these young women post an image of themselves pretending to build a wall on the Mexico border: These posts have no official hashtag yet, with the women using a variety of words and phrases, including  #womenfortrump,   #ivankatrump,  and  #hillaryforprison  to name a few.This surge in popularity for Trump brand clothing comes a little over nine months after women across the country began a boycott of Ivanka s fashions with the #GrabYourWallet campaign.These women are ignoring the left and posting pictures of themselves wearing Ivanka s line of clothing.This woman is dresses as a secret service agent who s wearing Ivanka s line of clothing:This Instagram user posted a picture of herself sporting Ivanka s jewelry:Select retail shops and national department stores also began to drop Ivanka s line around that time, and in some cases were very publicly attacked by Trump supporters.Nordstrom was forced to weather the worst of the storms after the passed on picking up Ivanka s latest collection, with President Trump going after the retailer on Twitter.  Daily MailKeep up the great work ladies! #MAGA ",0
10391,OOPS! MIT Researchers Debunk Global Warming Data…Report Confirms President Trump Was Right To Pull Out Of Paris Climate Agreement,"B b..but Al Gore and Barack Obama say Scientists  were exposed for manipulating climate data during the 2011 Climategate  scandal when 5,000 emails were released from scientists proving that the science behind their studies is inconclusive and mostly a result of manipulating climate data to fit the political message they were trying to convey.Three themes emerged from the emails that were released in the Climategate scandal: (1) prominent scientists central to the global warming debate are taking measures to conceal rather than disseminate underlying data and discussions; (2) these scientists view global warming as a political  cause  rather than a balanced scientific inquiry and (3) many of these scientists frankly admit to each other that much of the science is weak and dependent on deliberate manipulation of facts and data.  ForbesA new report on global warming data has now proven President Donald Trump to be right to pull out of the Paris Agreement. The report analyzed climate data such as Global Average Surface Temperature (GAST), the NOAA, and HADLEY.SHFTPLan reports: According to the report, which has been peer reviewed by administrators, scientists and researchers from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (M.I.T.), and several of America s leading universities, the data is completely bunk: In this research report, the most important surface data adjustment issues are identified and past changes in the previously reported historical data are quantified. It was found that each new version of GAST has nearly always exhibited a steeper warming linear trend over its entire history. And, it was nearly always accomplished by systematically removing the previously existing cyclical temperature pattern. This was true for all three entities providing GAST data measurement, NOAA, NASA and Hadley CRU.As a result, this research sought to validate the current estimates of GAST using the best available relevant data. This included the best documented and understood data sets from the U.S. and elsewhere as well as global data from satellites that provide far more extensive global coverage and are not contaminated by bad siting and urbanization impacts. Satellite data integrity also benefits from having cross checks with Balloon data.The conclusive findings of this research are that the three GAST data sets are not a valid representation of reality. In fact, the magnitude of their historical data adjustments, that removed their cyclical temperature patterns, are totally inconsistent with published and credible U.S. and other temperature data. Thus, it is impossible to conclude from the three published GAST data sets that recent years have been the warmest ever  despite current claims of record setting warming.Finally, since GAST data set validity is a necessary condition for EPA s GHG/CO2 Endangerment Finding, it too is invalidated by these research findings. (Full Abstract Report) Fox News reported on President Trump pulling out of the Paris Agreement per his campaign promise: he is leading. President Trump is withdrawing the United States from the Paris Climate Accord.It is the right decision for a number of reasons.First, the Paris Accord is being treated by many as a treaty with treaty obligations, but President Obama never submitted it to Congress for passage.Second, though President Trump could have left it in place and done nothing, his successor could have easily revived it if left in place.Third, the structure and implementation of the Paris Accord set a terrible precedent. President Obama worked for what amounts to a global agreement with voluntary measures, but those measures would impact the American economy. But, despite that impact, President Obama did not present the Paris Accord to Congress for ratification or debate. Members of the liberal establishment were outraged.Obama criticized President Trump s decision to pull out of the Paris Climate agreement with the following statement : A year and a half ago, the world came together in Paris around the first-ever global agreement to set the world on a low-carbon course and protect the world we leave to our children.It was steady, principled American leadership on the world stage that made that achievement possible.  It was bold American ambition that encouraged dozens of other nations to set their sights higher as well. And what made that leadership and ambition possible was America s private innovation and public investment in growing industries like wind and solar   industries that created some of the fastest new streams of good-paying jobs in recent years, and contributed to the longest streak of job creation in our history.Simply put, the private sector already chose a low-carbon future.  And for the nations that committed themselves to that future, the Paris Agreement opened the floodgates for businesses, scientists, and engineers to unleash high-tech, low-carbon investment and innovation on an unprecedented scale.The nations that remain in the Paris Agreement will be the nations that reap the benefits in jobs and industries created.  I believe the United States of America should be at the front of the pack.  But even in the absence of American leadership; even as this Administration joins a small handful of nations that reject the future; I m confident that our states, cities, and businesses will step up and do even more to lead the way, and help protect for future generations the one planet we ve got. But of course, like all Champagne Socialists, their credo is  do as I say, not as I do,  with Obama jacking up his carbon footprint when abroad. Who could forget Obama s massive convoy during a recent speaking gig in Milan?The Independent Journal Review reported: Former President Barack Obama traveled to Italy this week to make a speech on climate change at the  Seed & Chips: The Global Food Innovation Summit  in the city of Milan.It seems like Obama has taken a page out of Leonardo DiCaprio s book of  do as I say, not as I do  and took a private jet to Milan. Not only that, he had a 14 car convoy to get into the city, which also included protection from above with a helicopter.It doesn t end there. According to The Daily Mail, 300 police officers were used to protect the former president.The fleet of 14 included multiple SUVs, police cars, and sedans   not to mention a few motorcycles. Here s another look at the convoy:While in Milan, Obama also met with former Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, who was a close partner during their respective times in office.  Gateway Pundit",0
10392,CONSERVATIVE FIREBRAND ANN COULTER DESTROYS Delta Airlines On Twitter For Kicking Her Out Of Reserved Seat,"There are some people you probably shouldn t cross. Donald Trump is one, and conservative author and political analyst Ann Coulter is the other one Conservative columnist Ann Coulter flew into a fit of fury Saturday after Delta Airlines booted her from her reserved  Comfort+  seat   which comes with 3 additional inches of legroom   and gave it to another passenger.In a two-hour tweeting tantrum,she quoted her exchange with a flight attendant:  Why are you taking me out of the extra room seat I specifically booked?  she asked.Their answer, she said, was  I don t know. Before Coulter posted a picture of the woman Delta gave her extra-legroom reserved seat to, she tweeted this:Suckiest @Delta moved me from my PRE-BOOKED SEAT & gave it to some woman, not elderly, child, or sick. I have pictures so don t lie, @Delta!  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 16, 2017But at least @Delta was nice @ it, summarily snatching my ticket from my hand & ordering me to move w/o explanation, compensation or apology  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 16, 2017The 6-foot-tall Coulter, who is 55, tweeted a picture of the woman who got her aisle seat on the flight from LaGuardia to Florida, noting,  Delta didn t give my extra room seat to an air marshal or tall person.   NYP.@Delta didn t give my extra room seat to an air marshall or tall person. Here s the woman given my PRE-BOOKED seat: pic.twitter.com/iDNB8xXXOd  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 15, 2017The long-legged Coulter, who still appeared to furious about Delta s decision to boot her from her reserved seat with extra legroom, tweeted again to Delta about the  daschund-legged woman  who they gave her seat to:So glad I took time investigate the aircraft & PRE-BOOK a specific seat on @Delta, so some woman could waltz at the last min & take my seat.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 15, 2017Hey @Delta, if it was so important for the dachshund-legged woman to take my seat, she should have BOOKED THE SEAT IN ADVANCE. Like I did.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 16, 2017The sharp-tongued conservative firebrand continued to rip into Delta Airlines in a series of tweets criticizing their customer service:.@Delta motto: ""How can we make your flight more uncomfortable?""  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 16, 2017.@Delta employee questionnaire: What is your ideal job: Prison guard? Animal handler? Stasi policeman? All of the above: HIRED!  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 16, 2017A Delta spokesman said it appeared Coulter was in the same extra-room row, just in a different seat. But he promised to look into it.",0
10393,REEBOK JOINS The Left’s War Against President Trump…Berates Him On Twitter For Complimenting French President Macron’s Wife,"Brigitte Macron is 24 years older than her husband. She is 64-years old and is in great shape for a woman of her age. As a female, who is younger than Mrs. Macron, I would be thrilled if the most powerful man in the world shook my hand and offered me a sincere compliment about what  great shape  I was in. Mrs. Macron didn t likely wake up one morning and decide she wanted to be a stunning 64-year old woman. She likely had to work at it. Being a 64-year old woman who is married to a charismatic 39-year old man, who is also the newly elected leader of France is probably not that easy. She likely has a rigorous workout schedule, and if she is like most women, she appreciates it when someone notices how hard she works to stay in  great shape.  It is possible that Macron has simply been gifted with great genes and does nothing at all to stay in  great shape , but either way, a compliment about her appearance was likely appreciated by the 64-year old stunner. The Daily Mail ran a wildly popular article in May about Brigitte Macron titled:How DOES Macron s wife defy her age? Experts claim hair extensions, veneers, designer style and some very subtle cosmetic surgery keep Brigitte Trogneux, 64, looking so youthfulHmmm We don t remember the outrage from the media over the Daily Mail article that explored every possibility that could explain Macron s age-defying look, that ran just prior to France s election. There will, of course, always be critics. After all, the compliment didn t just come from any man, it came from the man who was not supposed to defeat the media s candidate, Hillary Clinton.Many on social media have criticized the Macron couple s difference in age. Macron s campaign was very aware that the age difference could be a turn off to some voters, as the media was quick to dispel any thoughts that Brigitte was some sort of  pedophile  or  cougar.  They shared the Macron s unusual story of how Emmanuel Macron fell in love with his wife Brigitte while she was his high school drama teacher. They talked about how he pledged his love to her early on, promising he would come back some day and marry her. (How quickly everyone forgets the criticism Donald Trump got on social media for marrying the much younger Melania.)In case the world hasn t noticed, President Trump doesn t play the same game as other politicians. He s genuine and honest. He says what he feels and most importantly, he says what s in his heart. He s not a career politician, and for that, most of us are grateful. When President Trump greeted Brigitte Macron for the first time, he shook her hand, looked her straight in the eye, and complimented her on how great she looked. Trump simply told her,  You re in such great shape  and then followed it up by telling her she was  beautiful . The media and those on the left went nuts. It wasn t just individuals on social media and leftist journalists who attacked Donald Trump. One major athletic apparel and accessory company took to Twitter to mock our sitting President.For some reason, someone at Reebok thought it would be a good idea to tweet a chart to President Trump to let him know whether or not he should compliment the 64-year old Macron. When did Reebok become the arbiter of free-speech? Who, at Reebok decided it would be a good idea to mock our President on social media?  Is Reebok really such a powerful athletic wear company that they can afford to lose half of their customer base over a stupid tweet?  In case you were wondering when it IS appropriate to say, ""You're in such good shape beautiful,""  THIS: pic.twitter.com/Z1cnnRD8Ut  Reebok (@Reebok) July 14, 2017Note to Reebok: We don t care that President Trump offended French liberals and leftist American journalists. We don t care that he offended Democrat lawmakers, who are constantly looking for a reason to discredit our president. We care that President Trump loves America, and that he wakes up every day thinking about how he ll continue to bring more jobs back to Americans. We admire him for his commitment to putting America first and for his dedication to keeping our nation safe. We don t give a damn if you re offended over President Trump s  compliments to Brigitte Macron.The Macron s spent several hours with the Trump s, after President Trump offered his sincere compliments to Brigitte. Many of the photos taken after the first meeting with the Macron s and Trump s defy what the media would like you to believe about Trump s relationship with the French president and his wife. In fact, quite to the contrary, Mr. and Mrs. Macron appeared to be enjoying their visit with America s first couple quite a bit.    ",0
10394,WHOA! MAXINE WATERS Has Brain Freeze Mid-Interview: “What-What…” [Video],"Maxine Waters has a major brain freeze during an interview ripping on the Trump administration Karma?  Recognize that evidence is pouring in and it s growing or what is matt  what what is wrong with them, I just don t quite understand,  If Maxine Waters is the best the Dems have in their arsenal then this is good news for Republicans. The California Democrat has been bashing President Trump at every turn with no real reason. She s even called for his impeachment. Is this all she s got? She never speaks about what she s doing for the district in California that she doesn t even live in. She refuses to hear any opposing views during town halls. She has opposing voices removed so the adoring masses can rant and rave about Trump. It s truly a Banana Republic in Maxine s world. We ve reported in the past about her bizarre behavior but the best question was asked by Tucker Carlson:Maxine Waters is so filled with hate for anyone who disagrees with her, that she s decided to appoint herself as the Democrat s chief attack dog for President Trump and his administration. Unfortunately for Maxine, making a public spectacle of herself also comes with a price. Speaking of a price how about the price tag on career politician Maxine Waters $4.3 million mansion?Tucker Carlson reacted to Rep. Maxine Waters  (D-Calif.) threat to  take [HUD Secretary Dr. Ben Carson s] a** apart  by noting she might indeed be qualified to take his job.Carlson said Waters, a 40-year politician, lives in a 6,000 square-foot mansion worth $4.3 million that is not in her congressional district.He asked how Waters could afford a home like that in a ritzy neighborhood while solely working as a representative of the 43rd District. We should take her seriously on this subject,  Carlson said, calling her a  confirmed expert on the question on housing. He said that while Waters sometimes speaks using racially-charged rhetoric, she lives in a neighborhood that is only six percent African-American.Via: Fox News",0
10395,IS TRUMP DITCHING Obama’s “Bad Deal” to Bring Muslim Refugees in Australia to the US?,"President Trump called Obama s agreement with Australia to bring in economic parasites disguised as refugees to the US a  bad deal  and a  dumb deal . President Obama made this deal right before leaving office dumping it into the lap of the incoming administration. Trump was unhappy about this  dumb deal  but reluctantly decided to send US officials to vet the refugees:US Officials just abruptly halted screening and left the offshore detention centre on Friday. Is this a sign that this  bad deal  is upside down and will not go forward? We certainly hope so!AUSTRALIA, Christmas Island: Here are some of the so-called  asylum seekers  from the hordes of Muslims who have been washing up on the shores of Australia and demanding asylum, even though most are not political refugees, but economic parasites. Do these Iranian illegals look like they are starving to you? THIS WAS A SETUP BY OBAMA   THE US HAS NO BUSINESS TAKING ECONOMIC PARASITES FROM IRAN!THE LATEST ON THESE ECONOMIC PARASITES:Reuters Reports:US officials interviewing refugees held in an Australian-run offshore detention centre have left the facility abruptly, throwing further doubt over a plan to resettle many of the detainees in America.US officials halted screening interviews and departed the Pacific island of Nauru on Friday, two weeks short of their scheduled timetable and a day after Washington said the United States had reached its annual refugee intake cap. US officials were scheduled to be on Nauru until July 26 but they left on Friday,  one refugee told Reuters, requesting anonymity as he did not want to jeopardise his application for US resettlement.In the United States, a senior member of the union that represents refugee officers at US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), a Department of Homeland Security agency, told Reuters his own trip to Nauru was not going forward as scheduled.Jason Marks, chief steward of the American Federation of Government Employees Local 1924, told Reuters his trip has now been pushed back and it was unclear whether it will actually happen.The Australian Immigration Department declined to comment on the whereabouts of the US officials or the future of a refugee swap agreement between Australia and the United States, which President Donald Trump earlier this year branded a  dumb deal .An indefinite postponement of the deal would have significant repercussions for Australia s pledge to close a second detention centre on Papua New Guinea s Manus island on October 31.Only 70 refugees, less than 10 per cent of the total detainees held in the camp, have completed US processing. The US deal looks more and more doubtful,  Ian Rintoul from the Refugee Action Coalition said.Former US President Obama agreed a deal with Australia late last year to offer refuge to up to 1250 asylum seekers.The Trump administration said it would only honour the deal to maintain a strong relationship with Australia, and then only on condition that refugees satisfied strict checks.In exchange, Australia has pledged to take Central American refugees from a centre in Costa Rica, where the United States has taken in a larger number of people in recent years.The US government confirmed on Thursday that its refugee intake cap of 50,000 people had been reached with the new intake year not due to begin until October 1.The majority of the detainees interviewed on both Manus and Nauru by US officials in April are from Sudan, Somalia and Afghanistan.Australia has already offered detainees up to $25,000 to voluntarily return to their home countries, an offer few have taken up. ",0
10396,MN: SOMALI MAN RAPES COLLEGE STUDENT…Gets 90-Days In Jail…Allowed to Leave Scene Of Crime Without Arrest by Somali Officer,"A 24-year-old Somali man, Ashraf Alaaeldin Mohamed Elgamal, raped an unconscious Minnesota State University student and was given only 90 days in prison and two years of probation.A student at MSU walked back to her apartment, intoxicated, after a party and went to bed. She woke up to find Elgamal raping her. She was drifting in and out of consciousness and when she asked him to stop, he responded:  bitch, stop being selfish .The friends of the victim called the police when they walked into her room and saw Elgamal on top of their unconscious friend. The Mankato Public Safety officer who responded was named Mohamed Mohamed and was also Somali. When the officer spoke to Elgamal, he informed him that he was  not under arrest and free to leave at any time , even though he was made aware that Elgamal was seen penetrating the unconscious girl and asked to stop. Elgamal claimed the sex was consensual and said he thought the victim accused him of rape because he has a girlfriend.  Southern Minnesota News ",0
10397,SENATOR ELIZABETH WARREN Tries To Trash Republicans With Latest Tweet…But It’s What’s Sitting On Her Desk That Has Everyone Laughing,"Democrat Senator and fake Indian Elizabeth Warren took to Twitter to criticize the evil Republican s plan to replace Obamacare.While her tweet in and of itself, is just more of what we expect from the Democrats, it s what s sitting on a side table next to her coffee maker that has everyone laughing.I'm reading the latest way that Senate Republicans plan to rip health care away from millions of people. I'll share my thoughts soon. pic.twitter.com/oe9z4bhqFA  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) July 13, 2017If you look closely at the blown up shot of the coffee mug next to the carafe on a side table behind her, you can see the CNN logo proudly displayed on the only coffee cup that appears on the stand. Of course, any sane person who follows the biased and very fake news network CNN shouldn t be surprised to see their new favorite Democrat sporting their mug in her Senate office. We d like to offer a special  thank you  and  well done  to @TheALX who, according to his profile, lives in fake Indian Elizabeth WArren s home state of  Massachusetts.Looks like @SenWarren is a friend to @CNN just like Hillary! Watch out for #FakeNews ! #Shiva4Senate pic.twitter.com/k7HcChTEx5  ALX (@TheALX) July 15, 2017Would there be any outrage if Paul Ryan was seen with a Breitbart or Fox News mug sitting prominently on his desk? Our guess is that Congresswoman Maxine Waters (D-CA) would have already called for his impeachment.",0
10398,WOW! HUNGARY and ISRAEL Just Labeled Hungarian Born-Jew George Soros An ENEMY OF THE STATE…Will The U.S. Follow?,"Hillary would never have labeled one of her largest donors, longtime friend, and the financier of violent anti-American protesters around the world an  enemy of the state.  But fortunately for America, Hillary s not our president. Fortunately for America, both the Senate and the House are controlled by Republicans who understand we have a lot to lose if they continue to sit back and let this radical billionaire throw hundreds of millions of dollars at these violent, anti-American groups. Soros  goals are not consistent with those of our Founding Fathers. His agenda is counter to protecting our freedoms and defending our national security. It s time our legislators consider taking the same steps as Israel and Hungary to send George Soros a message that we consider him an enemy of the state, and that we re not going to just sit by and watch him force his radical agenda on America.  Israel s foreign ministry has issued a statement denouncing U.S. billionaire George Soros, a move that appeared designed to align Israel more closely with Hungary ahead of a visit to Budapest next week by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.Soros, a Hungarian-born Jew who has spent a large part of his fortune funding pro-democracy and human rights groups, has repeatedly been targeted by Hungary s right-wing government, in particular over his support for more open immigration.In the latest case, Prime Minister Viktor Orban has backed a campaign in which Soros is singled out as an enemy of the state.  Let s not allow Soros to have the last laugh  say billboards next to a picture of the 86-year-old investor, a campaign that Jewish groups and others say foments anti-Semitism.Soros, who rarely addresses personal attacks against him, has not commented on the billboards. But Hungarian Jewish groups and Human Rights Watch, an organization partly funded by Soros, have condemned the campaign, saying it  evokes memories of the Nazi posters during the Second World War .  ReutersThere s one big problem with the statement by Soros  Human Rights Watch group, Soros admitted he was no friend to the Jews during the Holocaust in a 1990 interview with Steve Kroft of  60 Minutes . The interview was suspiciously scrubbed from the internet for some time, but has just recently resurfaced. Knowing there were problems ahead for the Jews, Soros  father, who was a successful lawyer, bribed a government official to take 14 year old George Soros in and say he was his Christian godson. While hundreds of thousands of Hungarian Jews were being shipped off to the death camps, George Soros accompanied his appointed  godfather  around confiscating property from Jews. George admitted it wasn t difficult at all to take part in taking property from the Jews. Kroft asked Soros if it bothered him?Soros: It created no problem at all.Kroft: No feeling of guilt?Soros: No.Why should Israel tread lightly when it comes to this monster who had no feelings of guilt about taking property from fellow Jews during the Holocaust?Watch:Soros was born in Hungary, they are interestingly, the second nation to consider George Soros to be an enemy of the state. Fox News   When Soros talks of chaos, it s a subject he knows well. The only question is his involvement.Most everywhere Soros, his foundations or his investment money has gone, trouble has followed.He s helped start revolutions, undermined national currencies and funded radicals around the world.Soros has been convicted of insider dealing in France and fined $3 million, fined another $2 million in his native Hungary.His  foundations have been accused of shielding spies and breaking currency laws  and his investing strategy has been targeted for harming several national currencies.That s not the story the broadcast networks have been telling about Soros for the past five years.There were 29 mentions of Soros during that time but only one gave any hint at trouble, and that was merely to mention he was  still known as the man who broke the Bank of England. But ABC followed that description up with:  That was all legal. Only a sex scandal with a 28-year-old Brazilian actress gave Soros any negative publicity at all.But there have been lots of negatives in Soros s past as he s spread his influence around the world. Soros wears criticism like a badge of honor. I have now come under attack in several countries: in Hungary from Hungarian nationalists; in Romania from the Vatra Romanesca; in Slovakia from the communist party newspaper Pravda; in the Soviet Union by the organ of the hard-liners Sovietskaia Russiya,  he claims in  Underwriting Democracy. Soros s Open Society Fund was created in 1979 as a charitable lead trust. Even its creator admitted his motives were  basically selfish  and he wanted a  tax gimmick.  He did it as a  trust for his children While Soros has been known worldwide for his investment skills, he hasn t always managed to stay clear of the authorities.He was found guilty in France of an insider trading case about 20 years ago and has repeatedly failed at having that news pulled from his record.According to The New York Times, in September 2011, a French panel upheld his conviction because  he had bought and sold shares of Soci t  G n rale in 1988 with the knowledge that the bank might be a takeover target. He was fined $3 million.His fund ran into problems in Hungary, where Soros was born and lived till his late teen years. At issue was how he handled an investment into the  the country s largest bank : OTP. His fund was fined $2 million by Hungarian regulators last week for having manipulated OTP s stock price,  wrote The New York Times in 2009.",0
10399,"IMMIGRANT With Soros-Funded Education, Who Earned $1.5 Million Per Year as DC Lawyer, Flees To “Somewhere in Africa” After Wife Is Caught Collecting Over $100,00 In Welfare [VIDEO]","An Arlington woman was arrested this week and charged with four counts of welfare fraud for collecting over $100,000 in benefits   all while her husband was a high-earning attorney in D.C., police say.Police say a six-month investigation into Helen Agbapuruonwu, 41, found that the mother of four had collected benefits like food stamps and Medicaid assistance for the past six years. While Helen was collecting benefits, her husband, Fidelis Agbapuruonwu, was earning $1.5 million per year as a lawyer, according to court documents obtained by News4.In 2001, Fidelis received the prestigious Paul and Daisy Soros Fellowship which helped pay his way through law school.The Paul & Daisy Soros Fellowships for New Americans offers up to $90,000 for two years of graduate education. Paul Soros, older brother to Democratic mega-donor George Soros, created the fellowship program in 1998 to honor  the contributions of immigrants and children of immigrants to the United States,  and help fund graduate study for immigrants  who are poised to make significant contributions to US society, culture or their academic field. As a lawyer at Mayer Brown, Agbapuruonwu worked on a number financial and civil cases, according to a search of federal court records.In one of his cases, Agbapuruonwu assisted a pro bono team in 2011, which helped a woman from El Salvador win asylum in the U.S. from the  continuous and severe physical, emotional, and psychological abuse inflicted by her ex-boyfriend. Daily CallerFidelis  LinkedIn page claims he works for the D.C. firm of Mayer Brown, but today the firm said he no longer works there. Court officials believe Fidelis, a Nigerian immigrant, has  fled the country and is somewhere in Africa.   NBC ",0
10400,Greg Gutfeld Scores a Priceless TV Moment…Wears CNN Box During ‘The Five’ [Video],"Greg Gutfeld scored a priceless TV moment during  The Five . He mocked the CNN box-wearing trend that started with the WWE mocked-up wrestling video where President Trump was wrestling with the CNN logo (see below).@greggutfeld IS THE BEST EVER. OPENS @TheFive WITH A @CNN BOX ON HIS HEAD!!! HE S A SAVAGE!!! BLESS YOU GREGG. pic.twitter.com/1wSN917FCh  REV. JAMES LAKE (@jamesplake721) July 15, 2017He posted a picture on twitter of his daring new look:Check out my new outfit. #CNNMemeWar #cnn pic.twitter.com/IEEos4EOeN  GregGutfeld (@greggutfeld) July 14, 2017 The tweet from President Trump that started it all:#FraudNewsCNN #FNN pic.twitter.com/WYUnHjjUjg  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 2, 2017 The tweet from Trump started a mock-fest of tweets that were even funnier. The Gutfeld move is the pinnacle of the mocking of CNN So funny!",0
10401,LIST OF 24 REPUBLICANS Who Voted “YES” To KEEP Obama’s Taxpayer-Funded Sex-Change Surgeries In Place For Transgenders In Military,"If you re not okay with taxpayers paying for exorbitant medical costs, including transgender surgeries for military members, you ll want to remember these names in 2018 A majority in the House voted down a proposal to restrict funding for transgender members of the military, standing by social policy changes enacted by the Pentagon under former President Barack Obama.Rep. Vicky Hartzler, R-Mo., succeeded in forcing a vote, arguing that Obama s  transgender decision is costly in dollars and short on common sense.  The attempted rollback failed on a 209-214 vote, however, as 24 Republicans joined a unanimous Democratic caucus in opposing the proposal. The Obama transgender policy, which was implemented without input from members of Congress, is ill-conceived and contrary to our goals of increasing troop readiness and investing defense dollars into addressing budget shortfalls of the past,  Hartzler said in June.  By recruiting and allowing transgender individuals to serve in our military we are subjecting taxpayers to high medical costs including up to $130,000 per transition surgery, lifetime hormone treatments, and additional surgeries to address the high percentage of individuals who experience complications. Her amendment would have barred the Defense Department from  provid[ing] medical treatment (other than mental health treatment) related to gender transition  to members of the military. Proponents of transgender military service argued that her proposal  would reduce military readiness  by discouraging transgender Americans from serving. It would have a negative impact on morale, a negative impact on retention and move us away from the merit-based system which we now have, where we have one set of rules applied to everybody,  Rep. Jared Polis, D-Colo., who co-chairs the LGBT Equality Caucus, said Wednesday.Hartzler maintained that her amendment would increase readiness, however.  The deployability of individuals going through the sex transition process is highly problematic, requiring 210 to 238 work days where a soldier is non-deployable after surgery,  she said.  This recovery time equates to 1.4 million manpower days where transgender personnel cannot deploy and fight our nation s wars, therefore relying on an already stressed force to pick up the burden. It makes no sense to purposely recruit individuals who cannot serve.   Washington ExaminerHere s the list of 24 Republicans who voted to keep Obama s transgender policy for our military in place that was implemented without input from members of Congress:Justin Amash (Michigan)Jack Bergman (Michigan)Mike Coffman (Colorado)Barbara Comstock (Virginia)Paul Cook (California)Ryan Costello (Pennsylvania)Carlos Curbelo (Florida)Jeff Denham (California)Charlie Dent (Pennsylvania)John Faso (New York)Brian Fitzpatrick (Pennsylvania)Darrell Issa (California)John Katko (New York)Steve Knight (California)Leonard Lance (New Jersey)Frank LoBiondo (New Jersey)Tom MacArthur (New Jersey)Brian Mast (Florida)Tom Reed (New York)Dave Reichert (Washington)Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (Florida)Bill Shuster (Pennsylvania)Elise Stefanik (New York)Claudia Tenney (New York)h/t Truth Division",0
10402,WATCH: GOP REP DAVE BRAT TURNED TABLES On #FakeNews CNN…Accused Them Of Collusion With Liberal Media…CNN’s Actions Are “Unethical But Not Illegal”,"During a Friday interview, Virginia Rep. Dave Brat slammed Democrats who want to impeach Trump without any evidence of criminal wrongdoing. What you gotta do is just name the statute that s been violated,  Brat explained of Democrats going after Trump.  Democrats are upset that Trump won the election and so they ve been saying  impeach, impeach  since day one. Brat took shots at fellow Virginia Senators Mark Warner and Tim Kaine, who have respectively called potential Russia collusion  disturbing  and close to  treason. My Senators from Virginia are getting apoplectic,  Brat argued.  Mark Warner s seeing smoke everywhere he goes like he s in a Cheech and Chong movie and [Tim] Kaine now thinks the son is worse than Benedict Arnold. CNN may have thought they were safe from the destruction, but Brat quickly turned on them too. There s collusion everywhere but the question is whether a statue has been violated,  he said.  There s collusion between CNN and the DCCC and the Washington Post and I don t complain about that it s not illegal. I think it s unethical but it s not illegal. Watch:  Daily Caller",0
10403,WATCH: JESSE JACKSON Mumbles HILARIOUS Reason Hillary Lost Election At His Rainbow Push “Shakedown” Convention,"Civil Rights activist Rev. Jesse Jackson Sr. attended the Rainbow/PUSH Coalition convention in Chicago on Thursday, where he claimed President Donald Trump stole the election.Jackson was introducing the Democratic National Committee chairman Tom Perez when he made the accusation against Trump. To have a head of our party who is sensitive to the plight of working people is the order of this day,  Jackson told the crowd.  Don t forget when you lose, you tend to amplify  would ve, could ve, should ve.  When you win you cover up your sins. We worked last year. We won the election. It was stolen,  Jackson concluded. -WFBTrump derangement syndrome is apparently alive and well with the  Reverend  Jesse Jackson at his Rainbow Push shakedown convention in crooked Chicago, IL. If it wasn t so funny, we d almost feel sorry for these two bit jack-holes like Jesse Jackson, former Democrat presidential candidate, lifetime shakedown artist and father of former IL State Rep and convicted felon Jesse Jackson Jr ",0
10404,BIZARRE! NANCY PELOSI Can’t Stop Giggling About Aggression from North Korea [Video],"Nancy Pelosi had a strange reaction to a reporter s question about North Korean aggression She giggled!Nancy Pelosi holds a weekly press conference that has become a joke. Every week she does something strange that hits the news. Whether it s giggling or saying Bush is President, you can be sure Pelosi will do something gaffe worthy.Pelosi was fielding questions from reporters during her weekly press conference, and as she finished an answer about arts funding she giggled.A reporter then said,  Kim Jung In has been celebrating their ICBM launch with some cultural  events Pelosi laughed strangely.Pelosi stopped giggling and gathered her composure as the reporter continued she then sighed loudly into the microphone.As the reporter finished asking his question about whether Pelosi thinks the administration will be able to protect the West Coast from an attack, she bizarrely said she s  one of the few members of Congress to have visited Pyongyang. What is wrong with this woman? Term limits please!",0
10405,LOU DOBBS WARNS: “Coup d’etat against Trump in full swing”…Who’s behind it? [Video],"THIS IS HUGE! Lou Dobbs joined Sean Hannity to discuss the constant effort to destroy President Trump. Dobbs has mentioned a coup before (SEE BELOW) but is doubling down on his concern that the deep state and lefty media are in a full court press to get Trump out of office ASAP.Lou Dobbs had this to say about the effort to destroy Trump: The double standard is more than that by a long measure. This is an effort to subvert the administration of President Donald Trump. It is nothing less. It is an effort by the Deep State to roll over a duly elected president and a legitimate government and to break the will of the American people. This is no longer about Republicans and Democrats, conservatives and liberals, this is about a full-on assault by the left, the Democratic party to absolutely carry out a coup d etat against President Trump.LOU DOBBS AND  CLINTON CASH  AUTHOR DISCUSS THE  DEEP STATE  AND THE EFFORT TO TAKE DOWN TRUMP: Never in American history has there been a more highly organized group of people, the  deep state , attempting to subvert the will of the American people, in this case, the Trump presidency. Peter Schweizer discusses the efforts of the  deep state , their conspiracy campaign against Donald Trump and its  potential impact on President Trump s administration.TAKE NOTES AND CALL OUT YOUR CONGRESSMEN IF THEY RE NOT SUPPORTING PRESIDENT TRUMP!",0
10406,BREAKING NEWS: OBAMA’S AG Loretta Lynch Ordered Manafort’s Phone Tapped During Meeting With Russian Lawyer,"Is anyone really shocked that another fake  Trump-Russian collusion  story points to Obama and his crooked administration?Today, Fusion GPS employee Rinat Akhmetshin today confirmed his attendance at a meeting with Donald Trump Jr, Paul Manafort, and Jared Kushner along with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya.Accusations have arisen that the meeting was part of a wider setup to achieve a FISA warrant to wiretap phones of the Trump campaign during 2016. President Trump himself has accused the FBI under Loretta Lynch of wiretapping his campaign. Now, a former Trump campaign official reports that Paul Manafort s phone was subject to FISA wiretap during the infamous meeting.If true, this FISA warrant would have been carried out under Loretta Lynch, Attorney General to Barack Obama. Former FBI Director James Comey has testified under oath to instances of collusion between AG Lynch and the Clinton campaign during 2016, as well as obstruction of justice in the Clinton investigation. Yesterday, multiple news agencies and President Trump all stated that Veselnitskaya was granted special permission to enter the US by Attorney General Lynch after her visa had been initially blocked.FISA transcripts of the meeting in June 2016 may have also served the basis of the FBI s investigation into the Trump campaign s ties to Russia, now headed by Bob Mueller.Other senior members of the Trump campaign may have participated in the meeting via conference call. Update: This would have been illegal, as FISA court denied Obama s June 2016 request.For entire story: Jack Posobiac, The Medium",0
10407,AWESOME! PRESIDENT TRUMP Draws Red Line On Saying “Merry Christmas” [Video],"President Donald Trump told televangelist Pat Robertson in a new interview that he will make it safe to say  Merry Christmas You ll be saying Merry Christmas again soon Pat Robertson, the  700 Club  host and Christian Broadcasting Network founder, asked President Trump if he is going to  take on heavyweights.  The president said that he doesn t want to take on lightweights. He then turned to the topic of religious liberty: We have to bring our country back. Our country was going in the wrong direction. And by the way, what they were doing to religious liberty: They were destroying religious liberty. He then added this firm statement on the effort to bring back Christian liberty in America:  You will be saying  Merry Christmas  again very soon Robertson responded:  We ll count on it. President Trump previously stated that Democrats had been taking the wrong steps to improve the lives of all Americans: You couldn t build, you couldn t do anything One of the focuses of the Trump agenda has been stripping away regulations so Americans can be more productive. In addition, the president believes in stripping away all of the supposed politically correct phrases including  Happy Holidays . He s drawn a red line on those who insist on shaming anyone who chooses to say  Merry Christmas .While on the campaign trail, candidate Trump criticized the use of  Happy Holidays  as a substitute for  Merry Christmas .  His support among Evangelical Christians has remained high, with many including Robertson praising his appointment of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. ",0
10408,JPMORGAN CEO Blows Up at the DC Dysfunction: Tired of Listening to the ‘Stupid Sh*t’ [Video],"JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon went on a rant about the dysfunction in DC during the company s earnings conference call Friday: The U.S. has become  one of the most bureaucratic, confusing, litigious societies on the planet Dimon had been considered for a position in President Trump s cabinet. He s been an adviser to Trump too. While there are some things Dimon clearly disagrees with the president on, they are able to work together: He is the President of the United States. I believe he is the pilot flying our airplane,  Dimon said,  I would try to help any President of the United States because I m a patriot. During the bank s annual meeting in May, 2016, Dimon reportedly commented on what he thinks the government should work on:Dimon emphasized the areas he believes are in serious need of fixing, including education, infrastructure, and tax reform. Our corporate tax system is driving capital and brains overseas and excessive regulation is reducing growth and business formation particularly for small businesses. THE STUPID SH*T WE HAVE TO DEAL WITH IN THIS COUNTRY It s almost embarrassment to be an American citizen traveling around the world and listening to the stupid s  we have to deal with in this country,  Dimon said in response to an analyst question. Since the Great Recession, which is now 8 years old, we ve been growing at 1.5 to 2 percent in spite of stupidity and political gridlock, because the American business sector is powerful and strong,  he said.  What I m saying is that it would be much stronger growth if there were more intelligent decisions and less gridlock. The executive of the U.S. banking giant cited travels to countries such as France, Argentina, Israel and Ireland. The U.S. has become  one of the most bureaucratic, confusing, litigious societies on the planet  and  it s hurting the average American that we don t have these right policies,  he said.JPMorgan Chase reported earnings that handily beat Wall Street estimates Friday. However, the bank lowered its forecast for lending revenue.DC has been in gridlock over the health care bill, which is holding up the passage of new legislation on tax reform. The Senate cut short its August recess by two weeks in order to deal with health care. There are about a dozen Senators opposed to the current bill citing the possibility that this new health care bill is  Obamacare lite . Senator Rand Paul has voiced strong opposition to this new bill.Here s the transcript from Dimon:Since the Great Recession which is now eight years old we ve been growing at 1.5 to 2% despite the stupidity and political gridlock. Because the American business sector is powerful and strong and is going to grow regardless of they went to feed their kids and want to buy home they want to do things the same as American businesses what I m saying is it would be much stronger growth had we made intelligent decisions and that gridlock, and thank you for pointing it out because I m going to be a broken record until this gets done, we are unable to build bridges, unable to build airports, not graduating.I was just in France, in Argentina, Israel, Ireland we met with the Prime Minister of India and China it s amazing to me that every single one of those countries understands that practical policies to promote business growth is good for the average citizens of those countries for jobs and wages and somehow this great American free enterprise system we no longer get it.My view is corporate taxation is critical to that by the way regarding capital brings overseas, which is why the $2 trillion overseas benefiting all these other countries don t like that, so if we don t get our act together we can still grow. It s just unfortunate but it s hurting us, it s hurting the body politic, it s hurting the average American that we don t have these right policies. So no in spite of gridlock we will grow at 1   or 2%.I don t buy the argument that we are relegated to this effort. We are not this administration can make breakthroughs in taxes and infrastructure ready for reform we have become one of the most bureaucratic confusing litigious societies on the planet it s almost an embarrassment be an American citizen traveling around the world and listening to the stupid s  we have to deal with in this country and at one point we have to get our act together. We won t do what were supposed to for the average Americans and unfortunately people write about this like corporations is not corporations competitive taxes are important for business and business growth which is important to jobs in wage growth and we should be making that along to every single one of you every time you talk to a client.VIA: CNBC",0
10409,U.S. NEWS and WORLD REPORT Publishes List Of TOP 10 MOST POPULAR NATIONS Where Refugees Want To Live,"More than 21,000 people from all regions of the world participated in the Best Countries survey, in which they assessed how closely they associated 80 countries with specific characteristics. Four of these    economically stable,   good job market,   income equality  and  is a place I would live    were included in the Best Countries to Be an Immigrant ranking.Countries also were scored in relation to others on the share of migrants in their population; the amount of remittances the migrants they host sent home; and graded on a United Nations assessment of integration measures provided for immigrants, such as language training and transfers of job certifications, and the rationale behind current integration policies. [LOL! NOT assimilation! ed]Note how important remittances are! Those are dollars sent out of the host economy and I will bet a buck that any economic study that seeks to justify migration benefits to a country, NEVER factors in how much of the migrants  earnings (or their welfare payments!) are sent OUT of the country (and thus lost to the host country s economy!). Ann Corcoran Refugee Resettlement Watch1. Sweden (this, coincidentally, is the country I have for a long time ranked as #1 to fall to the Islamists!)2. Canada (just be sure our northern border is fortified!)3. Switzerland4. Australia5. Germany6. Norway7. US8. Netherlands9. Finland10.DenmarkNotice that Arab (mostly Muslim) countries are not a desired destination. Gee, why is that?",0
10410,"BREAKING: PETER W. SMITH, GOP Operative Who Sought Hillary Clinton’s Missing Emails FOUND DEAD In Hotel Room","The plot thickens Republican donor and operative from Chicago s North Shore who said he had tried to obtain Hillary Clinton s missing emails from Russian hackers killed himself in a Minnesota hotel room days after talking to The Wall Street Journal about his efforts, public records show.In a room at a Rochester hotel used almost exclusively by Mayo Clinic patients and relatives, Peter W. Smith, 81, left a carefully prepared file of documents, which includes a statement police called a suicide note in which he said he was in ill health and a life insurance policy was expiring.Days earlier, the financier from suburban Lake Forest gave an interview to the Journal about his quest, and it published stories about his efforts beginning in late June. The Journal also reported it had seen emails written by Smith showing his team considered retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, then a top adviser to Republican Donald Trump s campaign, as an ally. Flynn briefly was President Trump s national security adviser and resigned after it was determined he had failed to disclose contacts with Russia.At the time, the newspaper reported Smith s May 14 death came about 10 days after he granted the interview. Mystery shrouded how and where he had died, but the lead reporter on the stories said on a podcast he had no reason to believe the death was the result of foul play and that Smith likely had died of natural causes.The Journal stories said it was on Labor Day weekend in 2016 that Smith had assembled a team to acquire emails the team theorized might have been stolen from the private server Clinton had used while secretary of state. Smith s focus was the more than 30,000 emails Clinton said she deleted because they related to personal matters. A huge cache of other Clinton emails were made public.Smith told the Journal he believed the missing emails might have had been obtained by Russian hackers. He also said he thought the correspondence related to Clinton s official duties. He told the Journal he worked independently and was not part of the Trump campaign. He also told the Journal he and his team found five groups of hackers   two of them Russian groups   who claimed to have Clinton s missing emails.Smith had a history of doing opposition research, the formal term for unflattering information that political operatives dig up about rival candidates.For years, Democratic President Bill Clinton was Smith s target. The wealthy businessman had a hand in exposing the  Troopergate  allegations about Bill Clinton s sex life. And he discussed financing a probe of a 1969 trip Bill Clinton had taken while in college to the Soviet Union, according to Salon magazine.Smith s death occurred at the Aspen Suites in Rochester, records show. They list the cause of death as  asphyxiation due to displacement of oxygen in confined space with helium. Rochester Police Chief Roger Peterson on Wednesday called his manner of death  unusual,  but a funeral home worker said he d seen it before.An employee with Rochester Cremation Services, the funeral home that responded to the hotel, said he helped remove Smith s body from his room and recalled seeing a tank.However, the Chicago Tribune obtained a Minnesota state death record filed in Olmsted County that says Smith committed suicide in a hotel near the Mayo Clinic at 1:17 p.m. on Sunday, May 14. He was found with a bag over his head with a source of helium attached. A medical examiner s report gives the same account, without specifying the time, and a report from Rochester police further details his suicide.In the note recovered by police, Smith apologized to authorities and said that  NO FOUL PLAY WHATSOEVER  was involved in his death. He wrote that he was taking his own life because of a  RECENT BAD TURN IN HEALTH SINCE JANUARY, 2017  and timing related  TO LIFE INSURANCE OF $5 MILLION EXPIRING. One of Smith s former employees told the Tribune he thought the elderly man had gone to the famed clinic to be treated for a heart condition. Mayo spokeswoman Ginger Plumbo said Thursday she could not confirm Smith had been a patient, citing medical privacy laws.Peter Smith wrote two blog posts dated the day before he was found dead. One challenged U.S. intelligence agency findings that Russia interfered with the 2016 election. Another post predicted:  As attention turns to international affairs, as it will shortly, the Russian interference story will die of its own weight. Chicago Tribune h/t Gary Klug  @garyinlv01 Peter W. Smith tweeted an interesting article on January 16, 2017. The article says Russian hackers did not hack the DNC emails and that the person who hacked them is a Russian named Dmitri Alperovitch who also worked for Barack Obama.Russian ex-national guards U.S. nuclear codes for Obama https://t.co/j0vz8h1Cmx  Peter W. Smith (@PTRSIH) January 16, 2017State of The Nation 2012   Russians did not hack the DNC system, a Russian named Dmitri Alperovitch is the hacker and he works for President Obama. In the last five years the Obama administration has turned exclusively to one Russian to solve every major cyber-attack in America, whether the attack was on the U.S. government or a corporation. Only one  super-hero cyber-warrior  seems to  have the codes  to figure out  if  a system was hacked and by  whom. Dmitri s company, CrowdStrike has been called in by Obama to solve mysterious attacks on many high level government agencies and American corporations, including: German Bundestag, Democratic National Committee, Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC), the White House, the State Department, SONY, and many others.CrowdStrike s philosophy is:  You don t have a malware problem; you have an adversary problem. CrowdStrike has played a critical role in the development of America s cyber-defense policy. Dmitri Alperovitch and George Kurtz, a former head of the FBI cyberwarfare unit founded CrowdStrike. Shawn Henry, former executive assistant director at the FBI is now CrowdStrike s president of services. The company is crawling with former U.S. intelligence agents.Before Alperovitch founded CrowdStrike in 2011, he was working in Atlanta as the chief threat officer at the antivirus software firm McAfee, owned by Intel (a DARPA company). During that time, he  discovered  the Chinese had compromised at least seventy-one companies and organizations, including thirteen defense contractors, three electronics firms, and the International Olympic Committee. He was the only person to notice the biggest cyberattack in history! Nothing suspicious about that.Alperovitch and the DNCAfter CrowdStrike was hired as an independent  vendor  by the DNC to investigate a possible cyberattack on their system, Alperovitch sent the DNC a proprietary software package called Falcon that monitors the networks of its clients in real time. According to Alperovitch, Falcon  lit up,  within ten seconds of being installed at the DNC. Alperovitch had his  proof  in TEN SECONDS that Russia was in the network. This  alleged  evidence of Russian hacking has yet to be shared with anyone.As Donald Trump has pointed out, the FBI, the agency that should have been immediately involved in hacking that effects  National Security,  has yet to even examine the DNC system to begin an investigation. Instead, the FBI and 16 other U.S.  intelligence  agencies simply  agree  with Obama s most trusted  cyberwarfare  expert Dmitri Alperovitch s  TEN SECOND  assessment that produced no evidence to support the claim.Also remember that it is only Alperovitch and CrowdStrike that claim to have evidence that it was Russian hackers. In fact, only two hackers were found to have been in the system and were both identified by Alperovitch as Russian FSB (CIA) and the Russian GRU (DoD). It is only Alperovitch who claims that he knows that it is Putin behind these two hackers.Alperovitch failed to mention in his conclusive  TEN SECOND  assessment that Guccifer 2.0 had already hacked the DNC and made available to the public the documents he hacked   before Alperovitch did his ten second assessment. Alperovitch reported that no other hackers were found, ignoring the fact that Guccifer 2.0 had already hacked and released DNC documents to the public. Alperovitch s assessment also goes directly against Julian Assange s repeated statements that the DNC leaks did not come from the Russians.The ridiculously fake cyber-attack assessment done by Alperovitch and CrowdStrike na vely flies in the face of the fact that a DNC insider admitted that he had released the DNC documents. Julian Assange implied in an interview that the murdered Democratic National Committee staffer, Seth Rich, was the source of a trove of damaging emails the website posted just days before the party s convention. Seth was on his way to testify about the DNC leaks to the FBI when he was shot dead in the street.It is also absurd to hear Alperovitch state that the Russian FSB (equivalent to the CIA) had been monitoring the DNC site for over a year and had done nothing. No attack, no theft, and no harm was done to the system by this  false-flag cyber-attack  on the DNC   or at least, Alperovitch  reported  there was an attack. The second hacker, the supposed Russian military (GRU   like the U.S. DoD) hacker, had just entered the system two weeks before and also had done  nothing  but observe.It is only Alperovitch s word that reports that the Russian FSB was  looking for files on Donald Trump.  It is only this false claim that spuriously ties Trump to the  alleged  attack. It is also only Alperovitch who believes that this hack that was supposedly  looking for Trump files  was an attempt to  influence  the election. No files were found about Trump by the second hacker, as we know from Wikileaks and Guccifer 2.0 s leaks. To confabulate that  Russian s hacked the DNC to influence the elections  is the claim of one well-known Russian spy. Then, 17 U.S. intelligence agencies unanimously confirm that Alperovitch is correct   even though there is no evidence and no investigation was ever conducted.How does Dmitri Alperovitch have such power? Why did Obama again and again use Alperovitch s company, CrowdStrike, when they have miserably failed to stop further cyber-attacks on the systems they were hired to protect? Why should anyone believe CrowdStrikes false-flag report?After documents from the DNC continued to leak, and Guccifer 2.0 and Wikileaks made CrowdStrike s report look foolish, Alperovitch decided the situation was far worse than he had reported. He single-handedly concluded that the Russians were conducting an  influence operation  to help win the election for Trump. This false assertion had absolutely no evidence to back it up.On July 22, three days before the Democratic convention in Philadelphia, WikiLeaks dumped a massive cache of emails that had been  stolen  (not hacked) from the DNC. Reporters soon found emails suggesting that the DNC leadership had favored Hillary Clinton in her primary race against Bernie Sanders, which led Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the DNC chair, along with three other officials, to resign.Just days later, it was discovered that the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) had been hacked. CrowdStrike was called in again and once again, Alperovitch immediately  believed  that Russia was responsible. A lawyer for the DCCC gave Alperovitch permission to confirm the leak and to name Russia as the suspected author. Two weeks later, files from the DCCC began to appear on Guccifer 2.0 s website. This time Guccifer released information about Democratic congressional candidates who were running close races in Florida, Ohio, Illinois, and Pennsylvania. On August 12, Guccifer went further, publishing a spreadsheet that included the personal email addresses and phone numbers of nearly two hundred Democratic members of Congress.Once again, Guccifer 2.0 proved Alperovitch and CrowdStrike s claims to be grossly incorrect about the hack originating from Russia, with Putin masterminding it all. Nancy Pelosi offered members of Congress Alperovitch s suggestion of installing Falcon, the system that failed to stop cyberattacks at the DNC, on all congressional laptops.Key Point: Once Falcon was installed on the computers of members of the U.S. Congress, CrowdStrike had even further full access into U.S. government accounts.Obama   No Friend of AmericaObama is no friend of America in the war against cyber-attacks. The very agencies and departments being defended by Michael Alperovitch s  singular and most brilliant  ability to write encryption codes have all been successfully attacked and compromised since Michael set up the codes. But we shouldn t worry, because if there is a cyberattack in the Obama administration, Michael s son Dmitri is called in to  prove  that it isn t the fault of his father s codes. It was the  damn Russians , or even  Putin himself  who attacked American networks.Not one of the 17 U.S. intelligence agencies is capable of figuring out a successful cyberattack against America without Michael and Dmitri s help. Those same 17 U.S. intelligence agencies were not able to effectively launch a successful cyberattack against Russia. It seems like the Russian s have strong codes and America has weak codes. We can thank Michael and Dmitri Alperovitch for that.It is clear that there was no DNC hack beyond Guccifer 2.0. Dmitri Alperovitch is a  frontman  for his father s encryption espionage mission.Is it any wonder that Trump says that he has  his own people  to deliver his intelligence to him that is outside of the infiltrated U.S. government intelligence agencies and the Obama administration? Isn t any wonder that citizens have to go anywhere BUT the MSM to find real news or that the new administration has to go to independent news to get good intel?It is hard to say anything more damnable than to again quote Dmitri on these very issues:  If someone steals your keys to encrypt the data, it doesn t matter how secure the algorithms are.  Dmitri Alperovitch, founder of CrowdStrikeFor entire story: The State of The Nation 2012",0
10411,EXTRAORDINARY DETAILS EMERGE About How Senator John McCain Got “Dirty Dossier” On President Trump From Ex-Spy…Where’s The Media Outrage?,"Where was the media s outrage when a sitting United States senator, John McCain went on a wild goose chase, that led him overseas, in an effort to obtain what he believed was incriminating evidence that could be used to harm President Trump? How is it okay for Senator John McCain to actively seek dirt on a sitting president, but not okay for Donald Trump Jr. (who is NOT a government official) to meet with a Russian lawyer in an attempt to discover potential dirt on presidential candidate Hillary Clinton?Sen. John McCain commented on Tuesday about Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with the Russian lawyer. How serious do you think this particular shoe is?  Raju asked, referring to Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with Kremlin-linked lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya after being promised dirt on Clinton that was reportedly part of a Russian government effort. I don t know. But it s certainly another shoe that s dropped that needs to be pursued and looked at,  McCain said.  TPMWatch RINO Senator John McCain express his concern overt the seriousness of Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with the Russian lawyer about the lifting US sanctions on Russian adoption. It s curious that the reporter never asked McCain about his efforts to smear our president with a unsubstantiated dirty dossier from an ex-spy:Before we go any further into the messy details of John McCain s international dealings to find dirt on our sitting president, it s worth mentioning that as far as we know, no one was murdered as a result of Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya, who entered the US without a visa under  extraordinary circumstances  thanks to the efforts of Barack Obama s DOJ. The same cannot be said about McCain s dealings with the  dirty dossier  on Trump. Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya is also said to have ties to Fusion GPS, the sketchy secretive Washington firm that commissioned the dubious intelligence dossier on Donald Trump.According to the Daily Caller   The Russian lawyer who offered Donald Trump Jr. damaging information about former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reportedly has ties to the opposition research firm that commissioned the dossier on President Donald Trump.When the June 2016 meeting took place, Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya was in New York to defend Prevezon, a Russian holding firm accused of laundering money for corrupt Russian businessmen. Veselnitskaya had been working on the case for years with assistance from Fusion GPS, the opposition research firm that compiled the Trump dossier.Fusion GPS denied any knowledge of, or role in, facilitating the meeting between Veselnitskaya and Trump Jr.According to The Sun: A FORMER KGB spy chief suspected of helping Brit spook Christopher Steele compile the Trump  dirty dossier  has been found dead in his car under mysterious circumstances.Oleg Erovinkin, described as a key source behind the widely discredited document, was found dead in the back of his car in Moscow on Boxing Day.Today, the Daily Mail reports: Sen. John McCain said he did  what any citizen would do  in turning over the dirty dossier, which contained unconfirmed secrets about the president-elect, over to the FBI.The Guardian charted the path of how the dossier came to be and how it was that McCain got his hands on the controversial documents.In turn, that firm outsourced the research to a  retired western European former counter-intelligence official, with a long history of dealing with the shadow world of Moscow s spooks and siloviki (securocrats),  explained the Guardian.Yesterday, the Wall Street Journal identified the ex-spy as Christopher Steele.The Guardian pointed out that just because a Democrat was willing to pay for the information that didn t mean that said Democrat was Hillary Clinton s campaign or the Democratic National Committee.Sometimes donors seek out this information in order to ensure they ve made a sound investment.***Yeah okay!***The contractor, who the Guardian didn t name, but the Wall Street Journal identified as Steele, reportedly found the information that he dug up to be concerning. He and another ex-British diplomat, Christopher Burrows, run their own company, Orbis Business Intelligence. If the allegations were real, their implications were overwhelming,  the Guardian wrote.On November 18, at the Halifax International Security Forum, McCain was introduced to a  former senior western diplomat  who had set eyes on the documents and knew who put them together, telling the Arizona Republican that the individual was  highly reliable. That man can now be named as Sir Andrew Wood, British ambassador to Moscow from 1995 to 2000.Wood told the Independent that he had met McCain, spoken to him about Trump, and about the potential for him to be compromised.In a carefully nuanced statement he said:  Yes I did meet Senator McCain and his aides at the conference. We spoke about the kind of activities the Russians can be engaged in. We also spoke about how Mr Trump may find himself in a position where there could be an attempt to blackmail him with Kompromat [a Russian term for compromising material] and claims that there were audio and video tapes in existence.   He added:  I would like to stress that I did not pass on any dossier to Senator McCain or anyone else and I did not see a dossier at the time. I do know Christopher Steele and in my view he is very professional and thorough in what he does. He did not however address whether he told McCain there was a dossier   and how to get it.Clearly, somebody did.From there, McCain dispatched a  trusted emissary  who flew across the Atlantic to meet the source of the documents at an airport that the Guardian did not name.The aide was instructed to look for a man with a copy of the Financial Times and that s how the individuals met, with the source taking McCain s emissary back to his house and giving the American a copy of the documents.Within 24 hours, the dossier was in Washington, though the contents of the file couldn t be verified without an investigation.  McCain, the Guardian said, was worried that his actions might be interpreted as revenge for some of the controversial comments Trump made about him   such as knocking the fact that the longtime senator had been a prisoner of war.However, McCain decided to hand over the documents to FBI Director James Comey on December 9. Upon examination of the contents, and unable to make a judgment about their accuracy, I delivered the information to the Director of the FBI,  McCain said Wednesday in a statement about that matter. That has been the extent of my contact with the FBI or any other government agency regarding this issue,  McCain said.For entire story: Daily Mail ",0
10412,"OBAMA’S DOJ LET Russian Lawyer Into U.S. WITHOUT A VISA Under “Extraordinary Circumstances” Before She Met With Donald Trump Jr…Lawyer Has Ties To Left-Wing Democrat Activist, Major Hillary Supporter","In July of 2016, Donald Trump, Jr. met a 42-year-old Russian attorney named Natalia Veselnitskaya who had promised him damaging information about then-candidate Hillary Clinton. One of his father s contacts, a music publicist named Rob Goldstone, had arranged the meeting as a favor to a client of his, the Azeri real estate developer and pop singer Emin. Goldstone had worked with the Trumps on the 2013 Miss Universe pageant in Moscow. There were other reasons to take the meeting, too: Emin s father, Aras Agalarov, is the 51st-richest man in Russia and an instrumental figure in the President s aborted foray into Russian real estate: the Moscow tower he tried and failed to erect.Trump Jr. has said he knew absolutely nothing about Veselnitskaya before their meeting, not even her name. She turned out to use the promise of information that could help his father s campaign as a pretext to discuss reinstating a popular Russian-American adoption program, according to his version of events. What could be more harmless?In fact, Veselnitskaya was already a key figure for the defense in one of the most notorious money-laundering scandals in recent memory, encompassing $230 million in public funds allegedly stolen from the Russians by a network of corrupt bureaucrats and routed into real estate sales, including some in Manhattan, through ironclad Swiss bank accounts. And she was accused of lobbying U.S. officials for a Russian NGO that sought to overturn the Russian ban on U.S. adoptions, according to a complaint filed with the U.S. Justice Department and Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA).-TPMThe Hill -The Russian lawyer who penetrated Donald Trump s inner circle was initially cleared into the United States by the Justice Department under  extraordinary circumstances  before she embarked on a lobbying campaign last year that ensnared the president s eldest son, members of Congress, journalists and State Department officials, according to court and Justice Department documents and interviews.This revelation means it was the Obama Justice Department that enabled the newest and most intriguing figure in the Russia-Trump investigation to enter the country without a visa.Later, a series of events between an intermediary for the attorney and the Trump campaign ultimately led to the controversy surrounding Donald Trump Jr.Just five days after meeting in June 2016 at Trump Tower with Trump Jr., Trump s son-in-law Jared Kushner and then-Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort, Moscow attorney Natalia Veselnitskaya showed up in Washington in the front row of a House Foreign Affairs Committee hearing on Russia policy, video footage of the hearing shows.Veselnitskaya also attended a dinner with the chairman of the House subcommittee overseeing Russia policy, Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-Calif.) and roughly 20 other guests at a dinner club frequented by Republicans.Rohrabacher said he believed Veselnitskaya and her U.S. colleagues, which included former Rep. Ronald Dellums (D-Calif.), were lobbying other lawmakers to reverse the Magnitsky Act and restore the ability of Americans to adopt Russian children that Moscow had suspended.Daily Caller   Radical left-wing icon former California Democratic Rep. Ron Dellums was a hired lobbyist for Natalia Veselnitskaya, the Russian lawyer who met with Donald Trump Jr. June 9, 2016, the Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group has learned.Dellums, who represented liberal San Francisco and Oakland, Calif., is a long-time darling of left-wing political activists. He served 13 terms in Congress as an African-American firebrand and proudly called himself a socialist. He retired in 1996.The former congressman is one of several high-profile Democratic partisans who was on Veselnitskaya s payroll, working to defeat a law that is the hated object of a personal vendetta waged by Russian President Vladimir Putin.Former Democratic Congressman and Oakland, CA Mayor Ronald Dellums endorsed Hillary Clinton for President against Barack Obama in 2008:Ronald Dellums endorsed Hillary again in 2016. I don t think this was very heavily lobbied at all compared with the other issues we deal with,  Rohrabacher said.As for his former congressional colleague Dellums, Rohrabacher said he recalled having a conversation about the Magnitsky Act and the adoption issue:  Ron and I like each other   I have to believe he was a hired lobbyist but I don t know. Here s how Veselnitskaya is tied to the massive 2013 money laundering scheme and the controversial piece of legislation: 2012 s Magnitsky Act that involved Denis Katsyv, the son of Russian railroad baron Petr Katsyv and owner of the Prevezon group. It was the Magnitsky Act that Veselnitskaya allegedly discussed in her meeting with Donald Trump Jr.:TPM    In 2013, Veselnitskaya agreed to represent Denis Katsyv, The younger Katsyv was accused of collaborating with corrupt Russian officials in the money-laundering scheme. Then-U.S. attorney and  Sheriff of Wall Street  Preet Bharara (who was appointed US Attorney in Manhattan by Barack Obama and was fired by President Trump in March) led the charge against Prevezon; the company, his office said, had used cash from the theft to buy condos in Bharara s jurisdiction.Katsyv had been Veselnitskaya s highest-profile client by far, and his defense would be a world-historic success not just for the wealthy real estate investor, but for the Russian establishment under President Vladimir Putin.Until this weekend, the closest Veselnitskaya had come to the public eye was as a footnote to the compounding scandal of the Prevezon affair. Veselnitskaya had come to the United States with Katsyv, who was to be deposed by Bharara s team. Not only wasn t she deposed herself, she didn t attend her client s deposition in person. But after the deposition, she moved to the Plaza Hotel for the remaining two nights of her stay at a cost of $995 per night. Her firm then billed the U.S. government for the entire stay, as well as a single meal for five that included eight grappas, two bottles of wine, eighteen dishes and a bill that came to nearly $800. The group s total expenses topped $50,000, and they promised to file more.The legal proceedings in which Veselnitskaya was enmeshed contain a spy novel s-worth of twists, turns and tragic, suspicious accidents. Sergei Magnitsky, a whistleblowing accountant who called attention to Russian bureaucrats  alleged widespread embezzlement, was arrested and detained without trial for nearly a year until his death in 2009 from what prison staff described as  pancreonecrosis, ruptured abdominal membrane and toxic shock,  according to the U.S. government s suit against Prevezon. The Russian Interior Ministry later revised the cause of death to heart failure. When Magnitsky s family examined his body, they found bruises and that his fingers had been broken, according to an early draft of a report by then-president Dmitry Medvedev s own investigative committee.The incident led to a controversial piece of legislation: 2012 s Magnitsky Act, which sanctioned 18 Russian officials believed by the US to have been involved in Magnitsky s death. Five days later, the Russian parliament voted to ban adoptions of Russian children by Americans, a move understood to be retaliation for the Magnitsky Act. Putin, by that time president of Russia again, also began to compile an  anti-Magnitsky  list of his own, according to the New York Times. Bharara was among the prominent names on it.Magnitsky s death, and the original theft by Russian bureaucrats, are believed by many, including Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), to be the work of the Klyuev Group, a network of criminals working in the Russian government to enrich themselves at the expense of Russian citizens (its exploits are chronicled in English in a number of articles by reporter Michael Weiss). Magnitsky and others sought to expose what they believed was hundreds of millions of dollars  worth of graft by the group.The suit against Prevezon never went to trial. On March 11, Donald Trump fired Bharara, and on March 21, Nikolai Gorokhov, the Magnitsky family s attorney and a key witness for the prosecution, fell from the fourth floor of an apartment building, apparently when a rope broke while he and others were trying to move a bathtub in through the window. He sustained head injuries. ",0
10413,"WATCH: STONE-FACED ANDERSON COOPER Gets Schooled By Trump’s Deputy Assistant On Fake News…”I know you want salacious, sensational coverage for your ratings, so your corporate sponsors and owners will have more money but that’s not media”","President Trump s deputy assistant Sebastian Gorka appeared on Anderson Cooper s 360 show, where he admonished the network for making up news about the Trump administration being  in crisis  and that they were in  bunker mentality  following the news story that broke about a June 2016 meeting between Donald Trump Jr. and a Russian Lawyer who promised dirt on Hillary, but instead wanted to talk about Russian adoptions. Gorka told Cooper, It s laughable. Your chyron talked about a bunker mentality. I actually work in the West Wing, I work in the White House. It is absolutely nothing of the kind, Trump s Deputy Assistant continued,  We are pushing the  Make America Great Again  agenda, the president is a steam locomotive that cannot be stopped, it s just fake news. I m sad to see CNN fall to this. Gorka continued with his tongue-lashing of CNN s stone-faced host Cooper Anderson:  I know you want salacious, sensational coverage for your ratings, so your corporate sponsors and owners will have more money but that s not media, that s not reportage, it s just fake news. Cooper, remained surprisingly stoic as Gorka outed CNN s real agenda, which is clearly not reporting actual news, but instead, chasing ratings and ultimately money from advertisers. When Gorka appeared to be finished, Cooper replied,  Okay, I m just going to ignore the insults because I don t think it gets us anywhere.  Gorka quickly replied saying,  It s not about you, its about actually having journalism back on TV. Where are the Walter Cronkite s of yesteryear? This is just about ratings and money. It s actually quite sad. TRUMPSTERS NEWS TRUTH ,https://t.co/VW6eRiutDD  cp (@Gumball55668882) July 13, 2017",0
10414,"LADY IN RED: Watch President Trump and Our Stunning First Lady’s Arrival in Paris, France","A stunning Melania Trump accompanied President Trump as they arrived in Paris, France for Bastille Day celebrations. The First Lady wore a red two-piece suit. Beautiful!Most notable was that she wore her long hair in a chic chignon. The word  chignon  comes from the French phrase  chignon du cou , which means nape of the neck. Wonderful!THE FULL WELCOME CEREMONY: President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump receive a royal welcome to Paris by President Emmanuel MacronWithin an hour of touching down in France, our First Lady visited a children s hospital: She spoke fluent French to the patients and staff. Melania Trump famously speaks 6 languages fluently.#FLOTUS visiting a Paris hospital within about an hour of arriving in France. #NonStopHighEnergy #MAGA   pic.twitter.com/h5We49JhMb  #ILoveMyPresident (@GodlessNZ) July 13, 2017",0
10415,WATCH AND LAUGH: Sebastian Gorka Tells CNN’s Camerota That More People Watch Cartoons Than Them [Video],"Sebastian Gorka does a mic drop on CNN anchor Alison Camerota when he tells her more people watch Nick at Nite and cartoons than they watch CNN:WATCH AND LAUGH: Sebastian Gorka tells CNN that more people watch Nick-at-Nite and cartoons then them. #Trump #CNNBlackmail pic.twitter.com/uwEKMoCqrR  Tim Young (@TimRunsHisMouth) July 12, 2017Sebastian Gorka, President Trump s deputy assistant, mocked CNN s ratings on its morning program  New Day  on Tuesday, stating in a contentious interview with co-anchor Alisyn Camerota that  more people watch Nick at Nite cartoons than CNN today. This interview between Gorka and Camerota went from cordial to personal really quickly! Alison Camerota asked about Iraqi forces defeating ISIS to win back the city of Mosul. But Camerota couldn t help herself so she pivoted to the Trump-Russia fake news topic:Camerota goes partisan:  Is it possible that your team is obsessed with the Clintons? Gorka starts to get into with Camerota:  No. We d like you to actually do your job. You aren t in the news business anymore. You used to be. You are in the attacking President Trump business. And it s sad. It s really sad. Camerota:  It s interesting. Look, I know you have to go, and I didn t even want to go down this rabbit hole with you. When you take shots at us and at journalism, at CNN, Gorka interrupted with this zinger:  Not journalism. CNN. Camerota said Gorka was the one who asked to appear on the network.Camerota responded:  OK. When you take shots at CNN, I do feel that I must respond and just point out that you called us yesterday to come on here. Gorka shot back: That s what we do. The amount of time you spend in desperation on a topic that has plummeted you to 13th place in viewership ranking across America, more people watch Nick at Nite cartoons than CNN today. Camerota shot back:  Our ratings are doing just fine. If you want to go there, our ratings are doing just fine. Gorka s mic drop moment came here:  Nick at Nite is in 11th place. More people are interested in cartoons! ",0
10416,WHOA! NEW EVIDENCE SHOWS Supreme Court Chief Justice Roberts Was “Hacked” By Obama Regime In Same Surveillance Program That Spied On Private Citizen Donald Trump,"Meanwhile, in virtually every media outlet across America, Trump Trump Trump and Russia Russia Russia!Evidence shows that John Roberts, chief justice of the United States Supreme Court, was  hacked  by a Deep State surveillance operation overseen by Obama administration CIA director John Brennan and Obama director of national intelligence James Clapper.Roberts, the Bush appointee who made the decisive vote to uphold the constitutionality of Obamacare before the 2012 election, was allegedly the victim of the same Deep State surveillance program that spied on President Donald Trump.Tapes released by Federal Judge G. Murray Snow   preserved on a Whistleblower Soundcloud page   show real estate billionaire Timothy Blixseth explaining Brennan and Clapper s surveillance program to Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio and detective Mike Zullo. The existence of this surveillance program has been corroborated by Wikileaks   Vault 7  release and by the public comments of former CIA and NSA contractor Dennis Montgomery, who says he worked on the program for Brennan and Clapper.Montgomery has gone public with his claims exposing how the program was used to spy on President Donald Trump when he was a private citizen. Montgomery has gained immunity and desperately wants House Intelligence Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes or other lawmakers to call him to testify about what he knows.On the explosive tapes, Blixseth walks Arpaio and Zullo through the details of the program on a computer screen. At one point, the three begin pulling up specific names of targeted individuals.LISTEN TO TAPES (at the 18 minute mark HERE) You know who that guy is? That s the head of the FISA court they hacked into, Reggie Walton,  Blixseth tells the investigators. John Roberts, the chief justice of the Supreme Court, was hacked,  Blixseth tells Arpaio and Zullo.Insiders have always been skeptical of Roberts  motives for siding with President Obama on the 2012 Obamacare case. While there s still no available evidence that Roberts was blackmailed, the allegation that he was  hacked  by Obama officials provides some more context into the justice s controversial career.As Big League Politics reported, former FBI director James Comey seized and buried volumes of information that demonstrated this wide-ranging government surveillance operation targeting Donald Trump before he became president.For entire story: Big League Politics",0
10417,LIBERAL NIGHTMARE! HUNDREDS OF VOTERS WITHDRAW Registrations As States Comply With Trump’s Voter Fraud Commission [VIDEO],"If this keeps up, the Democrats will never win another election Several county clerks in Colorado said they ve seen hundreds of people withdraw their voter registrations following the state s announcement that it would comply with President Trump s voter fraud commission.In Denver, a spokesperson for the Denver Elections Division said 180 people have withdrawn their registrations in the county since Monday, according to a Denver Channel report.In Arapahoe County, which contains the city of Aurora, at least 160 people have withdrawn their registrations since July 1.The counties normally see fewer than 10 withdrawn registrations in similar time frames.Colorado Secretary of State Wayne Williams said last week he would submit the registrations requested by the Trump administration.Numerous states have said they won t comply with the request for voter registrations, which include the last four digits of Social Security numbers and other identifying information. CNN reported earlier this week that 44 states refused to comply with the request by Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, who serves as vice chair of the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity.Kobach disputed that number Wednesday, saying only 14 states and the District of Columbia have refused.   Washington Examiner",0
10418,"MORE WINNING! After 14 Year Ban, China Welcomes Back US Beef To Their Multibillion-Dollar Market"," You re gonna be so proud of your country. We re gonna win so much. We re gonna win at every level. We re gonna win so much, you may even get tired of winning. You may even get so tired of winning, and you ll say,  Please, please it s too much winning! We can t take it anymore. Mr. President, it s too much!    Candidate Donald Trump, May, 2016President Trump tweeted about an exciting new opportunity for US cattle farmers, as China lifts 14 year ban on American beef imports: After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture. During his Senate hearing to be confirmed as ambassador to China, then-Gov. Terry Branstad said he would prefer to serve Iowa beef   not cuts from Australia   at the U.S. Embassy there.He won t get that wish yet, but the prime rib he slices into Friday when joined in Beijing by U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue and Chinese government officials to ceremonially mark the return of U.S. beef to China after a 14-year ban will be from closer to home   Nebraska.The meat shipped last week by a South Omaha meatpacker was reported to be the first shipment of U.S. beef to China since 2003 after officials sealed a long-sought trade deal this month. This is a big deal. It s definitely very positive news,  said Lee Schulz, an Iowa State University Extension livestock economist.But Schulz cautioned overcoming the political hurdles that had prevented U.S. beef exports to China over fears associated with mad cow disease are only the first step. It will be some time before American beef becomes  it s what s for dinner  for nearly 1.4 billion Chinese.He described the Chinese market for U.S. beef as  in its infancy  in terms of its impact on Iowa and U.S. producers and processors.The market today is  very different  from 2003, according to Chris Freland, executive director of the Iowa Beef Industry Council. Still, what she saw while visiting China earlier this year makes her believe U.S. beef producers have  an exciting opportunity  to move into the Chinese market. There are a lot of people there   and a rising middle class who can add beef to their diet,  she said.China is projected to become the largest beef market in the world and a major destination for U.S. beef products, according to American Farm Bureau Federation economist Katelyn McCullock. Adding to the market potential is China s changing taste, McCullock said.In 2003, much of the market there was offal   tongues, kidneys and livers, for example. Today, there has been demand for higher-value  muscle cuts  or steak.Before China closed the door on U.S. beef, it imported $70 million worth of beef annually, with the United States supplying 80 percent of that. Today, China imports about $2.6 billion worth of beef every year. Last year, Chinese beef imports totaled 601,000 tons and demand is expected to increase ninefold in four years. So if we can even have a portion of that coming back for Iowa producers, that s a celebration for producer profitability,  Freland said.For entire story: The Gazette ",0
10419,BREAKING: Michigan Native KID ROCK Announces He’s Running For US Senate,"Kid Rock, aka Robert (Bob) Ritchie, a native of Michigan who was born and raised in my hometown of Romeo, just announced on Twitter that he s running for US Senate. As a kid, I remember frequently sitting across from the Ritchie family in our local Catholic church. Kid Rock is a philanthropist who s done so much to help those in need in the city of Detroit. He s also very passionate about supporting our troops. Ritchie s made several overseas trips to play for our troops, and even donated specially designed homes for disabled veterans. Ritchie (Kid Rock) has not yet announced which party he ll be aligning himself with. He s been a staunch supporter of Republican presidential candidates in the past like Mitt Romney, Ben Carson and after he won the GOP primary, Kid Rock got behind Donald Trump. In 2013, Ritchie told Rolling Stones that he considers himself more of a libertarian. Stay tuned I have had a ton of emails and texts asking me if this website is real  https://t.co/RRVgISDFeq The answer is an absolute YES. pic.twitter.com/uYCUg6mjW1  Kid Rock (@KidRock) July 12, 2017Rock is one of the most prominent right-leaning voices in music, but he s also a somewhat irregular Republican:  I don t like the hardcore views on either side and I m not in bed with anybody,  he told Rolling Stone in 2013.  I d probably be more libertarian, but I m a firm believer you have to pick a side. I can t be playing the middle. If Rock runs as a Republican, he ll be up against Trump s Michigan Campaign Chair, Lena Epstein for the GOP nomination.Lena is a candidate the left will have a very hard time defeating. She s Jewish, she s a Harvard grad, and she s a tough-minded, successful business woman who wasn t afraid to jump in and support Trump from the moment he announced he was running. Rock may have his hands full with the very popular Lena Epstein, who we believe has the ability to defeat the very liberal Democrat Senator Debbie Stabenow.  Rock has the star power, but many will question if he s really got what it takes to run for US Senate.CBS Sunday Morning attempts to find out who badass rocker Kid Rock really is in this interview:And for those who might be saying (or thinking) Kid Rock running for Senate is crazy or ridiculous. Keep in mind that Al Franken has been a Senator for 9 years:Democrats on Twitter right now: ""Kid Rock can't be a Senator   that's ridicolous!"" pic.twitter.com/WS1z8dlQxq  Ken Webster Jr (@ProducerKen) July 12, 2017Nancy Pelosi has been a Congresswoman for 30 years:And Maxine  Impeach Trump  Waters has held a political position since 1977 and has been serving in the US House of Representatives since 1991!",0
10420,"MAINE DEMOCRAT Congressman Makes DEATH THREAT Against President Trump…Calls Trump Supporters A**holes, Dumb F**ks","Maine State Representative Scott Hamann (D) is clearly an unhinged individual who is clearly not stable or responsible enough to be making legislation decisions on behalf of the people in the South Portland district. Hamann s Facebook post reveals just how fearful Democrats are of real change in government. President Trump has managed to get under the skin of and expose the truth nature behind the most intolerant group of people America. Not since the civil rights era have we seen such hatred towards anyone who is unlike them. Unfortunately for the Democrats, the hate that these government officials and Hollywood celebrities are spewing every day isn t going to help them to regain power. Contrary to what they believe, Americans are leaving the Democrat Party in droves, as they are waking up to the fact that these individuals are not only okay with using violence and vulgarity to shut down anyone who disagrees with them, but they are also the least tolerant and divisive group of people in America.Daily Caller -A Democratic state lawmaker in Maine appears to have made a death threat against President Trump. Trump is a half term president, at most, especially if I ever get within 10 feet of that pussy,  Rep. Scott Hamann wrote in a lengthy Facebook tirade on Tuesday.Hamann, who represents a district in South Portland and also works as project manager for a food bank, appears to have been responding to another Facebook user who expressed support for Trump.Hamann accused Trump of being  anti-American,  and an  admitted rapist  who was  installed by the Russians. Here is Rep. Scott Hamann s repulsive Facebook post:The 3-term Democrat is being asked to resign by Maine Republicans, who were furious over his Facebook post.  House Speaker Sara Gideon, D-Freeport, to take action against him.Press Herald   Hamann has since removed the post from his Facebook page, but the Maine Republican Party was able to make a copy before he did so. In the closing sentence Hamann writes,  Trump is a half term president, at most, especially if I ever get within 10 feet of that pussy. Hamann, who is serving his third term in the Legislature, also lashes out at Trump s supporters and makes reference to the president s controversial statements about women and Republican U.S. Sen. John McCain, a prisoner of war survivor who was held in Vietnam. He s an admitted rapist,  Hamann wrote of the president.  Would you be okay with leaving him alone in a room with your wife? Demi Kouzounas, the chairwoman of the Maine Republican Party, issued a statement calling Hamann  unhinged and dangerous. Words cannot even begin to describe the level of revulsion I feel after reading Rep. Scott Hamann s recent tirade that has come to light,  Kouzounas said in a prepared statement.  Perhaps the most alarming aspect of this tirade is an implied death threat against our President  In a statement Wednesday, Hamann said he regretted the post.",0
10421,GRASSLEY DEMANDS ANSWERS ON TRUMP JR SETUP: Russian Lawyer Tied to DNC Firm…Who Allowed Russian Lawyer Into US After Denied Visa Entry? [Video],"Republican Senator Charles Grassley wants answers on why the Russian lawyer who met with Donald Trump Jr. was allowed in the US after her visa had been denied. Grassley, Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, said on  Fox & Friends  that she  magically appeared  in the US. Grassley has written to the Secretary of State and DHS Secretary in an effort to get to the bottom of this mystery.The second curious connection is that the DNC opposition research firm, Fusion GPS, is connected to the Russian Lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya. Remember that Fusion GPS is responsible for the Trump-Russia Dossier that made scurrilous claims against President Trump including the  golden showers  incident:Circa News Reports: Fusion has been a major focal point of the FBI and Congress because it hired a former British intelligence agent named Christopher Steele to produce a salacious intelligence dossier that made wild and still unsubstantiated claims about Trump ties to Russia.Does anyone else find it curious that this woman claimed to have dirt on Clinton but never produced a thing. Was she told to just say that to get Donald Jr. to meet with her in a set up? Her Facebook profile shows anti-Trump leanings so why would someone anti-Trump want to deliver information to Donald Trump Jr? Also, once they met, she talked about foreign adoption and had nothing on Clinton go figure  Sara Carter of Circa News reported:Russian lawyer who got inside Donald Trump s inner circle had been denied US visa https://t.co/d3Dg59CRM8  Sara A. Carter (@SaraCarterDC) July 9, 2017The US government s immigration policy prevented this woman from coming here but how did she get into the US after being denied? Is our immigration policy that full of holes or is this just more monkey business from the Obama administration and the DNC? One key clue is that the three lawyers arguing in court for the lawyer s entry to the US are all known anti-Trump guys. In particular is the lawyer that Trump had to fire. Remember this guy:Preet Bharara:  I was fired  after refusing to step down https://t.co/tm6Raj0LvI via @Newsday  Catherine (@RealAliCat) July 2, 2017We smell a big setup!",0
10422,DETROIT SCHOOLS CHIEF Wants To Shut Down Charter Schools Ranked “Best In The State” To Focus On Public Schools Ranked “Worst Urban School District In Country”,"Liberal logic 101 The new superintendent for Detroit s public schools said he will recommend the school district no longer authorize charter schools and focus instead on improving its conventional schools, according to the Detroit Free Press. We have to get it right with traditional public schools and our focus, our energy, our resources need to be on that,  Superintendent Nikolai Vitti told the Free Press.Hechinger Report   Since 1994, there has been an extreme decline in Detroit Public Schools  enrollment: 73 percent. This has had a huge impact on the financial stability of the district and the performance of its remaining schools. However, the expansion of charter schools is just one reason for the decline in enrollment. During that same time, the overall population in the city declined by 33 percent. In addition, the district lost a considerable number of students to inter-district choice programs with neighboring school districts, which enroll more students statewide than charter schools.ForTheRecord says: Two charter schools authorized by Detroit s public schools were rated as the best in the state, according to a report card published by the Mackinac Center for Public Policy. The report card examined Michigan s middle and elementary schools and adjusted their rankings to reflect the impact of students  economic background.Detroit s Martin Luther King Jr. Education Center Academy was the top rated elementary and middle school in the state. Ross/Hill Academy was the second-best.Ironically, Detroit s public schools have been rated as the worst large urban school district in the country. In 2009, 2011, 2013 and 2015, the National Assessment of Education Progress did assessments and Detroit was rated as the worst in each time.Washington Examiner   According to a highly regarded study, in just one year Michigan charter school students earn an additional two months of learning gains over their traditional public school counterparts. For Detroit, charter students get an additional three months of learning in math and reading when compared to their traditional school peers.Most Michigan charter schools are authorized by state universities, and most conventional public school districts do not authorize any charters. Detroit is an exception, having authorized 14 charters.  Michigan Capitol Confidential",0
10423,WOW! RUSSIAN LAWYER Who Met With Donald Trump Jr. Seen In Photo With Person Tied To Obama Only 8 Days After Meeting,"Much to the dismay of mainstream media journalists, Donald Trump Jr. released all email communication regarding his meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya today on Twitter. Meanwhile, Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya has told NBC News that she met with Donald Trump Jr. to discuss sanctions, that she did not have any Kremlin connections, and that she did not hand over information about Hillary s campaign.She confirmed her meeting with Donald Trump Jr. was about Russian adoptions in the US.But is there more to Natalia Veselnitskaya than meets the eye? Who is she? Does she have ties to Obama and the Democratic Party? Was the meeting with Donald Trump Jr. a set up?According to The Gateway Pundit: The law firm where Veselnitskaya is listed as managing partner, Kamerton Consulting, is based in a Moscow suburb and does not even have a website.A staff member at Kamerton told The Associated Press Veselnitskaya was unavailable for comment on Monday.Her office in Moscow may be a shell. There is no working phone, email or website.Russian President Vladimir Putin s spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Monday that the Kremlin is unaware of a meeting between Trump s senior staff and Veselnitskaya and  does not know who that is. Peskov said, No, we don t know who that is and obviously we can t monitor all meetings Russian lawyers hold both in Russia and abroad. Now this Natalia Veselnitskaya was sitting with Obama s Ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul during a Foreign Affairs Committee hearing, 8 days after cold-contacting Trump Jr. in Trump Tower.Here s a shot showing who appears to be Natalia Veselnitskaya, sitting behind  from the June 14, 2016 Congressional hearing on Russia and the Ukraine.Natalia Veselnitskaya photo:MORE  That looks like Emin Agalarov sitting next to Natalia Veselnitskaya. He was mentioned in Donald Trump Jr s statement this morning. Emin helped set up the meeting with Veselnitskaya.Veselnitskaya was also connected to Fusion GPS, the DNC opposition research firm that produced the fraudulent and discredited Trump Dossier.So why was Veselnitskaya hanging out with Obama officials just days after her meeting with Donald Trump Jr.?And why was Veselnitskaya given a privileged seat up front during the Congressional hearing? ",0
10424,"WATCH: ONE WOMAN Reports The Weather In Sweden, The Other In Iraq…What’s Wrong With This Picture?","Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet on Twitter) posted an interesting video that should cause alarm-bells to go off, no matter where, in the world you live. If you live in Sweden and have been watching your Swedish traditions and culture discarded and replaced with a radical Muslim culture, you probably won t be shocked by this video. If you live in a nation like Germany or the UK that s been importing unvetted refugees from Muslim majority nations for several years, you will probably not be surprised by this video. But for many Americans, who are foolish enough to think that inviting millions of Muslim refugees (who have no interest in assimilating) into your neighborhoods and communities, this video should serve as a warning to you of what a bleeding-heart nation looks like post-idiocy:The weather forecast in Sweden vs the weather forecast in Iraq. pic.twitter.com/t870JhVRSU  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) July 11, 2017So, why is Sweden starting to look like a majority Muslim nation? In 1975, the Swedish parliament unanimously decided to change the former homogeneous Sweden into a multicultural country. Forty years later the dramatic consequences of this experiment emerge: violent crime has increased by 300%.If one looks at the number of rapes, however, the increase is even worse. In 1975, 421 rapes were reported to the police; in 2014, it was 6,620. That is an increase of 1,472%.Sweden is now number two on the global list of rape countries. According to a survey from 2010, Sweden, with 53.2 rapes per 100,000 inhabitants, is surpassed only by tiny Lesotho in Southern Africa, with 91.6 rapes per 100,000 inhabitants.Data Also Suggests the Uptick Is Due to Immigrants More controversial is what explains these increases. Some contend the increase in rape is simply a statistical phenomenon due to the application of an expanded definition of rape in 2005 and again in 2013. Others suggest Swedish women have simply grown bolder about reporting things that happened previously but went unreported. Maybe, but in the same period, as Carlqvist and Hedegaard point out,  the number of gang rapes [in Sweden] increased spectacularly.  In rapes of this kind  culprits and victims are most often young and in almost every case, the perpetrators are of immigrant background, mostly from Muslim countries. Finally, it s also worth pointing out that the rise of rape isn t peculiar to Sweden either. The same problem is plaguing Germany, Austria (more information here), Britain, and other EU nations.   The Federalist",0
10425,WATCH: MSNBC Cuts Mic Of GOP Senator Lindsey Graham When He Brings Up Hillary’s Campaign During Interview About Donald Trump Jr.,"MSNBC s Casey Hunt was interviewing war-hawk and RINO Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC) about the meeting Donald Trump Jr. on Capitol Hill. Senator Lindsey Graham appeared to be concerned about Trump s decision to meet with the Russian lawyer who ended up only wanting to talk about adoptions. Graham inferred that Trump Jr. made a  rookie mistake  saying,  On it s face, this is very problematic. We cannot allow foreign governments to reach out to anybody s campaign and say  we d like to help you.  That is a non-starter. I know that Donald Trump Jr. is new to politics, I know that Jared Kushner is new to politics, but, um this is gonna require a lot of uh questions to be asked and answered. MSNBC was delighted to hear Lindsey Graham questioning Trump Jr. s judgement in agreeing to take the meeting. Graham continued to express his feelings about the meeting, suggesting that Trump Jr. should have to testify about what transpired in the alleged meeting.  Graham was then asked by the MSNBC reporter,  Do you think the White House has been truthful about the version of events that happened and their meetings that occurred between their associates and the Russians?  Graham responded, It s been very frustrating to find out every couple of weeks about a new meeting. I m sure they met with a lot of people during the campaign. I m sure the Clintons met with  And just like magic, as soon as Hillary s name was mentioned, Graham s mic was cut!And just like that Boom! Mic cut. MSNBC had no issues with their sound while Lindsey Graham (who got less than 1% of support from voters against Donald Trump in a crowded field of GOP candidates during the primaries) was feigning concern over Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with the Russian lawyer, but mention Hillary Clinton, and boom the interview with MSNBC is suddenly over.Watch:",0
10426,#YouveBeenTrumped…Journalist Who Tried To Nail Donald Trump Jr. On Russia Story For Over A Year Has Full-Scale Meltdown After Trump Jr. Releases Emails On Twitter,"This is the dumbest and biggest crime in the history of American politics. There's not even a close second.  Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) July 11, 2017It turns out little Jared was wrong. The Donald Trump Jr.-Russian collusion story is not only another nothing burger, it lends more credibility to the theory that the media is on an all-out witch hunt for President Donald Trump. Apparently, the hunt has now been extended to include members of the Trump family.Yates Sexton started his rant on Twitter by whining to his followers about chasing the story for a year, and how he got  Trumped  by Don Jr. when, much like his father, Jr. went around the media and took to Twitter to post the emails journalists were desperate to get their hands on.I chased this story for a year and he just tweeted it out.  Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) July 11, 2017Whining journalist part 2:Like. I spent hours and days and weeks and months. And his son just, hit tweet.  Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) July 11, 2017More whining:I tracked down sources. Followed so many dead leads. Labored over this. And then, he just, you know, tweeted out the proof.  Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) July 11, 2017Still more whining:Like, so many people out there were trying to track this down. And it just got delivered on a tweet. What the hell.  Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) July 11, 2017And you guessed it more whining!It's just so bizarre. As an independent journalist you work crazy hard hoping something will fall into your lap and he tweeted it? 2/  Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) July 11, 2017And then, the fake relief over the release of the nothing burger emails by none other than Donald Trump Jr. himself:For the record, I'm beside myself in relief that this stuff is out there it's just my god. I cannot believe this.  Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) July 11, 2017Yates Sexton then turned his ire on Trump supporters who apparently are (gasp!) laughing at the rabid leftist media who won t let the fake Trump-Russian collusion narrative go:The son of the president just released the smoking gun and the people are laughing about it on the news.  Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) July 11, 2017Poor Jared he s, well, he appears to be  baffled  by the Trump s and how they don t follow the rules that have been put forth by the media:This is the most baffling day in a long, long stretch of baffling days.  Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) July 11, 2017And finally, in an appeal to his leftist fans who are surely as heartbroken as him, Yates Sexton suggests that if his followers like his style of dead-end reporting, perhaps they would enjoy paying $22.69 for his book. And now for the final test Will love Trump hate? Will liberals feel help poor little Jared feel better about wasting over a year of his life, while he chased his tail, pinning all of his hopes on being  the one  who finally found the Trump-Russia connection.If you do want to read my reporting, however, here's my book that's out in September.https://t.co/02qE5K9PFv  Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) July 11, 2017",0
10427,DONALD TRUMP JR. Releases Emails Related To Russian Lawyer Meeting…Here Are The Nothing Burger Emails The Media Was Salivating Over,"Donald Trump Jr. took to Twitter today to release all email communication with the Kremlin-linked lawyer, revealing that he had hoped to get his hands on information that would damage Hillary Clinton s campaign. Is this really news? Someone who Donald Trump Jr. knew wanted to help him, by revealing some dirt on Hillary, and Trump Jr. agreed to meet with them. Okay? So what? Would Hillary s camp have declined such a meeting? What about Robert Creamer, a felon and Democrat operative who s married to a US Congresswoman Jan Schakowsky of Illinois and had ties to the Hillary campaign and to our sitting President Barack Obama? He was caught red-handed in an undercover video by James O Keefe admitting to inciting violence at Trump rallies as a way to help Hillary win the election against Donald Trump? Why was that story dismissed by the media and this nothingburger story getting wall-to-wall coverage?Here is the tweet from Donald Trump Jr., who was clearly not worried about revealing the contents to the world. Here's my statement and the full email chain pic.twitter.com/x050r5n5LQ  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 11, 2017Here is the statement made by Donald Trump Jr. about the release of the emails:Page 1:Page 2:Page 3:Page 4:The emails offer the first details about how the sitdown with Natalia Veselnitskaya, a Kremlin-linked Russian lawyer, came about.Trump Jr. posted the emails on Twitter shortly after they were first reported by The New York Times.Trump Jr. said in a statement he thought he was receiving opposition research. The information they suggested they had about Hillary Clinton I thought was Political Opposition Research,  Trump Jr. said. Throughout the exchange, he gave no indication that he was concerned about getting information from the Russian government, which the US intelligence community has concluded meddled in the election on his father s behalf.Trump Jr. and his high-powered white collar criminal defense lawyer, Alan Futerfas, insist he did nothing wrong. Media & Dems are extremely invested in the Russia story. If this nonsense meeting is all they have after a yr, I understand the desperation!  he defiantly tweeted Tuesday morning.The White House has said President Trump was unaware of the meeting, and he has not commented on the revelations about his eldest son.  NYPNot only do the emails appear to be another nothingburger for the rabid left and their allies in the media, but Donald Jr. should ve known that if the media didn t care about Hillary giving Russia one-fifth of all uranium production in the Untied States in exchange for donations to the Clinton Foundation (slush fund), they likely wouldn t care much else having to do with Crooked Hillary and the Russians.An April, 2015 article published by The New York Times tells a story of a corrupt Secretary of State who used her position as Secretary of State to gain massive donations to her Clinton Foundation while giving Vladimir Putin control of much of the United States uranium:The headline on the website Pravda trumpeted President Vladimir V. Putin s latest coup, its nationalistic fervor recalling an era when its precursor served as the official mouthpiece of the Kremlin:  Russian Nuclear Energy Conquers the World. The article, in January 2013, detailed how the Russian atomic energy agency, Rosatom, had taken over a Canadian company with uranium-mining stakes stretching from Central Asia to the American West. The deal made Rosatom one of the world s largest uranium producers and brought Mr. Putin closer to his goal of controlling much of the global uranium supply chain.But the untold story behind that story is one that involves not just the Russian president, but also a former American president and a woman who would like to be the next one.At the heart of the tale are several men, leaders of the Canadian mining industry, who have been major donors to the charitable endeavors of former President Bill Clinton and his family. Members of that group built, financed and eventually sold off to the Russians a company that would become known as Uranium One.As the Russians gradually assumed control of Uranium One in three separate transactions from 2009 to 2013, Canadian records show, a flow of cash made its way to the Clinton Foundation. Uranium One s chairman used his family foundation to make four donations totaling $2.35 million. Those contributions were not publicly disclosed by the Clintons, despite an agreement Mrs. Clinton had struck with the Obama White House to publicly identify all donors. Other people with ties to the company made donations as well.And shortly after the Russians announced their intention to acquire a majority stake in Uranium One, Mr. Clinton received $500,000 for a Moscow speech from a Russian investment bank with links to the Kremlin that was promoting Uranium One stock. ",0
10428,"TEEN VOGUE Publishes Article To Teach Teen Girls How To Have Anal Sex: “ANAL 101, for teens, beginners”","Two months before the 2016 election, Teen Vogue featured a personal essay by Hillary Clinton, a conversation between Amandla Stenberg and Gloria Steinem, and an interview with Loretta Lynch.In their latest grotesque attempt to make immoral behavior appear to be mainstream for young girls, Teen Vogue asks their young readers. In the article, Gigi Engle suggests that young girls stay away from the internet when it comes to exploring the topic of  anal sex  and instead, rely strictly on Teen Vogue for all of their information. Hmmmm .that s an interesting concept; don t read anything else, just rely on Teen Vogue as your sole source of information. Sounds like indoctrination 101.Here s an excerpt from the article one might expect to find in Penthouse magazine:Teen Vogue   When it comes to your body, it s important that you have the facts. It s not doing your sexual health or self-understanding any favors to keep you in the dark.With that sentiment in mind, we re here to lay it all out for you when it comes to anal sex.Why anal?Anal sex, though often stigmatized and shamed, is a perfectly natural way to engage in sexual activity. People have been having anal sex since the dawn of humanity. Seriously, it s been documented back to the Ancient Greeks and then some. So, if you re a little worried about trying it, or are having trouble understanding the appeal, just know that it isn t weird or gross.In a separate article, Vogue Magazine talks about a makeup manufacturer offering  butt-plugs :OMG https://t.co/Wu0nbw3Wf3  Teen Vogue (@TeenVogue) July 11, 2017Teen Vogue is filled with anti-Trump and anti-Republican propaganda. Scroll through their Twitter feed and you ll be hard pressed to find an article about fashion, makeup tips or how to handle mean girls in middle and high school. Articles like the one below are designed to incite anger and hate towards anyone who doesn t agree with the writers point of view, yet Teen Vogue is being passed off as Vogue magazine for teens.""Tragically, the quality of education around the world is too often determined by race, gender, and zip code."" https://t.co/OEKzvOomK5  Teen Vogue (@TeenVogue) July 11, 2017Here s the same article with a different Tweet that s designed to incite hate and anger towards President Trump and his administration.""This is beyond discriminating against communities of color and low-income students; this is cruel."" https://t.co/bmCOGvStJa  Teen Vogue (@TeenVogue) July 10, 2017How did Teen Vogue become such a radical leftist indoctrination tool for teens?The Atlantic   In May, 29-year-old Elaine Welteroth took over as editor from Amy Astley, who helped found the magazine in 2003. Welteroth, the digital editorial director Phillip Picardi, and the creative director Marie Suter have moved the magazine more aggressively into covering politics, feminism, identity, and activism. Together, the three have shepherded a range of timely, newsy stories, including an interview exploring what it s like to be a Muslim woman facing a Trump presidency, a list of reasons why Mike Pence s record on women s rights and LGBTQ rights should trouble readers, and a video in which two Native American teenagers from the Standing Rock Sioux tribe discuss the Dakota Access Pipeline protests.Teen Vogue was founded in 2003 at the behest of Vogue s editor-in-chief, Anna Wintour, who tasked Astley, the magazine s beauty editor at the time, to conceive test issues of a spinoff publication for teens. The publication s early focus was fashion.  We are going to do what we do well, which is fashion, beauty, and style,  Astley told The New York Times s David Carr shortly before its launch.  A lot of other teen magazines are focused on relationships, boys, sex, and embarrassing moments. That is not our equity. At the time, Carr noted, many rival teen publications were struggling. And since Teen Vogue debuted, a number of them Elle Girl, CosmoGirl!, Teen People, Teen have folded. * One of the challenges is that teen audiences tend to evolve faster than the adults catering to them can catch up.  It s always been such a volatile market because your audience morphs so rapidly,  John Harrington, a publishing consultant, told The Times in 2013. The genius of the current iteration of Teen Vogue is that it s caught on to its current readers  enthusiasm for topical issues in a timely enough fashion to actually engage them.  I think in 2016 we found our footing and our voice as a publication in a strong way,  Picardi, the publication s digital editorial director, told me via email.  Obviously, the election has provided unique circumstances and a real need for someone to dissect the news for young people. Since we are, in particular, a brand that speaks directly to millions of young women, we have a responsibility to do right by them and view the news through that very specific lens. ",0
10429,IS WASHINGTON POST INCITING VIOLENCE Against Fox News’ Hosts: “Kill Fox & Friends before it’s too late”,"This afternoon, The Washington Post wrote an opinion article entitled Kill  Fox and Friends  before it s too late. This is awfully ironic, considering the previous outrage over so-called,  violent  tweets targeting CNN.Opinion: Kill ""Fox & Friends"" before it s too late https://t.co/DVUcBbgOWQ  Washington Post (@washingtonpost) July 10, 2017In the article, the Post questions,  How could a guy who d run the FBI be guilty of a leak? . A better question would be: How could he be stupid enough? Thus far, this symbiosis has clarified just what  Fox & Friends  is   a propaganda mill   and the type of media coverage the president fancies   straight-up sycophancy. The Washington Post has gone from being a reputable source of news with real journalists to nothing more than an opinion piece supporting the Democratic Party and their progressive agenda.  The Washington Post",0
10430,DAVID LETTERMAN Offers Advice To Crybaby Comrades: “Stop Whining…Figure Out A Way To Remove Trump”,"The guy who wasn t funny enough to land the coveted Tonight Show gig after Johnny Carson retired, is now saying President Donald Trump, the most successful business man in New York City s history, couldn t keep a job at Dairy Queen. Does anyone else remember the last time leftist former comedian David Letterman was funny? Yeah, neither do we Former late-night television show host David Letterman says that people need to  stop whining  about President Donald Trump and instead  figure out a way  to remove him from office.Speaking in an interview Monday with The Associated Press, Letterman said he s  tired  of  people, daily, nightly, on all the cable news shows telling us there s something wrong. Instead, Letterman said,  I just think we ought to direct our resources and our energies to doing something about it. If the guy (Trump) was running Dairy Queen, he d be gone,  Letterman said.  This guy couldn t work at The Gap. So why do we have to be victimized by his fecklessness, his ignorance? Trump s behavior, the former television host said, is  insulting  to the country.  Fox NewsIsn t it funny that David Letterman didn t have any issues with inviting Donald Trump to appear on his show when he wanted the ratings. In fact, Donald Trump appeared a number of times on the Letterman Show and was always a good sport. Little did he know, comrade David was only using him to get ratings Fortunately for David Letterman, Donald Trump was always a great guest on his show. Here s a clip from a 1988 appearance. The interview starts at the 15:50 minute mark:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmNN2MCJ-7U ",0
10431,"#LockHimUp Former Oversight Chair Jason Chaffetz: If Comey’s Leaked Memos Contained Classified Information, He Should Have Handcuffs On And Go To Jail","President Donald Trump targeted former FBI Director James Comey Monday for allegedly including classified information in personal memos describing his conversations with the president.James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 10, 2017Comey s removal of classified information from his office could put him in breach of FBI protocols that clearly state FBI agents  will not reveal, by any means, any information or material from or related to FBI files or any other information acquired by virtue of my official employment to any unauthorized recipient without prior official written authorization by the FBI. Comey admitted he took his personal memos with him after being fired in testimony before Congress on June 8 and directed a friend of his to leak some of its contents to a New York Times reporter to rebuff some of Trump s claims.  The Daily CallerThe former congressman from Utah, Jason Chaffetz, recently left the Washington DC cesspool and is now employed by FOX New. Chaffetz appeared on FOX and Friends this morning where he addressed the new Comey issue.Former Oversight Chair Jason Chaffetz recounted a discussion he had with FBI Director James Comey on the phone. Comey is usually a  jovial, open person on the phone , but when Jason Chaffetz brought up the memos he got very silent.Chaffetz then made a surprising statement to the Fox and Friends hosts:  If Comey s Leaked Memos Contained Classified Information, He Should Have Handcuffs On And Go To JailChaffetz recounts a discussion he had with former FBI director, James Comey, on the phone. ""You cannot take classified information & release it, if you do you should have handcuffs on you & go to jail.""-Chaffetz on James Comey pic.twitter.com/gQdSBQGwaK  Corryn   (@Corrynmb) July 10, 2017",0
10432,KELLYANNE CONWAY Slaps Down Rabid CNN Host Chris Cuomo: “Aren’t you the least bit embarrassed that you now talk about Russia more than you talk about America?” [VIDEO],"Chris Cuomo of fake news network CNN interviewed Kellyanne Conway on Sunday. You would have thought by now, these hacks at CNN would have figured out they are no match for the brilliant Kellyanne Conway. At the opening of his interview with Conway, Cuomo attempted to convince the few viewers who still watch CNN that President Trump was  very squishy  on his meeting with Vladimir Putin. Kellyanne Conway snapped back in her usual calm but witty way,  Chris, let s back up. So you re saying you used the word squishy which, itself, is unusual to describe the president s state of mind. So somehow that makes people on CNN insist that the president is never going to raise this with Putin? Why are they still in there?  Cuomo responded,  It s not about CNN. It s about what the president said, Kellyanne.  Kellyanne immediately landed a right hook to fake news host Chris Cuomo when she asked him,  Aren t you the least bit reluctant, if not embarrassed that you now talk about Russia more than you talk about America? Cuomo went on to discuss the nothing-burger story about a meeting Donald Trump Jr. had with a Russian lawyer prior to the election. The lawyer allegedly claimed he had information about individuals connected to Russian that were funding the DNC and Hillary. It turns out she was a human rights lawyer who wanted to talk about adoption. But CNN, who suffers from Trump-Russia collusion obsession, is clinging to this story like a squirrel protects its only nut in the dead of winter. Again, Conway delivered another knock out blow saying,  you keep on saying opposition research the way you guys constantly vomit words like collusion and Russian interference and affecting the election, all of which you have no evidence. We cannot convert wishful thinking into hard evidence. Watch: ",0
10433,"TRUMP HATER, Comedian-Actor George Lopez Says President Trump Should “DEPORT THE POLICE” To Make Streets Safer…Leads Audience In Anti-Trump Chant “F**k That Puto (male whore)” [VIDEO]","Remember when comedians were funny? Those were the good ole  days, before the cancer that is liberalism exposed their hatred for anyone who doesn t agree with them Actor-comedian George Lopez sent a message to President Donald Trump: instead of deporting Latinos to make America s streets safer, he should  deport the police.  In a post published on his Instagram Friday, Lopez is seen standing next to a caption that reads,  The Trump administration is deporting Latinos to make the streets safer  You wanna make the streets safer deport the police. The former Lopez Tonight host also said,  This is not an indictment of all Law Enforcement , some still just beat you #gacho #georgelopezonhbo #TheWall ( @momorodriguez #gracias. Lopez s Instagram account is now set to private, but an archive of the post can still be found online.The Instagram caption caused outrage among many of the comedian s fans. This is a very irresponsible comment bro. You have really disappointed me bro, I thought you were better than that,  wrote one commenter, who claimed to be a police officer. Not cool @georgelopez. I m Latina and I ve been pulled over more than enough times for speeding. All but one cop were nice and respectful,  wrote another user.  I realize there are some bad apples in the bunch but your statement puts all cops in the bad bunch category. Please stick to comedy. You re not that funny when you bring politics into your posts. Another commenter wrote,  Keep calm george i got two brothers that are police officer ..and we are Mexican/Americans.. A couple weeks later at a show in Phoenix, Arizona, the comedian led a crowd in a chant of  fuck that puto.  (Puto is Spanish slang for male whore.)  Breitbart NewsPrior to the general election a TMZ interviewer asked  comedian  and actor George Lopez if Trump had any chance of winning the election (2:20 mark). Lopez replied,  Yeah, sure. There s enough racists in this country to get him elected It s unfortunate.  Lopez then stated that if Trump wins,  He won t have to worry about immigration, we ll all go back.  Lopez of course, chose to remain in the United States of America.Feb. 2017: Lopez was just caught on tape making racist comments about black people during one of his comedy stints (see video below).When a woman in the audience objected, Lopez went off on an unbelievable, vile rant against her ***WARNING***Strong language*** There are only two rules in the Latino family. Don t marry somebody black, and don t park in front of our house,  Lopez said during his set, which prompted a woman in the audience to put up her middle finger.In a clip of the incident obtained by TMZ, Lopez is seen responding to the woman s gesture by calling her a  bitch  and telling her,  Sit your f**king ass down or get the f**k out. Sit your f**king ass down,  Lopez repeated three times.  I m talking, bitch. You paid to see a show. Sit your ass down. You can t take a joke, you re in the wrong motherf**king place. Sit your f**king ass down or get the f**k out of here. You have two choices,  he continued.  Shut the f**k up or get the f**k out. I ll tell you what. I ll make the choice for you. Get the f**k out of here. I ll make the choice for you. Bye. Bye. Bye. Perhaps George Lopez and Kathy Griffen can find one of those jobs  Americans won t do  when nobody will hire the formerly funny comedians ",0
10434,PERFECT! President Trump Is Laughing Hysterically In HILARIOUS New Video Featuring CNN Logo As Jim Carrey In “LIAR LIAR” Movie,"Last week, after President Trump retweeted a hilarious WWE wrestling video featuring  Donald Trump  body-slamming WWE Chairman Vince McMahon, with a CNN logo dubbed over his head. Instead of letting it go, CNN chose instead, to threaten the person who allegedly created the meme. As it turns out, threatening to  out  a private citizen for exercising his right to free speech, simply because it offended CNN, probably wasn t a very good idea. #VeryFakeNews has been getting hammered on social media ever since, and their ratings are have plummeted as a result.A couple of days ago, we posted a hilarious meme depicting CNN s president Jeff Zucker, who seems to have made it his mission to destroy President Trump, as Hitler. Infowars has created a CNN meme contest, offering a $20K reward to the winner, as a way to encourage as many people as possible to create memes that expose the fake news network.The internet has provided some pretty funny CNN memes, but so far, the  Liar Liar  video is our favorite. The meme maker couldn t have chosen a more appropriate clip, considering the logo dubbed over  liar  Jim Carrey s face is that of the #VeryFakeNewsCNN.Enjoy:""Kellyanne Conway"" pic.twitter.com/0kxl68THbT  Anonymous America (@KORANISBURNING) July 10, 2017Here s the actual scene from the movie,  Liar Liar  with Jim Carrey: ",0
10435,NEW YORK TIMES Publishes FAKE Story About Donald Trump Jr…Makes Small Retraction At Bottom Of Page,"Here s how fake news works In an effort to cast President Trump s eldest son, Donald Jr. as a liar, The New York Times boldly accused him of giving two different accounts of his meeting with a Russian lawyers. On July 9, 2017, The New York Times headline read: Donald Trump Jr. s Two Different Explanations for Russian MeetingThe NYT s article attempts to paint Donald Trump Jr. as a liar. Ironically, it was The New York Times who was lying: In less than 24 hours, President Trump s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., has given two different explanations for a meeting he held during the 2016 campaign with a Kremlin-connected Russian lawyer who promised to provide damaging information about Hillary Clinton.Mr. Trump s meeting with that lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, was first reported by The New York Times on Saturday. In response, Mr. Trump said the meeting was brief and focused mostly on the issue of adoption.This was Mr. Trump s statement to the news media on Saturday:It was a short introductory meeting. I asked Jared and Paul to stop by. We primarily discussed a program about the adoption of Russian children that was active and popular with American families years ago and was since ended by the Russian government, but it was not a campaign issue at the time and there was no follow up.I was asked to attend the meeting by an acquaintance, but was not told the name of the person I would be meeting with beforehand.The New York Times then offered what they said was a different account of Trump Jr. s original story:Mr. Trump s version of the meeting changed Sunday, when three advisers to the White House briefed on the meeting and two others with knowledge of it told The Times that Mr. Trump met Ms. Veselnitskaya after she promised to provide damaging information on Mrs. Clinton.Mr. Trump acknowledged on Sunday that Ms. Veselnitskaya offered him information on Mrs. Clinton but that her statements  made no sense  and the information was not  meaningful. Finally, at the BOTTOM of the story in small italic print, the NYT s printed a tiny retraction, stating that they misled their readers:Correction: July 9, 2017 An earlier version of this article misquoted a statement by Donald Trump Jr. about a meeting with a Russian lawyer. He said the meeting mostly focused on the topic of adoption, which  was not a campaign issue.  He did not say it was a campaign issue. ",0
10436,NEW BOMBSHELL REPORT Shows DNC Emails Were Copied On East Coast ONLY 5 DAYS Before SETH RICH Murder…Disproves Russian Hacking Theory,"DNC staffer Seth Rich was shot in the back several times while walking home late at night, when he was only blocks from his home. Rich was on the phone with his fianc  when he was shot and left for dead. Seth Rich was hired by the Democrat Party as the official  voter expansion data director.  Although there is no confirmed connection yet, he was clearly privy to information that could potentially harm the Democratic Party, and more specifically Hillary Clinton s chances of winning the election in November. Although the DC Police Department ruled the crime a  botched robbery,  nothing was stolen from Rich after he was shot. Many believe that Rich was the person who copied the DNC emails and sent them to Wikileaks via a middle-man. Was Guccifer 2.0 the middle man?Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has strongly hinted that the source for the DNC emails he released was Seth Rich. In this interview with Julian Assange, he seems to suggest on Dutch television program Nieuwsuur that Seth Rich was the source for the Wikileaks-exposed DNC emails and was murdered:On August 9, 2016, Assange offered  a $20K reward for information leading to the conviction for the murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich. ANNOUNCE: WikiLeaks has decided to issue a US$20k reward for information leading to conviction for the murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich.  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) August 9, 2016The report shows the DNC files were copied only 5 days before the unsolved cold-blooded murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich. h/t GPOn Sept. 13, 2016, POLITICO reported on Guccifer 2.0 s alleged hack into the DNC servers:If authentic, the documents would represent the latest strike from the mysterious hacker persona that has already roiled the 2016 election with leaks of documents stolen from the DNC and the House Democrat s campaign arm, the DCCC. Earlier document dumps include the internal communications that forced the resignation of former DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz this summer and fueled allegations of party bias against Bernie Sanders.The following statement from FBI Director James Comey seems to back up the assertion that Guccifer 2.0 was not the hacker. Comie testified to Congress that it was the assessment of the FBI that,  hostile actors gained access to the private commercial email accounts of people with whom Secretary Clinton was in regular contact from her personal account.  (like Seth Rich?)According to Fox News   In May, 2016, Guccifer repeatedly claimed to Fox News during a series of interviews that he had successfully breached Clinton s private server. Guccifer made the same claims to NBC News, which published his claims later.In July, when FBI Director James Comey was asked about this claim before Congress, he testified,  He did not [gain access to Clinton s server], he admitted that was a lie. Guccifer 2.0 was arrested and extradited to Romania where he is currently serving time for hacking offenses. In communication from jail, Guccifer 2.0 adamantly refuted the claim that he is Russian or tied to the Russian government via The Hill: I really hope you ve missed me a lot. Though I see they didn t let you forget my name. The U.S. intelligence agencies have published several reports of late claiming I have ties with Russia,  reads the post. I d like to make it clear enough that these accusations are unfounded. I have totally no relation to the Russian government. Guccifer told Fox and NBC News that he breached Clinton s server, but in his May 2016 interview, when pressed by the FBI, Guccifer said the claims were not true. Here are a few key highlights from the bombshell report by The Forensicator that backs up Guccifer 2.0 s claim to FOX and NBC in 2016 that he did NOT hack the DNC emails and offers evidence that the emails were hacked locally (by Seth Rich?) and that the data was copied on a  fairly slow USB flash drive:This study analyzes the file metadata found in a 7zip archive file, 7dc58-ngp-van.7z, attributed to the Guccifer 2.0 persona. For an in depth analysis of various aspects of the controversy surrounding Guccifer 2.0, refer to Adam Carter s blog, Guccifer 2.0: Game Over.Based on the analysis that is detailed below, the following key findings are presented: On 7/5/2016 at approximately 6:45 PM Eastern time, someone copied the data that eventually appears on the  NGP VAN  7zip file (the subject of this analysis). This 7zip file was published by a persona named Guccifer 2, two months later on September 13, 2016. Due to the estimated speed of transfer (23 MB/s) calculated in this study, it is unlikely that this initial data transfer could have been done remotely over the Internet. The initial copying activity was likely done from a computer system that had direct access to the data. By  direct access  we mean that the individual who was collecting the data either had physical access to the computer where the data was stored, or the data was copied over a local high speed network (LAN). They may have copied a much larger collection of data than the data present in the NGP VAN 7zip. This larger collection of data may have been as large as 19 GB. In that scenario the NGP VAN 7zip file represents only 1/10th of the total amount of material taken. This initial copying activity was done on a system where Eastern Daylight Time (EDT) settings were in force. Most likely, the computer used to initially copy the data was located somewhere on the East Coast. The .rar files and plain files that eventually end up in the  NGP VAN  7zip file disclosed by Guccifer 2.0 on 9/13/2016 were likely first copied to a USB flash drive, which served as the source data for the final 7zip file. There is no information to determine when or where the final 7zip file was built.Here are a few key conclusions from the report:Conclusion 6: The initial DNC file collection activity began at approximately 2016-07-05 18:39:02 EDT and ended at 2016-07-05 18:53:17 EDT. This conclusion is supported by the observed last modified times and the earlier conclusion that the ex-filtrated files were copied to a computer located in the Eastern Time zone.Conclusion 7: A transfer rate of 23 MB/s is estimated for this initial file collection operation. This transfer rate can be achieved when files are copied over a LAN, but this rate is too fast to support the hypothesis that the DNC data was initially copied over the Internet (esp. to Romania). This transfer rate can also be achieved when copying directly from a computer s hard drive to a fairly slow USB flash drive; there is a lot variability in USB flash drive speeds. We can shorten this statement and say that the 23 MB/s transfer rate supports the conclusion that the files were initially copied locally and not over the Internet.For an in depth analysis of various aspects of the controversy surrounding Guccifer 2.0, refer to Adam Carter s blog, Guccifer 2.0: Game Over.Here is an excerpt from Guccifer 2.0 s What Happened and When Did It Happen timeline: A lot of people are concerned if I have any links to special services and Russia?I ll tell you that everything I do I do at my own risk. This is my personal project and I m proud of it. Yes, I risk my life. But I know it s worth it. No one knew about me several weeks ago. Nowadays the whole world s talking about me. It s really cool!How can I prove this is true? I really don t know. It seems the guys from CrowdStrike and the DNC would say I m a Russian bear even if I were a catholic nun in fact. At first I was annoyed and disappointed. But now I realize they have nothing else to say. There s no other way to justify their incompetence and failure. It s much easier for them to accuse powerful foreign special services. They just f*cked up! They can prove nothing! All I hear is blah-blah-blah, unfounded theories and somebody s estimates.Specialists from Eastern Europe, Russia, China, India work for the leading IT-companies such as Google, IBM, Microsoft, Apple. There s no surprise that many hackers are descendants from these regions.Almost all recent famous hacker attacks have been attributed to Russia. the researchers supposed that the same instruments were implemented during the attacks. But I d like to reveal a secret to all those cool IT-specialists: all the hackers in the world use almost the same tools. You can buy them or simply find on the web.This line in Guccifer 2.0 s message is very interesting and extremely plausible:Guccifer 2.0 timeline. What happened and when did it happen?",0
10437,"FOX News MOCKS MSNBC’s Chris Matthews, Who Actually Said “Big Story” of G20 Was How Far President Trump and Putin Spread Their Legs [VIDEO]","MSNBC s Chris Matthews deemed the  big story  of the much anticipated G20 meeting between President Trump and Vladimir Putin to be the  manspreading  that took place.Matthews started his  Hardball  show with a clip of of President Donald Trump and Russian president Vladimir Putin as they appeared to be having a casual conversation, while sitting next to each while facing the media.  The big story was the way they both engaged in the art of  manspreading,  widening their legs as far as the wings of the chairs would allow them. When they stopped laughing, Fox News hosts mocked MSNBC s  thrill-up-his-leg  for Obama Chris Matthews for making such an embarrassing and petty observation. Fox News host went on to discuss President Trump s  very successful foreign trip  G20 meeting with world leaders, discussing things like Trump s  movement  in encouraging China to  reign in North Korea. ",0
10438,VIDEO SHOWS Stunning Damage To Streets Of Historic Hamburg After SOROS’ ANTI-CAPITALISM Cockroaches Cleared Out Of G20 [VIDEO],"New York City s radical leftist Democrat Mayor Bill DeBlasio jetted off to Hamburg, Germany, leaving New Yorker s to deal with their issues, as he joined G-20 protesters who violently rioted, burned and looted the historic city lined with cobblestone streets and beautiful buildings. Not surprisingly, the media was silent about the Mayor of America s largest city, who flew halfway around the world to join the violent, anti-capitalist protesters. The media s focus was instead on Ivanka Trump, who temporarily sat in on a G20 meeting, while her father stepped out for a short period of time.Videos showing anti-capitalist thugs breaking windows of businesses, burning cars, tearing down street signs and looting local stores have been circulating everywhere on the internet. The violent cowardly Antifa groups who are attempting to shut down free speech and threaten supporters of President Trump in America, were seen wearing masks to hide their identities as they ravaged businesses and threatened anyone who got in their way.Watch G20 rioters loot a local store in this stunning video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZ_CrspbeSgAfter several days of violent riots, fires in the streets and looting by anti-capitalist punks, citizens of Hamburg woke to find their streets and businesses looking like the aftermath of a war-zone. You won t see the mainstream media covering the damage to the streets and businesses of Hamburg however, simply because it doesn t fit their anti-Trump narrative.",0
10439,CHILLING PHOTO Captures FEMALE SUICIDE BOMBER Carrying Baby Moments Before She Blows Both Of Them Up,"Why would President Trump want America to enforce a travel ban on refugees from terror hotbed nations? Why wouldn t we want to import so many nice, trustworthy people with so many common values and similar customs?At first sight the picture appears to show a mother cradling her young child as she flees an Islamic State-held area of Mosul.But a closer look reveals she is holding a trigger., which she will pull seconds later.An Iraqi TV station captured the moment before a suspected female Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (Isil) suicide bomber blew herself   and the baby   up near Iraqi troops.She had apparently tried to detonate an explosives vest hidden under her hijab as she passed the soldiers, but it failed to go off until she had walked some distance away, a cameraman for al-Mawsleya TV said.She was killed along with her child, while two soldiers and several civilians were injured.The station had been filming the battle between Iraqi troops and Isil fighters and did not realise what they had caught on camera until they reviewed their footage later.The jihadists have used everything in their arsenal to fend off the troops in the final throes of the nine month-long offensive.Isil s use of female suicide bombers in battle, while not new, is exceedingly rare and demonstrates the group s desperation.More than 20 female suicide bombers hiding among civilians are believed to have detonated explosives in the last two weeks.One general claimed they were even using their own children as human shields. The women are fighting with their children right beside them,  Lieutenant General Sami al-Aridi said.  It s making us hesitant to use air strikes, to advance. If it weren t for this we could be finished in just a few hours. Preventing the attacks has proved difficult. Iraq s socially conservative culture means soldiers do not ask women to lift up their clothes to check for explosives as they do men.  Telegraph UK ",0
10440,OOPS! DINESH D’SOUZA Points Out Something That’s Missing In Photo With #WannabePresident Obama And Baby At Airport,"Twitter moments reported that Alaska mom Jolene Jackinsky was waiting at an airport when she noticed the former president, who was immediately drawn to her baby.Barack Obama can be seen posing and smiling with a baby he randomly saw in the airport. Not surprisingly, ABC News reported on the supposedly spontaneous photo and included a dramatic quote from the mother of the baby as their headline, that made it seem as though Jesus himself appeared at the airport in front of the baby s mother:  Oh my God, it is Obama : Alaska mom, baby meet ex-president""Oh my God, it is Obama"": Alaska mom, baby meet ex-president https://t.co/hig00Hf1uQ pic.twitter.com/zKhxy7oWnw  ABC News (@ABC) July 8, 2017Liberals on Twitter were beside themselves with excitement over America s worst President, Barack Obama.I would cry so many tears if Obama held my child https://t.co/AtP8Afxph5  Jasmin Roederer (@JazzyFlagrant) July 8, 2017The ex I will never get over https://t.co/YQBFpGMLwN  Chaffer with no S (@jchaf15) July 8, 2017Not everyone was so impressed with the former president s pose with the baby at the airport. Dinesh D Souza appeared more concerned about the whereabouts of Barack Obama s wedding ring than the ex-President s photo with the baby. D Souza s tweet asks: What happened to the wedding ring he used to wear as POTUS?  What happened to the wedding ring he used to wear as POTUS?   https://t.co/o4Y2oodFpg  Debbie D'Souza (@Debber66) July 8, 2017D Souza has a good point. Where is the ring? He didn t seem to go anywhere without it when he was campaigning or when he was President. So why is the ring missing now? Here are just a few examples of Obama holding babies while wearing his wedding ring:  Hmmm .interesting question Dinesh Where is Barry s ring?Perhaps someone should ask his lovely wife ",0
10441,SERIOUSLY INJURED Cop Sues Black Lives Matter…Does He Have A Case?,"This group of Black Lives Matter supporters marched at the Minnesota State Fair chanting,  Pigs in a blanket, fry  em like bacon!  The media, and the former President Barack Obama ignored it.Watch:Watch Michael Brown s stepfather encourage BLM rioters to burn down the city of Ferguson, MO:Daily Mail   Black Lives Matter and five of its leaders are being sued by a Baton Rouge cop who blames them for  inciting  Gavin Eugene Long s murderous rampage in the city last summer.The officer has not been named, but his description matches that of East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff s Deputy Nicholas Tullier, 42, who suffered severe brain damage in the attack.Tullier, a father of two, was shot in the head, shoulder and neck, and was left in a vegetative state.He has since returned to consciousness, regained some motor control and can now communicate non-verbally.His attacker, 29-year-old Long, was shot dead by a SWAT team member around ten minutes after the mass shooting began.Long, a black military veteran, shot six officers, killing three and seriously injuring one, on July 17 last year in response to the shooting of unarmed black man Alton Sterling by white cops.The suit, filed on Friday, says that BLM leaders  incited violence  in retaliation for the death of black men killed by police  and its denunciations of the attacks came  all but too late , CBS News reported.Long had left a note before the shooting in which he said he wanted to hurt  bad cops as well as good cops in hopes that the good cops (which are the majority) will be able to stand together and enact justice and punishment against bad cops. He also said in a YouTube video that he was only affiliated with  the spirit of justice. Don t affiliate me with nothing,  he said.  Yeah, I was also a Nation of Islam member, I m not affiliated with it  They ll try to put you with ISIS or some other terrorist group   no. Among the five BLM members named in the suit is DeRay Mckesson, 31, a former school administrator turned civil rights activist.The suit claims that Mckesson, who took part in nightly protests after Sterling s death on July 5, was  in charge of  a march on July 9 that turned into a  riot.    Daily Mail ",0
10442,HILARIOUS! CNN President Jeff Zucker Is Hitler [VIDEO],"CNN s ratings have been in the toilet ever since they made falsifying news about our President and his nonexistent Russian connection a top priority. Earlier this week, CNN sunk to a new low when they threatened to release the identity of a private user on social media site Reddit, after he made a video showing President Trump body-slamming a CNN logo superimposed over the WWE Chairman s body. Perhaps it s a good time for CNN to think about replacing their vengeful, bully president CNN s president, Jeff Zucker, responded to the fiasco surrounding his network this week with a jab President Donald Trump s way, asserting it s the White House chief who s the aggressor in this tiff   that the news organization is the victim.Zucker s like the playground bully, caught mid-punch, mid-push, now standing before the principal, trying to weasel out of blame.  My job is to remind everyone that they need to stay focused doing their job,  Zuckersaid to The New York Times.  [Trump s] trying to bully us, and we re not going to let him intimidate us. You can t lose your confidence and let that change the way you conduct yourselves. Decoded meaning: CNN s not going to change their witch-hunting ways.The whole tiff is over a video clip that Trump retweeted showing him wrestling CNN to the ground. The media, as the media is wont to do, went overboard with the criticism of Trump s retweet, pretending like he was calling for arms against members of the media.CNN then went on a hunt to identify the creator of this video, watchdogging like it s not watchdogged in years. And once identified, the guy was then issued this rather cold, calculating message from CNN: Behave, or we ll name you publicly.Watch Infowars  hilarious  FAKE NEWS  video that replaces the Hitler character with CNN president Jeff Zucker: Hitler reacts to CNN pic.twitter.com/zyjdJTknAN  Trump in 2020 (@GOPin2020) July 8, 2017The hashtag #CNNBlackmail quickly gathered steam on Twitter. And rightly so. A media giant going after a private citizen for making a satire video seems a bit, well, Gestapo tactic. But instead of backtracking and apologizing, CNN seems to have dug in for battle.Hmm. Interesting strategy.  Washington Times",0
10443,MELANIA AND IVANKA SHINE: Steal the Show at G20 Summit…Lefty Media Questions Ivanka’s Role As Surrogate,"Melania and Ivanka Trump were standouts at the G20 summit. The Trump women displayed plenty of style and grace while mingling with world leaders and their spouses. First Lady Melania Trump was pure perfection the entire trip. The highlight was a show stopping white flapper dress worn for a dinner where she clearly charmed Russia s Vladimir Putin.Melania has a future in diplomacy:When the Trump/Putin meeting went over time, she was sent in the room to tell the two world leaders to wind it down:The President s wife Melania has also been called upon by the US delegation, after it emerged she was sent in to Mr Trump s lengthy one-on-one meeting with Russia s President Vladimir Putin to try to wind up their conversation.Mr Trump spent 2hrs 16mins with President Putin on Friday, and Rex Tillerson, the US Secretary of State, disclosed that presidential aides became exasperated that the President was allowing it to overrun for so long. Slots of 30 minutes are usually allotted for each bilateral meeting.IVANKA STEPS IN:The lefty media went nuts when Ivanka Trump stepped in for her father during the G20 Summit meeting for leaders Does the left want empowered women or not? She is an adviser to the President after all:The Telegraph reported:On a day that the G20 hosted a Women s Empowerment working lunch, President Donald Trump went the extra mile to make sure he empowered the women in his own family. Months after appointing his daughter Ivanka as one of his official advisers, Mr Trump sent the former model to stand in for him at a G20 leaders  meeting.A Trump administration spokespersons had this to say about press  outrage: When other leaders stepped out, their seats were also briefly filled by others. The emphasis is on BRIEFLY!THE PRESS IS OUTRAGED ARE YOU? We d love to know what you think about Ivanka standing in. ",0
10444,GLOBALIST COMMIE BILL DE BLASIO Abandons NYC for G20 Protests…Will Phony de Blasio aka Warren Wilhelm Jr. Get in Touch with his German Roots?,"Communist Mayor Bill de Blasio just can t help himself. He had to abandon NYC to go to Hamburg, Germany where his anarchist commie buddies are making a fuss it is what globalist commies do. The problem is that New York City is a mess but globalists like de Blasio don t have time for governing when global policy is in jeopardy The New York Post reported:Mayor Bill de Blasio on Thursday skipped an NYPD swearing-in ceremony made somber by this week s assassination of a cop   then hours later revealed he was busy preparing to jet off on a surprise trip to join leftist protesters at the G-20 summit in Germany.Hizzoner s overseas jaunt was kept under wraps until just 90 minutes before he took off from Newark Airport. A last-minute announcement said he  will attend several events surrounding the G-20 Summit, including Saturday s Hamburg Zeigt Haltung [Hamburg Shows Attitude] rally. De Blasio will be keynote speaker for the loony anti-capitalists. No word on whether he will throw the ceremonial first brick through a bank window.Meanwhile, the NYPD reels from Miosotis Familia s assassination, the subway system rapidly disintegrates, and NYC in general continues to go to the dogs with trash strewn on streets At least de Blasio, who was born Warren Wilhelm Jr., can get in touch with his German roots.Funny irony WARREN WILHELM, JR OR BILL DE BLASIO? We know that his early political career was Marxist, and not just in an academic sense. He raised money for the Sandinistas, visited Nicaragua to align himself with the tyrants, and worked to undermine the efforts of the Reagan administration. No wonder he was endorsed by George Soros. Curiously, he decided to cover up his radical past: There is no mention of his extremist associations on his website. Quite frankly, Bill de Blasio has a problem with the truth. He was born Warren Wilhelm, Jr. in 1961. When he graduated from New York University in 1983 (where he was heavily involved in leftist causes), he changed his name to Warren de Blasio-Wilhelm. In 2002, he changed his name again, settling on Bill de Blasio. The only reason we know this is because the media put the spotlight on him, forcing the issue.De Blasio s character was impugned again when it was learned that he accepted over $50,000 from a group of slumlords. What made this so outrageous was de Blasio s past denunciations of these same men while serving as public advocate.Just recently, when The New York Times confronted de Blasio about his love for  democratic socialism,  expressed in 1990, he said,  That s not a quote from me; that s someone s notes.  But in fact those were his words. When the Times told him it has the proof, he brazenly said,  It doesn t matter. Please read more on de Blasio s lies here: Newsmax ",0
10445,LIBERAL LUNATIC Who Threatened to “Kill” Republican Senator Gets a Dose of Karma,"The FBI finally delivered a dose of karma to a loony liberal from Iowa who threatened to kill Republican Senator Joni Ernst. Is the FBI cracking down on threats to U.S. officials? You have to wonder why the people who have threatened President Trump haven t been given the same treatment. We know that the Secret Service interviewed Kathy Griffin after her  beheading Trump  video came out. Will Antifa members who have threatened President Trump be looked at by the FBI?LIBERAL LUNATIC ARRESTED FOR THREATS:An Omaha man was arrested by the FBI on Friday after he made threats to  kill  U.S. Senator Joni Ernst (R-Iowa), according to a report from the DesMoines Register:Simet is accused of telling employees of a motorcycle shop where Ernst was scheduled to speak, he  could kill  Ernst at an event, and told another employee that  everyone in the government needs to be killed off.  Robert William Simet, 64, was charged and arrested for threatening a U.S. official on Friday in Omaha, according to a press release from the U.S. Attorney s Office in the Southern District of Iowa. The FBI is currently investigating the case.Simet is currently in custody in Council Bluffs, and is waiting to appear before a magistrate in the Southern District of Iowa on Tuesday.Via: FOX ",0
10446,WATCH: George Clooney Is A Complete Idiot,"One month before the election, political activist and Hillary supporter Amal Clooney traveled to Texas to warn Americans about our elected President Donald J. Trump and his tough immigration policies. Today, she and her open-borders, Hollywood liberal husband George, who arrogantly claimed  There will never be a President Trump,  are reportedly moving back to the U.S. According to Breibart, a  Clooney insider  says they no longer feel secure in England. What could possibly make them feel unsafe about living in a country overrun by Muslim refugees from terror-hotbed nations?Actor and immigration activist George Clooney will be moving to Los Angeles with his wife Amal and newborn twins Ella and Alexander citing security concerns at his England estate, according to a report.Life & Style magazine reported last week that the 56-year-old Oscar-winner will move his newly-expanded family to his mansion in Studio City, California, after deeming his 17th century mansion in Sonning, England to be not sufficiently safe for them.Paul Joseph Watson of Infowars DESTROYS the embarrassing hypocrisy of Hollywood leftist George Clooney in this brilliant video:",0
10447,ANTI-TRUMP FRENCH PRESIDENT MACRON Caught on Video Pushing Way Through World Leaders to Be Pictured Next to Trump in G-20 Group Photo,"French President Emmanuel Macron has prided himself as the world s anti-Trump. He has arrogantly taken counter stances to President Donald Trump s on issues such as global warming and globalization. Ironically, he seems to have abruptly decided that his political career may benefit from associating himself with Trump, as he was caught on video jostling his way through world leaders so stand beside Trump in a G-20 group photo.Macron left his position during the family picture to place himself next to US President Donald Trump as German Chancellor Angela Merkel watched on.Starting off near the back of the G20 group Mr. Macron appeared to lose his way before an aide tried to direct him to his spot.Noticing the commotion, Angela Merkel tapped Mr. Macron on the shoulder to get his attention but the French PM was already making his way through the world leaders.Mr. Macron jostled and kissed his way to the front in an awkward reshuffle.He finally joined Trump on the far left fringe at the G20 summit leaders  group photo. This is suspiciously different behavior from the time President Macron tried to avoid President Trump and then crush his hand during a handshake.  The Telegraph",0
10448,WOW! LOU DOBBS BLASTS #FakePresident OBAMA: “Spent 8 Years Undermining Core American Values”… Now Doing His Best To “Undercut President Trump” By Pretending To Still Be President [VIDEO],"Lou Dobbs went off on #FakePresident Barack Obama during his  Dobb s Commentary  segment. Fox News host Lou Dobbs is furious that the FORMER President, Barack Obama, aka Barry Soetoro has been either following President Trump around the world to meet with world leaders or meeting with world leaders just prior to scheduled meetings with President Trump.Dobbs suggested to his viewers that Obama s meetings with various world leaders appear to all be organized. Why is the media ignoring Barack Obama s bizarre meetings with South Korea s new President Moon Jae-in, Britian s Prime Minister Theresa May, Canada s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and German Chancellor Angela Merkel? Would they have ignored former President George W. Bush if he embarked on a world tour to undercut or undermine Barack Obama only months after he was elected as our President?Perhaps someone needs to tell the FORMER President that in America, there s only ONE President at a time. Barry had his chance, and he failed miserably. It s time for him to step aside and let Donald Trump clean up the mess. It s hard enough to have to follow in the footsteps of America s worst President, the least Barry can do now for the sake of our nation, is to get out of his way Subversive Obama- Former President now doing his worst to undercut @POTUS and the will of the American people. #MAGA #TrumpTrain #Dobbs pic.twitter.com/GeQZMQLKDT  Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs) July 6, 2017",0
10449,#VeryFakeNews CNN Underestimated Their Opponent: New Report Shows CNN Takes MASSIVE Nosedive In Ratings,"CNN is finally seeing the serious repercussions of reporting #VeryFakeNews, while Fox News remains number one in ratings.CNN s ratings are plummeting, according to a Thursday cable TV rankings report by TV Newser.CNN fell to 10th in average total day viewership among all basic cable networks in the week of June 26 to July 2, far behind first-place Fox News and third-place MSNBC.An average of 639,000 viewers tuned in to CNN per day during the measurement period, less than half of the average 1,390,000 viewers who tuned in to Fox News per day during the same period.CNN s ratings slump is a remarkable drop from just a month ago, when CNN sat in fifth place among all basic cable networks the week of May 29 to June 4.CNN lost an average of 159,000 viewers per day from the week of May 29 to the week of June 26.Fox News and CNN continue to climb in ratings as CNN tumbles.Fox remained number one in all of basic cable, gaining an average of 7,000 viewers per day from the week of May 29 to the week of June 26.The Thursday ratings report is a slap in the face to CNN, which claimed on June 27 its  most-watched second quarter in history. CNN s rating slump occurred in the same week three CNN staffers resigned following a damaging retraction of a story that falsely linked a Trump transition official to the chief executive of a $10 billion Russian investment fund.The network was also hit with a number of undercover videos published by undercover journalist James O Keefe, one of which revealed a CNN health producer dismissing the Trump-Russia collusion narrative and another that revealed CNN contributor Van Jones labeling the Russia story a  nothing burger. Unfortunately for CNN, the ratings report released Thursday does not take into account the latest controversy to hit the network, indicating that its ratings could possibly plummet even further in the coming weeks.CNN came under fire Tuesday for apparently threatening to expose the identity of a private citizen who initially claimed credit for creating a GIF President Trump tweeted showing Trump tackling CNN.#CNNBlackmail trended worldwide Tuesday after the network made public its decision to mask the identity of the private citizen on the condition that the man no longer engages in what CNN considers to be  ugly behavior. Trump has continued to hammer CNN for being the standard-bearer of what he considers  fake news.   Western Journalism ",0
10450,TRUMP SUPPORTER’S HILARIOUS VIRAL VIDEO Mocking CNN’s 1-Star App Rating Has Everyone Laughing!,"Terrance Williams is a conservative Trump supporter and comedian who makes hilarious videos on Twitter. Anyone who watches Williams  videos can t help but notice his contagious laugh. When Williams went to Apple s App Store yesterday, he made a hilarious discovery.Watch: @CNN GOT 1 STAR IN THE APPLE STORE. @TuckerCarlson @greggutfeld @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews don't argue with this wack network pic.twitter.com/TFboCRmc1f  Terrence Williams (@w_terrence) July 7, 2017A couple of days ago, Williams  video commentary on #FakeNewsCNN went viral after Sean Hannity retweeted it, saying he was  crying  after watching Williams  video.Omg I'm crying watching this. I want to go on tour with @w_terrence The best laugh EVER! So so so funny!! Luv ya Terrance!! https://t.co/fxQXHbg26u  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) July 6, 2017Williams made another hilarious video exposing fake black guy and one of the BLM leader s after he blocked Williams on Twitter.Watch:BLM Shaun King Blocked because I called him white   Tag him and tell him to call me! TalcumX pic.twitter.com/ff4cJ89OaU  Terrence Williams (@w_terrence) July 2, 2017Here s the video that got Williams blocked by fake black guy Sean King:Black Lives Matter Leader @ShaunKing is a White Man   Go to bed man! You Looking like @georgesoros lol retweet if you agree   pic.twitter.com/WAtret1yjc  Terrence Williams (@w_terrence) July 1, 2017Williams hammered CNN after they blackmailed the Reddit user who created the hilarious wrestling meme with Donald Trump while replacing the face of the WWE Chairman with a CNN s logo, that they would expose his identity to everyone unless he agreed to their terms.Watch:Somebody get @CNN ON THE PHONE! Let's talk about this Blackmail! Y'all Frauds and Thugs now ? #CNNIsBlackmail pic.twitter.com/MecrmHwMsl  Terrence Williams (@w_terrence) July 5, 2017Terrence Williams  videos are not always funny. On the 4th of July when liberals were trashing America, Terrence took to Twitter to put them in their place:Happy 4th of July! Why people bringing up Slavery? Who cares we Free now let Freedom ring!#happy4th @realDonaldTr  https://t.co/MRe2cZiu1x  Terrence Williams (@w_terrence) July 4, 2017Williams isn t shy about speaking his mind. In this tweet, he calls out whiny Americans who say they hate the United States but have no problem with collecting benefits from America s hardworking citizens How you Hate America but Love Your Food Stamps pic.twitter.com/71TOEcyGBz  Terrence Williams (@w_terrence) July 5, 2017",0
10451,RADICAL NYC MAYOR Skips NYPD Swearing In Ceremony To Join Violent G-20 Protesters In Germany…GOP Mayoral Candidate Slams Him On Social Media,"Mayor Bill de Blasio on Thursday skipped an NYPD swearing-in ceremony made somber by this week s assassination of a cop   then hours later revealed he was busy preparing to jet off on a surprise trip to join leftist protesters at the G-20 summit in Germany.Hizzoner s overseas jaunt was kept under wraps until just 90 minutes before he took off from Newark Airport. A last-minute announcement said he  will attend several events surrounding the G-20 Summit, including Saturday s Hamburg Zeigt Haltung rally. De Blasio will be the keynote speaker, organizers of the demonstration   Hamburg Shows Attitude   tweeted. The mayor also made sure the free trip will include a visit with his son, Dante, a Yale University student who s spending the summer on an internship in Berlin, a City Hall spokesman said.Presumptive Republican challenger Nicole Malliotakis accused de Blasio of abandoning pressing issues in the Big Apple to pursue his progressive agenda in Europe. Unbelievable. Instead of jet-setting around the world, he should be here doing his job,  said the Staten Island assemblywoman.  A police officer was murdered, street homelessness has skyrocketed and people continue to get delayed on the trains. Malliotakis   who later tweeted a doctored image showing de Blasio in an Alpine hat and lederhosen, grinning behind a plate of bratwurst, wienerschnitzel and Pilsner glasses   also blasted him for blowing off the NYPD ceremony at the Police Academy in Queens.Malliotakis jabs de Blasio with Photoshopped tweet over Germany trip https://t.co/DtTRaAQBXD via @nypmetro  carl campanile (@ccampy) July 7, 2017 The mayor should be embarrassed by the way he has treated the men and women of our police department,  she said.He is off gallivanting & I'm here pointing out problems w/ garbage collection, the most basic of city services  https://t.co/yW4MZ02u3O  Nicole Malliotakis (@NMalliotakis) July 7, 2017New Jersey Transit tweeted about a schedule change after a train was derailed yesterday while entering Penn Station in NYC, causing delays in transit for commuters:All Midtown DIRECT trains are being diverted into Hoboken Terminal. NJT is cross-honoring w/ PATH, & NJ TRANSIT & Private bus carriers.  NJ TRANSIT (@NJTRANSIT) July 7, 2017GOP Mayoral candidate Nicole Malliotakis retweeted NJ Transit s message to keep New Yorker s apprised of the change, in the absence of the protesting NYC Mayor DeBlasio:I'm retweeting this to keep #NYC residents informed since our mayor is in Germany where it is 4:57a.m. https://t.co/qV1nXSGHHM  Nicole Malliotakis (@NMalliotakis) July 7, 2017I m so old, I remember when mayors stayed in their city to do their job rather than try to make themselves ideological symbols. https://t.co/deDbXzWU3g  John Avlon (@JohnAvlon) July 7, 2017The head of the NYPD sergeants union also attacked de Blasio. As the city mourns, its leader flees,  Ed Mullins said.  And then he wonders why he has a problem with the police. A real leader stays with the city in this time of hardship. NYP",0
10452,BREAKING NEWS: VIOLENT G-20 Protesters Trap Melania in Hotel,"First lady Melania Trump was trapped inside her residence in Hamburg on Friday because of the violent protests outside the G20 summit, according to reports.A spokeswoman said they d been unable to get security clearance from police to leave the guest house and that  it s unfortunate,  The Hill reported, citing NBC News. The first lady tweeted about the violent clashes between protesters and police.   Thinking of those hurt in #Hamburg protests. Hope everyone stay safe! #G20,  she wrote.  Trump was slated to attend a sightseeing tour hosted by German Chancellor Angela Merkel s husband, Joachim Sauer.  Other partners on the trip include French President Emmanuel Macron s wife, Brigitte, UK Prime Minister Theresa May s husband, Philip, and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau s wife, Sophie Gregoire.The mayor of the New York City, where the Trump s have several residences, has rushed to Hamburg to join the violent protestors with his son.  NYP",0
10453,"REPORT: ANTI-TRUMP, Open-Borders Clooney’s No Longer Feel Secure In England…Moving Back To U.S","Actor and immigration activist George Clooney will move to Los Angeles with his wife Amal and newborn twins Ella and Alexander due to security concerns at his England estate, according to a report.Life & Style magazine reported last week that the 56-year-old Oscar-winner will move his newly-expanded family to his mansion in Studio City, California, after deeming his 17th century mansion in Sonning, England to be not sufficiently safe for them. As soon as Amal found out she was pregnant, he hired former Secret Service agents to assess all his properties and make recommendations for improvement,  an unnamed Clooney  insider  told the magazine.  His mansion in Studio City [Calif.] was deemed the most secure, and it s within minutes of an LAPD station. He doesn t feel like Amal and the twins are safe living in the English countryside,  the source told Life & Style.  He s determined to move his family to LA, where he feels much more secure. The report comes as England has been rocked by terrorist attacks in recent months, including the terrorist bombing of a concert by pop singer Ariana Grande in Manchester in June that claimed the lives of 22 people, many of them young children.In May, British government officials disclosed that 23,000 known jihadi terrorists are believed to be residing in Britain, far more than the 3,000 that had initially been reported.The move for the Clooneys comes as both George and Amal have been among the most vocal and active celebrity advocates for open borders and the free flow of refugees between countries.In February of last year, the actor met privately with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, and praised the German leader s acceptance of refugees from Syria and other countries. The same month, Clooney told Sky News in an interview that the United States is not doing  enough  to help Syrian refugees, and that 10,000 refugees per year was too low a figure to be admitting into the country.In an April 2016 interview with the BBC, Amal Clooney criticized then-Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump s plans to build a security wall on the U.S.-Mexico border, telling the outlet that the plan does not represent  U.S. values. George has also been an outspoken critic of Trump, telling The Guardian in a March 2016 interview that he believes Trump to be a  xenophobic fascist  and an  opportunist.  He previously described Trump s immigration policy proposals as  idiotic  and  intolerant.   Breitbart In July, 2016, it was reported that the Clooney s were considering moving from their mansion in Italy after a massive makeshift refugee camp was established in Lake Como, the popular and secluded celebrity hideaway where Hollywood A-lister George Clooney keeps a home.The migration of hundreds of people from Arab nations, Africa, and Asia was triggered following the Swiss government s decision to close its southern border with Italy.Now, waiting for smugglers to lead them into northern Europe, groups of migrants are camping out in tattered tents around the Lake Como resort.Flimsy dwellings, clothes and trash are scattered around the Northern Italian town s railway station, where dozens of new families and refugees have flocked.The migrant camp is, oddly enough, just steps away from the front door of immigration activists  George and Amal Clooney s multi-million dollar lakeside mansion in Lake Como, according to the Daily Mail.The power couple has spent some time talking about the migrant crisis. The Clooneys met privately with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in February and praised and thanked her for her leadership during the crisis.The Clooneys have taken refuge from the Hollywood spotlight in their summer home in Italy for years. Last year, Page Six reported that Clooney was mulling putting his Lake Como villa on the market due to ever-present and intrusive paparazzi.It is unclear if the recent deluge of refugees pouring into town will have an affect on Clooney s decision to sell or not.   Breitbart",0
10454,"DINESH D’SOUZA: “Not Since Lincoln, Have The Democrats So Obstinately Refused To Accept The Result Of A Lawful Election” [VIDEO]","Dinesh D Souza appeared on Fox News  Hannity show with guest host Kimberly Guilfoyle and Dr. Gina Loudon. Guilfoyle asked D Souza about President Trump and the media. D Souza suggested President Trump has a  gladiator style  with the media.D Souza told Guilfoyle that the media has decided that the Democrat Party by itself, cannot take down Donald Trump, so the leftists in the media and academia have basically told the media to  step aside  and let them take him down.D Souza told viewers that,  Not since the election Lincoln, have the Democrats so obstinately refused to accept the results of a lawful election. The reason the Left is freaking out is not because President @realDonaldTrump is ineffective it's because he's so effective. pic.twitter.com/pZ6h893trd  Dinesh D'Souza (@DineshDSouza) July 5, 2017",0
10455,TUCKER CARLSON Asks How Hypocrite Maxine Waters Affords $4.3 MILLION Mansion After 40 Yrs In Congress,"Maxine Waters is so filled with hate for anyone who disagrees with her, that she s decided to appoint herself as the Democrat s chief attack dog for President Trump and his administration. Unfortunately for Maxine, making a public spectacle of herself also comes with a price. Speaking of a price how about the price tag on career politician Maxine Waters $4.3 million mansion?Tucker Carlson reacted to Rep. Maxine Waters  (D-Calif.) threat to  take [HUD Secretary Dr. Ben Carson s] a** apart  by noting she might indeed be qualified to take his job.Carlson said Waters, a 40-year politician, lives in a 6,000 square-foot mansion worth $4.3 million that is not in her congressional district.He asked how Waters could afford a home like that in a ritzy neighborhood while solely working as a representative of the 43rd District. We should take her seriously on this subject,  Carlson said, calling her a  confirmed expert on the question on housing. He said that while Waters sometimes speaks using racially-charged rhetoric, she lives in a neighborhood that is only six percent African-American.Via: Fox News",0
10456,WATCH: HILARIOUS Video Shows Reddit User Apologizing To “Terror Organization” CNN After They Threatened To “Out” Him To Public,"When CNN, who is owned by multi-billion dollar corporation Time-Warner threatened to  out  a private individual for doctoring a wrestling video of Donald Trump and replacing his face with a CNN logo, most Americans were stunned.#VeryFakeNewsCNN is likely going to rue the day they threatened a Reddit user that they would expose his identity to leftist thugs, as punishment for doctoring a video to make it look like CNN was being body-slammed by Donald Trump.My totally not forced apology to the great and truthy @CNN. #cnnblackmail pic.twitter.com/N9rmHs9ztS  Brandon Morse (@TheBrandonMorse) July 5, 2017Wikileaks founder Julian Assange reminded CNN in a tweet that they committed a crime when they threatened the Reddit user. Assange cited the violation: 135.60 of the New York criminal code. Memes are showing up all over the place on social media mocking CNN s threat. Even worse, in some cases, the memes are resurrecting news stories that CNN would rather not see repeated on social media, like the the story about former CNN guest host Kathy Griffin s not-funny photos of herself holding an ISIS inspired, decapitated, bloody head of President Donald Trump. CNN fired Kathy Griffin, but not before they defended her on their network, which quickly earned them the trending hashtag #CNNisISIS on Twitter.Earlier today, we reported on a video that has just been released where CNN s logo is replacing the head of President Trump who s being assassinated in a Central Park  Julius Caesar  play.LOL! NEW VIDEO Emerges Of Central Park Trump Assassination Play With CNN Logo Covering Trump s Head [VIDEO] ",0
10457,LOL! NEW VIDEO Emerges Of Central Park Trump Assassination Play With CNN Logo Covering Trump’s Head [VIDEO],"Last week, President Trump sparked outrage from #VeryFakeNews CNN executives and hosts when he tweeted a doctored video of him body-slamming World Wrestling Entertainment Chairman Vince McMahon whose face was replaced by the CNN logo.The tweet, which said,  #FraudNewsCNN #FNN,  linked to a video of the president decking, pummeling and then shaving off McMahon s hair during a  Battle of the Billionaires  stunt at WrestleMania XXIII in 2007.#FraudNewsCNN #FNN pic.twitter.com/WYUnHjjUjg  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 2, 2017Today, a new video has emerged with the CNN logo covering the head of an actor in a  Julius Caesar  production in Central Park who was made to look like President Trump. CNN s parent company Time Warner was a major sponsor of the Trump assassination play in Central Park. In the play, the actor who was made to look like our President, was brutally attacked and assassinated on stage while the audience, which included children, clapped like seals.Here s a new take on the video:Hey @KFILE, you can quote me on this:#CNNBlackmail pic.twitter.com/JGhhfaPBNU  Aaron (@Aaron25394187) July 5, 2017Here are a few images from the Trump assassination play: Imagine the outrage if this bloodied actor was made to look like former President Barack Obama:CNN promptly threatened to release the private identity of the Reddit user who made the video with the CNN logo covering the head of the WWE Chairman. CNN backed off their threat to expose his identity to leftist thugs after he gave them what CNN deemed to be an acceptable apology. Legal experts are saying CNN may have committed a federal crime when they threatened the video maker. Will #VeryFakeNews CNN hunt down and threaten the person who placed the CNN logo over the head of the Trump actor who was brutally assassinated in Central Park?Watch CNN s smug anchors have the audacity to announce they will not expose the meme maker because of his sufficient apology: ",0
10458,TRUMP EXPOSES OBAMA’S INCOMPETENCE: Cuts EPA Budget…Still Fixes Flint’s Water Crisis,"Although Obama had 3 years to take action to fix the Flint water problem, President Donald Trump has managed to do it in 2 months. The EPA has just issued a $100 million grant to the city of Flint, Michigan to replace the city s corroded and lead-polluted pipes.Critics of President Trump have lambasted him for his proposed budget cuts at the Environmental Protection Agency, saying the cuts are proof that he doesn t care about the environment.EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt released a statement saying,  The people of Flint and all Americans deserve a more responsive federal government  EPA will especially focus on helping Michigan improve Flint s water infrastructure as part of our larger goal of improving America s water infrastructure. Under authority granted the agency by the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act of 2016, the EPA just issued a $100 million grant to the beleaguered city of Flint, Michigan, to help in the effort at replacing the city s badly corroded and lead-tainted system of water pipes. We are excited and very grateful to receive these much-needed funds,  Flint Mayor Karen Weaver said.  The City of Flint being awarded a grant of this magnitude in such a critical time of need will be a huge benefit. The state of Michigan also contributed $20 million to match 20 percent of the grant. Meanwhile, CNN continues with their anti-Trump narrative and insists that President Trump had nothing to do with the grant and that it actually came from an action that former President Barack Obama and the prior Congress took in 2016. They are clearly blind to Trump s promise to fix the crumbling infrastructure of our country as soon as possible, something Obama never made a priority.CNN also obsessed over Trump s proposed 31 percent EPA budget cuts, failing to mention that the president had no intention of defunding programs to help improve the water system infrastructure.Despite the fact that Flint has been dealing with contaminated water for three years, Obama s EPA did not attempt to fix the problem. Now that Trump is in office, he is taking real action to make positive changes in the lives of Flint, MI citizens.Source: Conservative Tribune",0
10459,MARK STEYN ON CNN EXTORTION: Wolf Blitzer Has Put A Horse’s Head In Some Guy’s Bed,"Mark Steyn joined Tucker Carlson tonight to discuss the threat from CNN to the guy who made the video of President Trump wrestling with the CNN logo (see below)  Wolf Blitzer Has Put A Horse s Head In Some Guy s Bed    Mark SteynOUR PREVIOUS REPORTS ON THE CNN EXTORTION: The hosts of  New Day  dug a deeper hole for CNN on Wednesday when they said that the network would not identify the Reddit user behind the viral video of President Trump wrestling a man with CNN s logo imposed over his face because he apologized. CNN had previously written that it had decided not to publicly identify the man because he was a private citizen who showed remorse, but  reserves the right to publish his identity should any of that change: THAT S BLACKMAIL!Sooo if this guy  behaves  according to CNN then they won t out him to the world Nice threat!In case you missed it   Here s our previous report on this viral video: CNN reported that they declined to expose a private citizen who made the WWE video of President Trump wrestling with a CNN logo if  the guy promises not to do it again: CNN reserves the right to publish his identity should any of that change.  This is blackmail right?#FraudNewsCNN #FNN pic.twitter.com/WYUnHjjUjg  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 2, 2017The hysterical video has been seen over 1 million times after it was tweeted out by President Trump. It was produced by a Reddit user who is private:Soon after the CNN statement, twitter was abuzz over the fact that CNN was extorting this private citizen:DONALD TRUMP JR RETWEETED THE THREAT:CONGRESSMAN SCOTT TAYLOR TWEETED OUT:@CNN U basically coerce apology & threaten release of identity if something changes? Pretty sure a line is crossed here. #CNNBlackmail https://t.co/k4W9AepP6W  Scott Taylor (@Scotttaylorva) July 5, 2017#CNNBLACKMAIL IS TRENDING WORLDIWIDE!What CNN thought was a gotcha moment turned putto backfire on them. It s being reported that the private Reddit user who made the WWE video is only 15-years old!",0
10460,BREAKING: Another Undercover Video Released of CNN Producer Mocking Cuomo and Calling voters “Stupid as Sh*t” [Video],"Project Veritas just released yet another video of the CNN producer calling voters  stupid as sh*t  and even mocking on of their top news anchors  Chris Cuomo!The undercover reporter stroked Carr s ego saying he had just as much  gravitas  as Cuomo and he responded saying,  Just can t stand the guy when he talks, we re like shut up. The Veritas reporter asked for clarification as to who he was talking about and he reaffirmed that he was referring to Cuomo.Carr backed up his past comments on other videos such as calling the American electorate  stupid as sh-t,  and admitting to pushing stories on Russia strictly for ratings. I mean granted, anything I ve said to you I would defend on the record. I don t think I ve said anything, wrong,  said Carr.OUR PREVIOUS VIDEOS AND REPORTS FROM PROJECT VERITAS ON CNN:Project Veritas  newest video from the American Pravda: CNN series exposes Jimmy Carr, the Associate Producer for CNN s New Day attacking President Donald Trump and admitting that CNN has a left-leaning bias. When asked by an undercover journalist if CNN is impartial, Carr plainly responded,  In theory. We reported on the previous videos from Project Veritas: James O Keefe s Project Veritas reporters went undercover at CNN to investigate the #VeryFakeNews network to determine the motivation behind CNN s Trump-Russia collusion obsession. Since the inauguration, CNN has mentioned  Russian story  nearly 16,000 times.Project Veritas  reporters can be seen in the video below having a conversation with CNN s supervising producer John Bonifield. The reporter talked to Bonifield first about the constant barrage of Trump-Russia stories on CNN. Bonifield admitted that although CNN has no evidence or proof of Trump involvement with Russia, they continue to make it their top story on CNN simply for  ratings  and to  make money.  Bonifield has worked as a journalist and as a producer for nearly 15 years at CNN, making him a pretty reliable source when it comes to how things work at CNN.Bonifield actually confessed to the undercover Project Veritas journalist that President Trump is correct when he says the media is on a  witch hunt  to take him down. Bonifield told the reporter:  I think the President is right to say, like, look you are  witch hunting me  You have no real smoking gun, you have no proof. Bonifield told the undercover reporter for Project Veritas that CNN is biased and is playing to their audience by attacking President Trump, and actually admitted that  Trump is good for business right now.  The Project Veritas reporter asked Bonifield,  But honestly, you think the whole Russia shit is bullshit?  to which Bonifield replied:  Could be bullshit. I mean, it s mostly bullshit right now. Like, we don t have any big, giant proof. The way these leaks happen, they d leak it. It d leak. If it was something really good, it would leak. Watch the unbelievable video here:Did the three resignations that took place at CNN today have anything to do with the impending release of O Keefe s explosive video proving that CNN manufactures Trump-Russia collusion stories for ratings, or for money?The story about the three CNN employees resigning for publishing fake news broke yesterday. Is ti a coincidence that today, O Keefe released this explosive bombshell video?Here s the story that broke yesterday: CNN employees have resigned for their role in pushing fake news about the Trump-Russia story that claimed a member of the Trump transition team was under investigation.Reporter Thomas Frank, editor Eric Lichtblau and executive editor Lex Haris all resigned from their positions following a company-wide investigation into the single-sourced story that was quickly debunked, The Washington Post first reported. CNN quickly followed up with a story of their own on the resignations. Lichtblau reportedly oversaw the false story, while Haris headed up CNN s investigative unit. In the aftermath of the retraction of a story published on CNN.com, CNN has accepted the resignations of the employees involved in the story s publication,  CNN s coverage quotes a company spokesman as saying.Philly.com   On Thursday evening, CNN investigative reporter Thomas Frank published a potentially explosive report involving an investigation of a Russian investment fund with potential ties to several associates of President Donald Trump.But by Friday night, the story was removed from CNN s website and all links were scrubbed from the network s social media accounts. That story did not meet CNN s editorial standards and has been retracted,  CNN said in an editors note posted in place of the story.  Links to the story have been disabled. ",0
10461,"WHY ISN’T MEDIA ASKING IF NYPD Cop-Killer and Hillary Supporter Was Influenced By Democrat Leaders, Black Lives Matter Anti-Cop Rhetoric?","An NYPD officer was assassinated early Wednesday by an ex-con who marched up to her NYPD vehicle and pumped a bullet into the helpless cop s head, authorities said.Officer Miosotis Familia, 48, was mortally wounded by the 12:30 a.m. gunshot on a Bronx street as she neared the end of her Fourth of July shift, cops said.Cop-killer Alexander Bonds, dressed in black from head to toe, was then shot to death in a gunfight with two cops responding to a desperate call for help from Familia s partner. Shots fired!  the officer screamed moments after the gunshot.  I need a f ing bus! 10-85 10-85! My partner s shot! My partner s shot! My partner s shot! Hurry up central! Police Commissioner James O Neill said there was no doubt the paroled gunman targeted the 12-year NYPD veteran for execution at E. 183rd St. and Creston Ave.   NY Daily NewsSo why is the same media who blames President Trump for violence committed against Republicans not asking if cop-killer Alexander Bonds was inspired by Barack Obama, Eric Holder, Al Sharpton, Black Lives Matter and Hillary Clinton?Only two years ago, Black Lives Matter supporters were filmed chanting  Pigs in a blanket, fry  em like bacon!  at the MN State Fair. President Barack Obama and his radical AG were silent.""Pigs in a blanket, fry em like bacon"" #BlackFair #BlackLivesMatter #FTP #ACAB pic.twitter.com/NaQNehnd5g  EMP THY (@MrNikoG) August 29, 2015President Barack Obama actually lectured mourners on bigotry, slavery and oppression at the memorial service for slain police officers who were killed by a Black Lives Matter supporter. Instead of using the opportunity to condemn the growing, violent movement, he actually appeared to be condoning it. While paying tribute to the fallen officers for sacrificing their lives to protect others from a sniper, Mr. Obama also called on law enforcement agencies to root out bigotry. We have all seen this bigotry in our lives at some point,  Mr. Obama told an audience of several hundred at a concert hall in Dallas. None of us is entirely innocent. No institution is entirely immune. And that includes our police departments. We know this.  The officers   Michael Smith, Lorne Ahrens, Michael Krol, Brent Thompson and Patrick Zamarripa were killed by a black sniper who told police he targeted white officers during a Black Lives Matter protest.The day after the memorial service for the Dallas cops who were murdered by a Black Lives Matter supporter, President Barack Obama invited BLM leaders to the White House for a private meeting:It should come as no surprise to anyone that the most recent assassination of an innocent cop was at the hands of Hillary Clinton supporter Alexander Bonds, given her outreach to the Black Lives Matter terror group during her campaign. Wikileaks even released an email showing how radical group Center For American Progress was advising her on how to fake empathy for parents of kids killed by cops. Wikileaks released an email from Center for American Progress President Neera Tanden, coaching Hillary on how to best gain the trust of the Black community by going directly to the victims being held up by Black Lives Matter movement as heroes, and faking empathy with the parents. She also mentions it would be a good idea to use the idea that their grief should be magnified because it happened at the hands of law enforcement officers (the state).Given all that has happened over the last few days with the Black Lives Matter movement, I thought it would be a good idea for Hillary to pen an op ed, discussing the pain people feel as parents at the loss of their children to these incidents of police brutality, how as a parent, she knows that pain is magnified because it happens at the hands of the state, and her commitment to solve the problem as President.Given her strong words on Charlotte, it could serve as a reminder that she gets it that racism isn t like everything else. She wouldn t have to mention Bernie s name, but I think it could really respond to the sense of continual injured dignity .I think, but others will know better, that it will move around the social media networks. > > Anyway, just thought I d share with you guys . >> Thanks! > > Neera >While Barack Obama was in office, radical activist, hate-monger and racial division expert Al Sharpton was a regular visitor. Obama s former AG Eric Holder was caught using taxpayer funds to pay protesters to march against George Zimmerman during the Trayvon Martin case in Sanford, FL. Upon the unbelievable discovery, the media was predictably silent.The culprit behind a shocking  unprovoked attack  on a female police officer had spouted anti-cop rhetoric in the past and urged people to vote for Hillary Clinton.Bonds, who the source said boasts up to six different aliases, recently spoke critically of law enforcement on Facebook. He said police in Oakland, Calif., were wrong to stop a child riding a bicycle.Authorities are trying to piece together a motive after NYPD officer and mother of three Miosotis Familia was brutally gunned down in cold blood by Alexander Bonds early Monday morning while she sat in a temporary headquarters vehicle at East 183rd Street and Morris Avenue in Fordham Heights.Bonds was subsequently killed by two other officers called to the scene while Familia died in hospital. This is absolutely an unprovoked attack,  said NYPD Commissioner James P. O Neill. Police say surveillance footage shows Bonds pulling up his hoodie before  purposefully  walking up to the vehicle and shooting through the passenger side. Speculation as to why 34-year-old Bonds, who had previously served seven years in prison for a Syracuse robbery, gunned down Familia has begun to center on his political beliefs.Bonds  Facebook page reveals that days before the presidential election, he posted a video of a woman alleging that voting machines were switching Hillary Clinton votes to Donald Trump.Watch video Bonds made below, where he tells his Facebook followers about his hate for cops. He calls police  faggots  and accuses them of raping children. He also says he s  up and ready  for the cops, using his time in jail as an example of how he got ready for them. He posted the words  Mad as hill  above the video.On the same day he urged people to  get mad  about the election and vote. When asked who he was voting for, Bonds responded that he couldn t vote (due to his felony conviction), but said people should vote for Hillary Clinton.Bonds also posted Malcolm X memes as well as videos of confrontations between black people and police officers. Previous ambush-style murders of police officers have been motivated by extremist anti-cop  Black Lives Matter -style rhetoric, as well as mass shootings of police officers like the Dallas massacre, which was celebrated by BLM sympathizers.  Infowars ",0
10462,PRESIDENT TRUMP AND MELANIA Arrive in Poland to Cheering Crowds [Video],"The President and First Lady touched down in Warsaw, Poland today for a visit before traveling to Hamburg, Germany. They ll be in Hamburg for the G20 Summit where Trump is expected to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin for the first time and discuss the nuclear threat of North Korea with world leaders. As they stepped off of the plane, Melania appeared in a beautiful green coat . She never misses! GO TO THE 10:15 MARK FOR THEIR DEPLANING:THE FIRST LADY WAVES AFTER ARRIVING IN WARSAW, POLAND:Melania Trump waves after arriving in Warsaw, Poland. How can anyone not love our First Lady? pic.twitter.com/6821k3dH2T  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) July 5, 2017POLISH CROWDS CHEERING AS PRESIDENT TRUMP ARRIVES IN WARSAW: CROWDS LINED THE ENTIRE ROUTE!Polish Crowds Cheering as President Trump Arrives in Warsaw pic.twitter.com/TGCHfb7Blc  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) July 5, 2017A FULL MILITARY ESCORT IN POLAND:The First Couple will leave Germany for Paris and Bastille Day ceremonies next Friday. We re looking forward to watching President trump move amongst world leaders. We have to admit that it s also going to be fun to see what the First Lady is wearing each time she makes a public appearance.",0
10463,#FakeNewsMorningShow GMA Compares President Trump To N. Korean’s Murderous Dictator Kim Jong Un [VIDEO],"Beyond the pale ABC reporter Matthew Dowd compared President Donald Trump with N. Korea s Kim Jong Un on Good Morning America Wednesday when having discussion with former Clinton White House communications director Anchor George Stephanopoulos.As for the objectivity and credibility of Clinton Foundation mega-donor George Stephanopoulos, prior to the 2016 presidential election, his wife, Ali Wentworth, claimed the couple would leave the country should Donald Trump become president of the United States. Of course they didn t leave the country. George Stephanopoulos chose instead, to remain in the US as a prominent voice on TV railing against our sitting President.The comments came following a report about N. Korea s intercontinental ballistic missile test and a discussion on the upcoming G20 summit where Trump will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Well, George, I think there s real tension,  Dowd replied.  You take Vladimir Putin on one, but there s real tension with a lot of members of the G20. If you look at the recent polling in the international community, Donald Trump is not believed by most of the people in the European community to be trusted to do the right thing, and you take with that with Vladimir Putin, and now with what s happened in North Korea. The European community is worried about unpredictable erratic leaders, not only one in North Korea but one in the United States of America.   MRCTVWatch:George Stephanopoulos has been initiating attacks on Donald Trump since he became a serious contender in the presidential race. The video below shows a heated exchange between George Stephanopoulos and President Trump s former Senior Campaign Advisor Kellyanne Conway only one month after Trump crushed Hillary in the election. (Notice how ABC starts out the interview between Stephanopoulos and Conway by flashing a screen shot of Hillary s popular vote numbers compared to Trump s when they have nothing to do with the context of the conversation. This is called subliminal messaging, proving the mainstream media has mastered the art of manipulation.) Watch the interview here:",0
10464,LIBERAL HEADS EXPLODE! Trump Donates First Paycheck…Sends a HUGE Message to Cultural Marxists,"President Trump just made liberal heads explode! The liberal mantra has been to destroy anything to do with the Civil War. Civil War statues were recently removed from the city of New Orleans and the Gettysburg Battlefield was the scene of a protest just last week .So here s where our awesome President just donated his first months salary:President Trump just donated the first few months of his White House salary to Antietam National Battlefield, the national park in Maryland that preserves the hallowed ground of the bloodiest day of the Civil War, the government said Wednesday.Mr. Trump s first quarter salary of $78,333 was matched by an anonymous donor who gave another $22,000, bringing the gift to $100,000. AWESOME! The donation will restore an historic house on the battlefield, and will help replace fencing. As both the Secretary of the Interior and a military veteran, I m deeply honored and humbled to deliver the donation to Antietam National Battlefield on behalf of President Trump,  Mr. Zinke said.  The president s donation will allow generations of Americans to learn about our history and heritage on this sacred site. Mr. Trump promised to forgo his salary as president, saying he would instead donate it to the federal government. Wednesday s announcement marks the first installment of those donations.NEW ORLEANS   CLEANSING THE CITY OF HISTORY BY REMOVING STATUES: IDIOTIC!HOW GREAT IS OUR PRESIDENT? HE GETS IT!VIA: WT",0
10465,"WAS KILLER OF FEMALE NYPD Officer, HILLARY Supporter Inspired By Democrat Leaders, Black Lives Matter Anti-Cop Rhetoric?","An NYPD officer was assassinated early Wednesday by an ex-con who marched up to her NYPD vehicle and pumped a bullet into the helpless cop s head, authorities said.Officer Miosotis Familia, 48, was mortally wounded by the 12:30 a.m. gunshot on a Bronx street as she neared the end of her Fourth of July shift, cops said.Cop-killer Alexander Bonds, dressed in black from head to toe, was then shot to death in a gunfight with two cops responding to a desperate call for help from Familia s partner. Shots fired!  the officer screamed moments after the gunshot.  I need a f ing bus! 10-85 10-85! My partner s shot! My partner s shot! My partner s shot! Hurry up central! Police Commissioner James O Neill said there was no doubt the paroled gunman targeted the 12-year NYPD veteran for execution at E. 183rd St. and Creston Ave.   NY Daily NewsSo why is the same media who blames President Trump for violence committed against Republicans not asking if cop-killer Alexander Bonds was inspired by Barack Obama, Eric Holder, Al Sharpton, Black Lives Matter and Hillary Clinton, who made her support for the cop-hating movement a focal-point of her campaign for president?Only two years ago, Black Lives Matter supporters were filmed chanting  Pigs in a blanket, fry  em like bacon! at the MN State Fair. President Barack Obama and his radical AG were silent.""Pigs in a blanket, fry em like bacon"" #BlackFair #BlackLivesMatter #FTP #ACAB pic.twitter.com/NaQNehnd5g  EMP THY (@MrNikoG) August 29, 2015President Barack Obama actually lectured mourners on bigotry, slavery and oppression at the memorial service for slain police officers who were killed by a Black Lives Matter supporter. Instead of using the opportunity to condemn the growing, violent movement, he actually appeared to be condoning it. While paying tribute to the fallen officers for sacrificing their lives to protect others from a sniper, Mr. Obama also called on law enforcement agencies to root out bigotry. We have all seen this bigotry in our lives at some point,  Mr. Obama told an audience of several hundred at a concert hall in Dallas. None of us is entirely innocent. No institution is entirely immune. And that includes our police departments. We know this.  The officers   Michael Smith, Lorne Ahrens, Michael Krol, Brent Thompson and Patrick Zamarripa were killed by a black sniper who told police he targeted white officers during a Black Lives Matter protest.The day after the memorial service for the Dallas cops who were murdered by a Black Lives Matter supporter, President Barack Obama invited BLM leaders to the White House for a private meeting:It should come as no surprise to anyone that the most recent assassination of an innocent cop was at the hands of Hillary Clinton supporter Alexander Bonds, given her outreach to the Black Lives Matter terror group during her campaign. Wikileaks even released an email showing how radical group Center For American Progress was advising her on how to fake empathy for parents of kids killed by cops. Wikileaks released an email from Center for American Progress President Neera Tanden, coaching Hillary on how to best gain the trust of the Black community by going directly to the victims being held up by Black Lives Matter movement as heroes, and faking empathy with the parents. She also mentions it would be a good idea to use the idea that their grief should be magnified because it happened at the hands of law enforcement officers (the state).Given all that has happened over the last few days with the Black Lives Matter movement, I thought it would be a good idea for Hillary to pen an op ed, discussing the pain people feel as parents at the loss of their children to these incidents of police brutality, how as a parent, she knows that pain is magnified because it happens at the hands of the state, and her commitment to solve the problem as President.Given her strong words on Charlotte, it could serve as a reminder that she gets it that racism isn t like everything else. She wouldn t have to mention Bernie s name, but I think it could really respond to the sense of continual injured dignity .I think, but others will know better, that it will move around the social media networks. > > Anyway, just thought I d share with you guys . >> Thanks! > > Neera >While Barack Obama was in office, radical activist, hate-monger and racial division expert Al Sharpton was a regular visitor. Obama s former AG Eric Holder was caught using taxpayer funds to pay protesters to march against George Zimmerman during the Trayvon Martin case in Sanford, FL. Upon the unbelievable discovery, the media was predictably silent.The culprit behind a shocking  unprovoked attack  on a female police officer had spouted anti-cop rhetoric in the past and urged people to vote for Hillary Clinton.Bonds, who the source said boasts up to six different aliases, recently spoke critically of law enforcement on Facebook. He said police in Oakland, Calif., were wrong to stop a child riding a bicycle.Authorities are trying to piece together a motive after NYPD officer and mother of three Miosotis Familia was brutally gunned down in cold blood by Alexander Bonds early Monday morning while she sat in a temporary headquarters vehicle at East 183rd Street and Morris Avenue in Fordham Heights.Bonds was subsequently killed by two other officers called to the scene while Familia died in hospital. This is absolutely an unprovoked attack,  said NYPD Commissioner James P. O Neill. Police say surveillance footage shows Bonds pulling up his hoodie before  purposefully  walking up to the vehicle and shooting through the passenger side. Speculation as to why 34-year-old Bonds, who had previously served seven years in prison for a Syracuse robbery, gunned down Familia has begun to center on his political beliefs.Bonds  Facebook page reveals that days before the presidential election, he posted a video of a woman alleging that voting machines were switching Hillary Clinton votes to Donald Trump.Watch video Bonds made below, where he tells his Facebook followers about his hate for cops. He calls police  faggots  and accuses them of raping children. He also says he s  up and ready  for the cops, using his time in jail as an example of how he got ready for them. He posted the words  Mad as hill  above the video.On the same day he urged people to  get mad  about the election and vote. When asked who he was voting for, Bonds responded that he couldn t vote (due to his felony conviction), but said people should vote for Hillary Clinton.Bonds also posted Malcolm X memes as well as videos of confrontations between black people and police officers. Previous ambush-style murders of police officers have been motivated by extremist anti-cop  Black Lives Matter -style rhetoric, as well as mass shootings of police officers like the Dallas massacre, which was celebrated by BLM sympathizers.  Infowars ",0
10466,SMUG CNN ANCHORS Say They Won’t Release Identity Of Trump/WWE Video Creator Because of His ‘Remarkable’ Apology,"The hosts of  New Day  dug a deeper hole for CNN on Wednesday when they said that the network would not identify the Reddit user behind the viral video of President Trump wrestling a man with CNN s logo imposed over his face because he apologized. CNN had previously written that it had decided not to publicly identify the man because he was a private citizen who showed remorse, but  reserves the right to publish his identity should any of that change: THAT S BLACKMAIL!Sooo if this guy  behaves  according to CNN then they won t out him to the world Nice threat!In case you missed it   Here s our previous report on this viral video: CNN reported that they declined to expose a private citizen who made the WWE video of President Trump wrestling with a CNN logo if  the guy promises not to do it again: CNN reserves the right to publish his identity should any of that change.  This is blackmail right?#FraudNewsCNN #FNN pic.twitter.com/WYUnHjjUjg  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 2, 2017The hysterical video has been seen over 1 million times after it was tweeted out by President Trump. It was produced by a Reddit user who is private:Soon after the CNN statement, twitter was abuzz over the fact that CNN was extorting this private citizen:DONALD TRUMP JR RETWEETED THE THREAT:CONGRESSMAN SCOTT TAYLOR TWEETED OUT:@CNN U basically coerce apology & threaten release of identity if something changes? Pretty sure a line is crossed here. #CNNBlackmail https://t.co/k4W9AepP6W  Scott Taylor (@Scotttaylorva) July 5, 2017#CNNBLACKMAIL IS TRENDING WORLDIWDE!What CNN thought was a gotcha moment turned putto backfire on them. It s being reported that the private Reddit user who made the WWE video is only 15-years old!",0
10467,NEW REPORT: OBAMAPHONE Program Stashed $9 BILLION In Private Bank Accounts…Exposes Massive Windfall For Phone Companies,"Who could forget the  Obamaphone Lady  from Cleveland, OH, who unashamedly told an interviewer she was voting for Obama because all minorities in Cleveland get a free Obamaphone from Obama, and  He s gonna do more!  She actually woke up and admitted that she, and other minorities had been played by Obama in a follow-up video at the bottom of the page.The controversial  Obamaphone  program, which pays for cellphones for the poor, is rife with fraud, according to a new government report released Thursday that found more than a third of enrollees may not even be qualified.Known officially as the Lifeline Program, the phone giveaway became a symbol of government waste in the previous administration. Now a new report from the Government Accountability Office bears out those concerns.The report, requested by Sen. Claire McCaskill, Missouri Democrat, also says the program has stashed some $9 billion in assets in private bank accounts rather than with the federal treasury, further increasing risks and depriving taxpayers of the full benefit of that money. A complete lack of oversight is causing this program to fail the American taxpayer   everything that could go wrong is going wrong,  said Mrs. McCaskill, ranking Democrat on the Senate s chief oversight committee and who is a former state auditor in Missouri. We re currently letting phone companies cash a government check every month with little more than the honor system to hold them accountable, and that simply can t continue,  she said. The program, run by the Federal Communications Commission, predates President Obama, but it gained attention during his administration when recipients began to associate the free phone with other benefits he doled out to the poor.   Washington TimesThe Daily Caller reported:A massive portion of Obamaphone recipients are receiving the benefit after lying on their applications, according to a new 90-page report from the Government Accountability Office (GAO).An undercover sting operation showed ineligible applications were approved 63 percent of the time, and a review that found that 36 to 65 percent of beneficiaries in various categories had lied in easily-detectable ways but were approved anyway.The fraud reached unheard-of proportions because the Federal Communications Commission let the task of screening for eligibility fall to phone companies that profit off of enrolling as many people as possible.GAO undercover investigators applied for free government phones 19 times using criteria that should have been rejected, and  we were approved to receive Lifeline services by 12 of the 19 Lifeline providers using fictitious eligibility documentation. All someone has to do to apply for free cell phone service is say that they are on another welfare program, such as food stamps or disability, known as SSI.When Congress considered reforms, phone companies took out daily full-page ads in publications read by Capitol Hill staffers. The wife of the CEO of TracFone, the largest beneficiary of Obamaphones, was a mega-fundraiser for former President Barack Obama.The cause of the fraud rates, shocking even by federal government standards, was always clear: The FCC allowed companies with a profit motive to sign up as many people as possible to determine eligibility.Phone companies swooped into housing projects in vans with neon flashing lights to register users. A woman approached by one such representative outside of a welfare office told The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group the man encouraged her to enroll her two-year-old.The companies weren t checking eligibility, and the FCC wasn t ensuring they did or punishing those who didn t. Additionally, the FCC failed to provide many companies with the intra-government databases that would give them the ability to perform some checks, the GAO found.The Obamaphone Lady aka Michelle Dowry made an appearance on Alex Jones  show where she admitted to finally waking up, as she discovered that Barack Obama s presidency was a giant hoax. The only thing that Michele and the rest of the the minority community Obama promised to help got during his 8 years in office was a tax-payer funded  free  phone:",0
10468,#CNNBlackmails Private Citizen! Threatens to Expose Reddit User Who Made Hysterical WWE/Trump Video…Protects Identities of Fake Russia Story Sources Who Lied.,"CNN reported that they declined to expose a private citizen who made the WWE video of President Trump wrestling with a CNN logo if  the guy promises not to do it again: CNN reserves the right to publish his identity should any of that change.  This is blackmail right?#FraudNewsCNN #FNN pic.twitter.com/WYUnHjjUjg  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 2, 2017 The hysterical video has been seen over 1 million times after it was tweeted out by President Trump. It was produced by a Reddit user who is private:Soon after the CNN statement, twitter was abuzz over the fact that CNN was extorting this private citizen: DONALD TRUMP JR RETWEETED THE THREAT:CONGRESSMAN SCOTT TAYLOR TWEETED OUT: @CNN U basically coerce apology & threaten release of identity if something changes? Pretty sure a line is crossed here. #CNNBlackmail https://t.co/k4W9AepP6W  Scott Taylor (@Scotttaylorva) July 5, 2017 #CNNBLACKMAIL IS TRENDING WORLDIWDE!What CNN thought was a gotcha moment turned putto backfire on them. It s being reported that the private Reddit user who made the WWE video is only 15-years old!",0
10469,"OH WHAT A DAY! First Family Fourth of July Fireworks, Concerts and a Military Picnic [Video]","It s been a great July 4th! President Trump is attending the National Mall concert and fireworks:THE BEACH BOYS AND OTHER TRADITIONAL ACTS WERE ON HAND TO HELP CELEBRATE THE 4TH OF JULY IN D.C.:IVANKA TRUMP TWEETED OUT:A little ice cream before the fireworks! #fourthofjuly pic.twitter.com/Gf0SUODxqF  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) July 5, 2017IN CASE YOU MISSED IT:President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump attended the Military Families Picnic today in support of our US military families and the brave men and women who serve. Pres Trump welcomed a very special guest: 1st Lt Michael Pence, USMC   the son of VP and Mrs Pence. The video below is of the ceremony and speech during the picnic.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ja6KQefEPNgPRESIDENT TRUMP TWEETED OUT BEFORE HIS ARRIVAL TODAY:Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 4, 2017THE FIRST LADY TWEETED OUT A MESSAGE TO AMERICA:#HappyIndependenceDay   We are the land of the free because of the brave. Thank you to the heroes who serve!  Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) July 4, 2017FLOTUS LOOKED BEAUTIFUL!#FLOTUS in lovely blue #EstebanCort zar dress for #FourthofJuly!  : Getty Nicholas Kamm pic.twitter.com/0g11RWbEQ6  White House Wardrobe (@whitehousedress) July 4, 2017Hands over hearts as US Marine sings National Anthem at start of WH picnic for military families:Hands over hearts as US Marine sings National Anthem at start of WH picnic for military families. pic.twitter.com/4sZbwMNb2C  Mark Knoller (@markknoller) July 4, 2017A SHOT OF THE GUESTS ON THE LAWN:Trump, 1st lady, Pence, 2nd lady emerge together on balcony for Fourth of July picnic. pic.twitter.com/zCM7w8qG8B  Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) July 4, 2017Pres Trump welcomes VP and Mrs Pence and their son 1st Lt Michael Pence, USMC:Pres Trump welcomes VP and Mrs Pence and their son 1st Lt Michael Pence, USMC. pic.twitter.com/a6QFfCWjp6  Mark Knoller (@markknoller) July 4, 2017For President Donald Trump s first Independence Day in office, he and first lady Melania Trump were hosting a picnic for military families at the White House, followed by a fireworks viewing for military families and staffers. The capital city s fireworks festivities, aired on PBS, are to include performances by The Beach Boys, The Four Tops, country musicians Kellie Pickler and Trace Adkins, and two characters who fought for independence in a galaxy far, far away    Star Wars  droids R2-D2 and C-3PO. This year marks the movie s 40th anniversary.But before the picnic, Trump kicked off his holiday at his golf club in Virginia. The president arrived at the club in Sterling just before 10 a.m. and spent nearly four hours there before returning to the White House. Aides did not answer questions about whether he was golfing.",0
10470,PRESIDENT AND FIRST LADY Attend Military Families Picnic…With A Very Special Guest! [Video],"President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump are attending the Military Families Picnic today in support of our US military families and the brave men and women who serve. Pres Trump welcomed a very special guest: 1st Lt Michael Pence, USMC   the son of VP and Mrs Pence. The video below is of the ceremony and speech during the picnic. Don t forget: There will be a live stream tonight at 9pm ET for the fireworks display at the White House!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ja6KQefEPNgPRESIDENT TRUMP TWEETED OUT BEFORE HIS ARRIVAL TODAY:Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 4, 2017THE FIRST LADY TWEETED OUT A MESSAGE TO AMERICA:#HappyIndependenceDay   We are the land of the free because of the brave. Thank you to the heroes who serve!  Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) July 4, 2017Hands over hearts as US Marine sings National Anthem at start of WH picnic for military families:Hands over hearts as US Marine sings National Anthem at start of WH picnic for military families. pic.twitter.com/4sZbwMNb2C  Mark Knoller (@markknoller) July 4, 2017A SHOT OF THE GUESTS ON THE LAWN:Trump, 1st lady, Pence, 2nd lady emerge together on balcony for Fourth of July picnic. pic.twitter.com/zCM7w8qG8B  Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) July 4, 2017Pres Trump welcomes VP and Mrs Pence and their son 1st Lt Michael Pence, USMC:Pres Trump welcomes VP and Mrs Pence and their son 1st Lt Michael Pence, USMC. pic.twitter.com/a6QFfCWjp6  Mark Knoller (@markknoller) July 4, 2017",0
10471,Former Navy SEAL and Harvard Grad “Body-Slams” #FakeNews CNN Host [VIDEO],"Former Navy SEAL and GOP Rep. Scott Taylor, R-Va., body-slammed #FakeNews CNN in an interview on Monday saying that they and the rest of the liberal media are  getting played  by President Donald Trump. He criticizes them for covering his tweets and not focussing on the  real issues .  I think every time he does this you guys overreact   and I say you guys, I mean the media in general. You guys play right into his hands. You guys are playing right into his hands. You overreact, and then he s able to use that politically,  Taylor said.  You ve got to start reporting on news. This is not really news.  He said the media needs to  talk about real issues . You re falling into a trap by covering tweets all the time. There s a lot of news out there  There s a lot of focus on health care, a lot of focus on veterans, a lot of focus on the South China Sea. There s a lot of news out there to cover. Source: Washington Examiner",0
10472,WATCH: MIKE HUCKABEE DEFENDS Daughter Sarah…Makes Hilarious Comparison To Media And Preschool Age Grandchildren,"Mike Huckabee appeared on FOX s Hannity show where Kimberly Guilfoyle was filling in for host Sean Hannity. Guilfoyle congratulated the former Governor Mike Huckabee s daughter Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders for her handling of the hypocritical press. Guilfoyle talked about the media and how they attacked President Trump for retweeting a hilarious video made to look like he was body-slamming CNN, while ignoring the Central Park play where President Trump was stabbed to death on the stage in front of thousands.Huckabee told Kimberly Guilfoyle he was proud of his daughter and how she s handled the constant attacks by the media. Huckabee gave a hilarious example of why he believes his daughter is able to handle the leftist media so well: I think my daughter is handling this very well because she has three preschoolers at home. So she s used to dealing with petulant children who ask the same question over and over hoping to get a different answer, the one that they want. And so maybe that s part of the reason she s able to stay flat-footed, look those folks in the eye and handle it. ",0
10473,‘COVER THE REAL NEWS!’ Heated Debate on CNN’s Obsession With Trump Tweets [Video],"Alisyn Camerota sparred with Rep. Scott Taylor (R-VA) over President Donald Trump s weekend tweet of a video in which he beats Vince McMahon with a CNN graphic superimposed on the WWE commissioner s face.Notice how Camerota just keeps on going even though Taylor shuts her down with so much truth! He s awesome! Camerota is a political hack who has one agenda she only wants to make President Trump look bad. In interview after interview, she blatantly attacks Trump and his administration. Who knows why Trump supporters attempt an interview with Camerota!OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON CAMEROTA:TRUMP PRESS SECRETARY Calls Out CNN S CAMEROTA For  Unbelievable  Questions :  I know it s frustrating for you that we re doing it in a logical way  [Video]Wow! This interview is hysterical! Sean Spicer runs circles around political hack Camerota It gets good around the 3:30 mark I know it s frustrating for you that we re doing it in a logical way,    Sean Spicer to Allison Camerota https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6mzC5kPR3sCamerota just can t break Spicer He s too good at debate. ",0
10474,"Guess how leftists, millennials and ‘Black Lives Matter’ morons decided to celebrate the 4th of July?","Guess how leftists, millennials and  Black Lives Matter  morons decided to celebrate the 4th of July? Do they even know our history? Do they care? The video below is one of the best ever from Paul Joseph Watson 2016: LANGUAGE ALERT!Paul Joseph Watson does a great job of explaining why America is great and how wrong so many leftists are on our history. From racism to genocide, Watson walks us through the misconceptions about America. Great stuff! You re carrying Mexican flags while chanting,  Trump is not my President.  You know that this is America right? ***Language warning***It s funny that a Brit can know more about how great America is than any American citizen ",0
10475,FILMMAKER DINESH D’SOUZA: Eight Things I LOVE About America!,"FILMMAKER DINESH D SOUZA S Eight things I LOVE about America!  To make us love our country,  Edmund Burke once said,  our country ought to be lovely.  Burke s point is that we should love our country not just because it is ours, but also because it is good. America is far from perfect, and there is lots of room for improvement. In spite of its flaws, however, American life as it is lived today is the best life that our world has to offer. Ultimately America is worthy of our love and sacrifice because, more than any other society, it makes possible the good life, and the life that is good.  America provides an amazingly good life for the ordinary guy  Rich people live well everywhere. But what distinguishes America is that it provides an impressively high standard of living for the  common man. America offers more opportunity and social mobility than any other country, including the countries of Europe  America is the only country that has created a population of  self-made tycoons.  Only in America could Pierre Omidyar, whose parents are Iranian and who grew up in Paris, have started a company like eBay. Work and trade are respectable in America  Historically most cultures have despised the merchant and the laborer, regarding the former as vile and corrupt and the latter as degraded and vulgar. Examples: ancient Greece and medieval Islam But the American founders altered this moral hierarchy. America has achieved greater social equality than any other society  True, there are large inequalities of income and wealth in America. These gaps in material wealth exist on every inch of the globe. But Americans are socially more equal than any other people, and this is unaffected by economic disparities. Alexis de Tocqueville noticed this egalitarianism a century and a half ago and it is, if anything, more prevalent today. For all his riches, Bill Gates could not approach the typical American and say,  Here s a $100 bill. I ll give it to you if you kiss my feet.  Most likely, the person would tell Gates where to go! The American view is that the rich guy may have more money, but he isn t in any fundamental sense better than anyone else. In America the destiny of the young is not given to them, but created by them  In most countries in the world, your fate and your identity are handed to you; in America, you determine them for yourself. America is a country where your life is like a blank sheet of paper, and you are the artist. This notion of being the architect of your own destiny is the incredibly powerful idea that is behind the worldwide appeal of America. America has gone further than any other society in establishing equality of rights  Sadly, there is nothing distinctively American about slavery or bigotry. Slavery has existed in virtually every culture, and xenophobia, prejudice and discrimination are worldwide phenomena. Western civilization is the only civilization to mount a principled campaign against slavery; no country expended more treasure and blood to get rid of slavery than the United States. While racism remains a problem, this country has made strenuous efforts to eradicate discrimination, even to the extent of enacting policies that give legal preference in university admissions, jobs, and government contracts. It is extremely unlikely that a racist society would have permitted such policies in the first place. America has found a solution to the problem of religious and ethnic conflict that continues to divide and terrorize much of the world  Visitors to places like New York are amazed to see the way in which Serbs and Croatians, Sikhs and Hindus, Irish Catholics and Irish Protestants, Jews and Palestinians, all seem to work and live together in harmony. How is this possible when these same groups are spearing each other and burning each other s homes in so many places in the world? The American answer is, do not extend rights to racial or ethnic groups but only to individuals; in this way, all are equal in the eyes of the law, opportunity is open to anyone who can take advantage of it, and everybody who embraces the American way of life can truly  become American. America has the kindest, gentlest foreign policy of any great power in world history  Critics of the United States are likely to react to this truth with sputtering outrage. Quoting a laundry list of American sins. What the critics leave out is the other side of the story. Twice in the 20th century, the United States saved the world   first from the Nazi threat, then from Soviet totalitarianism. What would have been the world s fate if America had not existed? After destroying Germany and Japan in World War II, the United States proceeded to rebuild both countries, and today they are American allies. Now we are doing the same thing in Afghanistan and Iraq. For the most part America is an abstaining superpower; it shows no real interest in conquering and subjugating the rest of the world. (Imagine how the Soviets would have acted if they had won the Cold War.) On occasion the United States intervenes to overthrow a tyrannical regime or to halt massive human rights abuses in another country, but it never stays to rule that country. In Grenada, Haiti and Bosnia, the United States got in and then it got out. U.S. troops build hospitals, orphanages and schools across the globe. Almost everyday American planes dropped food and medical supplies to avert hardship and starvation. What other country does these things? What other superpower in history has such moral restraint on its unequaled power? -list by D. D Souza",0
10476,LOL! FAKE INDIAN Elizabeth Warren Returns DNA Kit REAL INDIAN GOP Senate Challenger Sent As Birthday Gift,"In February, Boston-based entrepreneur and inventor of Email V.A. Shiva Ayyadurai announced his candidacy for the US Senate seat currently occupied by radical leftist Elizabeth Warren.Today, ShivaRatri, when Light overcame Darkness, we launched my campaign for US SENATE against @SenWarren. Defend the American Dream!  Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai (@va_shiva) February 25, 2017Ayyadurai is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and is best known for his claim to have invented email.Ayyadurai is not afraid to take the fight to the very dishonest Democrat Senator Elizabeth Warren. Yesterday, he tweeted evidence of a DNA kit he sent to Senator Warren for her birthday that was promptly returned. The DNA kit was a clear jab at Warren after she lied about her  Indian  heritage as a way to jump ahead of other applicants for a teaching position at the prestigious Harvard University.I'm deeply saddened @SenWarren refused my thoughtful (gift-wrapped) Birthday Gift: the 23&me DNA Test Kit. Most unfortunate! #FakeIndian pic.twitter.com/BI7F20wDW8  Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai (@va_shiva) July 2, 2017Elizabeth Warren  was listed as the Harvard Law s  first woman of color  in 1997 law review piece on diversity and affirmative action!Elizabeth Warren pushed back hard on questions about a Harvard Crimson piece in 1996 that described her as Native American, saying she had no idea the school where she taught law was billing her that way and saying it never came up during her hiring a year earlier, which others have backed up.But a 1997 Fordham Law Review piece described her as Harvard Law School s  first woman of color,  based, according to the notes at the bottom of the story, on a  telephone interview with Michael Chmura, News Director, Harvard Law (Aug. 6, 1996). GPDr. V.A. Shiva Ayyadurai has a pretty impressive resume:He s the inventor of email and polymath, holds four degrees from MIT, is a world-renowned systems scientist, inventor and entrepreneur.His love of medicine and complex systems began in India when he became intrigued with medicine at the age of five as he observed his grandmother, a farmer and healer in the small village of Muhavur in South India, apply Siddha, India s oldest system of traditional medicine, to heal and support local villagers. These early experiences inspired him to pursue the study of modern systems science, information technology and eastern and traditional systems of medicine to develop an integrative framework linking eastern and western systems of medicine.",0
10477,OMINOUS WARNING TO EUROPEANS: You Are Committing Self-Murder…Life As You Know It Is About To Change…Immigrants Will Bring Their Wars To Your Doorstep [VIDEO],"Douglas Murray, author of The Strange Death Of Europe: Immigration, Identity, Islam gives a stunning account of the  self murder  or Europe in the  Death Of Europe  article published by ExpressUKI have travelled to the places where migrants continue to land and the places where they keep ending up. Everywhere I have gone I have come to the same conclusion: our continent is in the process of self-murder.Amid the day-to-day distraction of life and politics, it is easy to forget this biggest event of our time. All pale into insignificance besides the story of the loss by Europeans of the only place we had to call home.Whenever this country does have a debate about immigration it is minuscule. It tends to focus on Calais. The British public sees footage of people sitting in makeshift tents or hurling missiles into the roads to slow the trucks down so they can board them and break into Britain.Each time actors, celebrities and politicians head to Calais and visit the camp. They return to tell the British public that it must be more open-hearted and generous.The argument they make is humane. It is an understandable reaction to human misery but it is a core part of our society s suicide mission.Take that example of Calais. Before the latest clearance of the camp there were about 6,000 people living there. None of them should have been there.By being there they had already broken every one of the rules that our continent put in place which demands they seek asylum in the first country of arrival. Almost nobody arrives into France first.All these people have landed in Greece or Italy and made their way north.And yet still the celebrities and others pick at our consciences. Can we not be generous and at least let in the people who are there? It is wholly understandable   and also ill-informed madness.Over this year s Easter weekend alone about 8,000 people were picked up between the coast of north Africa and the south of Italy.They were described   as everyone always is   as being  rescued . In fact what happens   what has been happening for years   is that each day boats filled with migrants set out from north Africa.During the heights of the migration crisis of 2015, when Germany s Chancellor Angela Merkel opened up the doors of Europe to the world, the whole continent began to buckle.But in reality that flood of millions into Europe only sped up a process that had been under way for years. Ever since the postwar period European governments had encouraged migrant workers to come in.At first   as Chancellor Merkel herself admitted in a speech in 2010   they expected the workers to return home. But they didn t. They stayed. As did the flow after that and the ones for decades after that.The governments of countries such as ours failed to get anything right. All their predictions were wrong for decades. They were wrong that people would stay for only a short time. Wrong to think that they would not continue to come in large numbers.Wrong that they might not want to bring their extended families to join them. And wrong to think that once the tap was turned on anything but very radical action could ever bring the numbers to a controllable level.During the course of researching The Strange Death Of Europe: Immigration, Identity, Islam, I have travelled to see the places where those migrants who arrive on our continent end up. Last year the migrant crisis was widely believed to have slowed down.But it had not and its effects were still visible everywhere. In the outskirts of Paris I saw hundreds of young sub-Saharan men living in tents in the middle of roadways. The French police would occasionally move them a few hundred feet further along.In remote parts of Sweden areas that used to be filled with Swedes are inhabited instead by the residents of other continents.Still the dream of some Europeans is that the arrivals into Europe will become European. It is more likely that Europe will simply begin to look increasingly Third World. For entire story: ExpressThe European Guardian made this ominous video warning Europeans of the danger they are putting themselves and their children in with their reckless open borders: A Safe Home Will Be YesterdayYou Will Fight To Survive Safety Will Become A Privilege Of The Political Elite.Watch:https://twitter.com/Missy_America/status/881981638518784000",0
10478,SHUT IT DOWN! JUDICIAL WATCH PRES Calls Out Biased Mueller Witch Hunt “Are there any Trump donors on the team?” [Video]," Are there any Trump donors on the team? GREAT QUESTION BY TOM FITTON! Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton joined FOX News to explain Mueller s latest hire of Andrew Goldstein, a former prosecutor who worked under Preet Bharara in New York. Remember Prett Bharara? Trump fired him! Fitton questioned who is overseeing Mueller s day-to-day conduct, pointing to the 12 hires he has made for his legal team all liberal political hacks!Special Counsel Mueller s investigation is out of control. @realDonaldTrump DOJ should shut it down. https://t.co/IYr9Hiqkix  Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) July 2, 2017A VERY KEY REASON FOR THIS WITCH HUNT TO END IS THAT: Several of the lawyers donated to Democrats and it seems that the team is  searching for a crime. Fitton said:  I don t understand what this investigation is about.. You know my count is 14, 15 lawyers to have working on this one investigation to investigate to investigate what? An employment dispute between Comey and the President? You have the conflicts caused by Comey leaking records to get Mueller appointed, you have Constitutional concerns about the way the office operates. Fitton then pointed out what s a big concern for most people watching this unfold:  Are there any Trump donors on the team? IN CASE YOU HAVEN T HEARD   HERE S OUR RECENT REPORT ON THE LOPSIDED GROUP OF ALL DEMOCRAT DONOR LAWYERS HELPING MUELLER TRY AND BURY TRUMP:Former NH Governor John Sununu let Alison Camarata have it when she asked about the Russia investigation and Robert Mueller. Sununu said that Trump should have been notified if he was under investigation and then he slammed Mueller for hiring all Dems.Camerota:  Should the White House know if the President is being investigated for obstruction of justice? Sununu:  If the President is being investigated for obstruction of justice, the White House should have been officially notified. Sununu:  What bothers me the most and there must be a reason for it, is Mueller making four of his first hires so blatantly biased lawyers, pro-Democrat lawyers with a bias certainly against the President. Maybe Mueller has decided internally that this isn t going anywhere and that the only way he can have credibility on a decision saying that there s nothing there is to have that decision come from a group of lawyers that are so blatantly biased against the President. CNN Reports   Three members of the legal team known to have been hired so far by special counsel Robert Mueller to handle the Russia investigation have given political donations almost exclusively to Democrats, according to a CNN analysis of Federal Election Commission records.",0
10479,NJ GOV #ChrisChristie Busted On Beach After Closing It To The Public…SOCIAL MEDIA GOES CRAZY,"New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is catching heat on Twitter after he spent Sunday soaking up the sun with his family on a state beach that was closed to the public. The outrage was caused when the state legislators couldn t agree on a budget so they closed down 11 miles of state beaches to the general public during 4th of July weekend BUT the rules apparently don t apply to Christy!Christie hosted a private beach party! He was caught lounging at the beach with his entourage which catapulted the hashtag #ChrisChristie to the top of Twitter trends on Sunday night into Monday morning PHOTOSHOP GOLD! WHEN YOU RE CHRIS CHRISTIE IN YOUR LAST TERM DGAF When you re #ChrisChristie, in your last term: you #dgaf pic.twitter.com/Y2lLw3JtXf  rabbit (@rrrrrabbitt) July 3, 2017 THE INTERNET IS AMAZING The internet is amazing. #ChrisChristie pic.twitter.com/UMNLE7Hq3u  studioloraine (@studioloraine) July 3, 2017 CHRIS CHRISTIE S CELEBRITY PRIVATE BEACH #ChrisChristie celebrity private beach pic.twitter.com/RXJ1fkddsG  Meme GOP (@GOPMeme) July 3, 2017 WHOOPS I MADE THIS BY ACCIDENT Whoops I made this by accident #ChrisChristie pic.twitter.com/okUm9Ca32r  iNexsus (@iNexsus) July 3, 2017 This is hysterical! This is hysterical! #ChrisChristie pic.twitter.com/ZUcboonNGc  Lorna Brooks (@lornagrl) July 3, 2017The problem with this is appearances it appears as though Chris Christie disregards the people he works for. The citizens of New Jersey deserve someone who doesn t think he s above the rules and regulations. It s banana republic behavior at best. He didn t help himself when he said if people want to enjoy the beach then they could try and be governor OUCH!",0
10480,BRAINWASHED CHILDREN MOCK President Trump in Disturbing Washington Post VIDEO,"A disturbing video published by The Washington Post on June 29 shows a group of brainwashed students singing Twitter posts by President Donald Trump attempting to mock him. A group of about twelve children, entitled  Washington Post Kids Chorus , are shown in a classroom banging on drums and waving American flags. The video is called  The Washington Post s Kids Chorus Singing President Trump s Tweets . Following their mockery of President Donald Trump, the class sings the Post s new motto:  Democracy Dies in Darkness .The Post does not state the name of the school or location where the mockery took place. The video, which was published on June 29 to the Post s verified YouTube account was also mentioned in the June 30 column, The Daily 202, titled  The Daily 202 presents the world debut of the Washington Post Kids Chorus. Their first musical assignment had a political twist: the president s tweets. From our video team: .Viewers who were disgusted in the Washington Post video made some of the following comments:  How about we leave 5-year-olds out of politics? Anything else is borderline brainwashing. Let the kids decide for themselves what their political beliefs are. No one else believes you so you have to trick children to push your narrative. This is just beyond wrong and twisted. The Left have always used children as political props. They control the schools so they have ready access. This is like North Korean propaganda. Let s use our children. Washington Post was once great, but no more. h/t  Gateway Pundit ",0
10481,“WANNABE PRESIDENT” BARACK OBAMA MEETS With South Korean President After Trashing President Trump In Indonesia,"Former President Barack Obama seems to be feeling nostalgic for his old job, meeting with South Korean President Moon Jae-in Monday for 40 minutes.The Korea Herald reported that Moon spoke about his recent meetings with President Trump in Washington and asked Obama for his advice on how to improve that relationship.The meeting came after Obama spoke at the Asian Leadership Conference and the Fourth Congress of Indonesian Diaspora in Jakarta. There he attacked Trump s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate change accord. In Paris, we came together around the most ambitious agreement in history about climate change, an agreement that even with the temporary absence of American leadership can still give our children a fighting chance,  Obama said in Indonesia.The former president had said before leaving office that he appreciated his predecessor George W. Bush s silence during his tenure, but also contended that he s  still a citizen and that carries with it duties and obligations.    Daily Caller",0
10482,“WHAT A WUSS!” CNN Political Hack Attacks Trump Adviser In On-Air Rant…She’s a Republican Strategist??? [Video],"CNN s Ana Navarro becomes totally unhinged in an attack on president Trump and one of his advisers. Her on-air tirade is so unhinged that the co-hosts just sit there in shock. The irony is that she speaks in hateful terms of Trump while claiming he s going to cause someone to harm the news media. That s pretty funny since she said nothing when a play depicting Trump being assassinated was all over the news and that Kathy Griffin  beheaded Trump too! This woman is supposed to be a  Republican strategist ???Cry me a river  CNN is not the victim and a meme is not inciting violence. The left can t handle being called out! pic.twitter.com/3ESWMqrQXD  Corryn   (@Corrynmb) July 2, 2017The Republican party sure has some work to do to call out this supposed  Republican strategist  for being a total fraud! She just tweeted this morning that she will never accept Trump as her President. Well, it s going to be a looong 8 years for this political fraudster!Did she forget about all of the past Presidential moves that were much, much more offensive .Bill Clinton? No, she won t mention that sexual deviant because the truth is that Navarro is a DEMOCRAT!Get this woman off of the cable shows as someone speaking on behalf of the Republican Party!",0
10483,HIDDEN CAMERA Shows How Illegal Aliens Steal Jobs From Americans…How They Really Feel About Competing With American Citizens For Jobs [VIDEO],"Liberals have been telling American citizens for decades that  illegal aliens are doing the low-wage jobs Americans won t do. Is that really true?How much do those illegal aliens standing on various street corners make per hour, per week or per year? Do they really pay taxes? Are they helping or harming American citizens who are hoping to find work and become self-sufficient?  How does employing illegal aliens in America affect our economy? How much money does the government take from working American citizens via taxes to provide illegal aliens the opportunity to work and live in America tax free?Comedian and conservative activist Steven Crowder goes undercover in his latest video that answers all of these questions. Crowder joins illegal aliens on a street corner who are looking to be picked up by employers and given a job for the day. Watch the negotiation process and notice how boldly one of the illegal aliens admits to Crowder that he doesn t pay any taxes. The illegal alines are also not so subtle about the way they let Crowder know they don t want any white male US citizens competing for jobs with them.Watch:",0
10484,‘SEEMS LIKE A THREAT’: ABC’s Raddatz Tries to Get Trump Adviser to Badmouth President Over WWE Tweet [Video],"ABC political hack Martha Raddatz tried to bait Homeland Security Adviser Thomas Bossert when she played the CNN WWE video and commented that it  seems like a threat . Bossert didn t take the bait but praised President Trump for standing up to the media. Great job!NEW: Homeland Security Adviser Thomas Bossert on Trump s CNN tweet:  No one would perceive that as a threat. I hope they don t.  #ThisWeek pic.twitter.com/BfrWWt7buM  This Week (@ThisWeekABC) July 2, 2017The DHS adviser responded:  No one would perceive that as a threat. I hope they don t. I do think that he s beaten up in a way on cable platforms that he has a right to respond to.He went on to praise President Trump:  the most genuine president and the most non-politician president we ve seen in my lifetime. There s a lot of cable new shows that reach directly into hundreds of thousands of viewers and they re really not all very fair to the president. So I m pretty proud of the president for developing a Twitter and a social media platform where he can talk directly to the American people. ",0
10485,"AWESOME! GREG GUTFELD: World hatred of Trump is their problem, not ours! [Video]","Greg Gutfeld nailed how Americans feel right now about their place in the world.  America First  is the mantra that candidate Trump repeatedly spoke about in rally after rally. The globalists and establishment joined with Democrats to oppose Trump but he s a fearless soldier for America s return to greatness:  From this day forward, a new vision will govern our land. From this day forward, it s going to be only America First.    DJTIt s way past time to realize that world hatred of Trump is their problem, not ours Thank you Greg Gutfeld!JUST IN CASE YOU NEED A REFRESHER ON WHAT TRUMP PROMISED FOR AMERICAN:A transcript of Donald Trump s inaugural address, delivered Friday, Jan. 20, 2017, after his swearing-in as the 45th president of the United States.Chief Justice Roberts, President Carter, President Clinton, President Bush, President Obama, fellow Americans, and people of the world: Thank you.We, the citizens of America, are now joined in a great national effort to rebuild our country and to restore its promise for all of our people.Together we will determine the course of America and the world for many, many years to come.We will face challenges, we will confront hardships but we will get the job done.Every four years we gather on these steps to carry out the orderly and peaceful transfer of power and we are grateful to President Obama and First Lady Michele Obama for their gracious aid in this transition. They have been magnificent. Thank you.Today s ceremony has very special meaning because today we are not merely transferring power from one administration to another or one party to another but we are transferring power from Washington, D.C., and giving it back to you, the people.For too long a small group in our nation s capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost. Washington flourished but the people did not share in its wealth. Politicians prospered but the jobs left and the factories closed. The establishment protected itself but not the citizens of our country. Their victories have not been your victories, their triumphs have not been your triumphs.And while they celebrated in our nation s capital there was little to celebrate for struggling families all across our land.That all changes right here and right now because this moment is your moment. It belongs to you.It belongs to everyone gathered here today, and everyone watching all across America.This is your day, this is your celebration, and this, the United States of America, is your country.What truly matters is not which party controls our government but whether our government is controlled by the people. Jan. 20, 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.The forgotten men and women of this country will be forgotten no longer.Everyone is listening to you now. You came by the tens of millions to become part of a historic movement the likes of which the world has never seen before.At the center of this movement is a crucial conviction that a nation exists to serve its citizens. Americans want great schools for their children, safe neighborhoods for their families and good jobs for themselves. These are just and reasonably demands of righteous people and a righteous public.But for too many of our citizens a different reality existsMothers and children trapped in poverty in our inner cities; rusted-out factories scattered like tombstones across the landscape of our nation; an education system flush with cash but which leaves our young and beautiful students deprived of all knowledge. And the crime and the gangs and the drugs that have stolen too many lives and robbed our country of so much unrealized potential.This American carnage stops right here and stops right now.We are one nation   and their pain is our pain. Their dreams are our dreams; and their success will be our success. We share one heart, one home, and one glorious destiny.The oath of office I take today is an oath of allegiance to all Americans.For many decades, we ve enriched foreign industry at the expense of American industry; subsidized the armies of other countries while allowing for the very sad depletion of our military; we ve defended other nation s borders while refusing to defend our own; and spent trillions of dollars overseas while America s infrastructure has fallen into disrepair and decay.We ve made other countries rich while the wealth, strength, and confidence of our country has dissipated over the horizon.One by one, the factories shuttered and left our shores, with not even a thought about the millions and millions of American workers that were left behind.The wealth of our middle class has been ripped from their homes and then redistributed across the entire world.But that is the past. And now we are looking only to the future.We assembled here today are issuing a new decree to be heard in every city, in every foreign capital, and in every hall of power.From this day forward, a new vision will govern our land.From this day forward, it s going to be only America First.Every decision on trade, on taxes, on immigration, on foreign affairs, will be made to benefit American workers and American families.We must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies, and destroying our jobs. Protection will lead to great prosperity and strength.I will fight for you with every breath in my body   and I will never, ever let you down.America will start winning again, winning like never before.We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth. And we will bring back our dreams.We will build new roads, and highways, and bridges, and airports, and tunnels, and railways all across our wonderful nation.We will get our people off of welfare and back to work   rebuilding our country with American hands and American labor.We will follow two simple rules: Buy American and hire American.We will seek friendship and goodwill with the nations of the world   but we do so with the understanding that it is the right of all nations to put their own interests first.We do not seek to impose our way of life on anyone, but rather to let it shine as an example   we will shine   for everyone to follow.We will reinforce old alliances and form new ones   and unite the civilized world against radical Islamic terrorism, which we will eradicate completely from the face of the Earth.At the bedrock of our politics will be a total allegiance to the United States of America, and through our loyalty to our country, we will rediscover our loyalty to each other.When you open your heart to patriotism, there is no room for prejudice.The Bible tells us,  How good and pleasant it is when God s people live together in unity. We must speak our minds openly, debate our disagreements honestly, but always pursue solidarity.When America is united, America is totally unstoppable.There should be no fear   we are protected, and we will always be protected.We will be protected by the great men and women of our military and law enforcement and, most importantly, we are protected by God.Finally, we must think big and dream even bigger.In America, we understand that a nation is only living as long as it is striving.We will no longer accept politicians who are all talk and no action   constantly complaining but never doing anything about it.The time for empty talk is over.Now arrives the hour of action.Do not let anyone tell you it cannot be done. No challenge can match the heart and fight and spirit of America.We will not fail. Our country will thrive and prosper again.We stand at the birth of a new millennium, ready to unlock the mysteries of space, to free the Earth from the miseries of disease, and to harness the energies, industries and technologies of tomorrow.A new national pride will stir our souls, lift our sights, and heal our divisions.It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American flag.And whether a child is born in the urban sprawl of Detroit or the wind-swept plains of Nebraska, they look up at the same night sky, they fill their heart with the same dreams, and they are infused with the breath of life by the same almighty Creator.So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain, and from ocean to ocean, hear these words:You will never be ignored again.Your voice, your hopes, and your dreams will define our American destiny. And your courage and goodness and love will forever guide us along the way.Together, we will make America strong again.We will make America wealthy again.We will make America proud again.We will make America safe again.And yes, together we will make America great again. Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America.",0
10486,TRUMP DRIVES CRITICS CRAZY: Eliminates Obama’s Czars…Pays Female Staffers More Than Men…Saves Taxpayers Millions!,"Meanwhile, back at CNN Russia Russia Russia!The White House payroll is an excellent example of Trump s commitment to shrink government and save taxpayers money. The White House released the report of Trump s staffers  salaries in a 16-page report on Friday, resulting in projected four-year savings of more than $22 million. Not only is President Trump refusing to take his $400,000 salary, but also eliminating czars (which Obama came under fire for hiring starting in 2009), expensive  fellowships , and spending on FLOTUS staff.Here are some key findings:Some special initiative czars that worked for President Obama include Assistant to the President for Energy and Climate Change Carol Browner ($172,000), Director of the Office of Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships Joshua DuBois ($98,000), White House Director of Urban Affairs Adolfo Carrion Jr ($158,500), and Director of the White House Office of Health Reform Nancy-Ann DeParle ($158,500).The reports also confirm only 5 staffers dedicated to First Lady Melania Trump, compared to Michelle Obama s outrageous 24 staffers.Trump also eliminated positions in the White House Leadership Development program which was instituted by President Obama in 2015. Positions included that of Elaine Ho at a salary of $158,700 who was in charge of working with the Office of the First Lady to implement her  Let Girls Learn  initiative. Two  Directors  whose positions were also eliminated from the payroll include Pamela Coleman ($120,000) and Katherine Pielemeier ($60,876).Gary Cohn, president of Goldman Sachs and current Director of the White House National Economic Council, and Christopher Liddell, Director of Strategic Initiatives in the White House and a former Microsoft Chief Financial Officer, are serving with reduced salaries of $30,000.President Trump donated his first quarter paycheck to the Dept. of Interior for construction and repair needs in military cemeteries.  Forbes",0
10487,“WITH ALL DUE RESPECT”: HHS Sec Tom Price Runs Circles Around NBC’s Chuck Todd [Video],"NBC s Chuck Todd was no match for the astute HHS Sec Tom Price in an interview today on the healthcare bill. Todd tried to get Price to badmouth Trump at the 6:45 point Not gonna happen!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIis3b-tMCUHealth & Human Services Secretary Tom Price joined NBC s Chuck Todd today to discuss healthcare but Todd tried to get Price to bad-mouth the president.Chuck Todd started out being combative on the healthcare bill and then moved on to bashing President Trump.Chuck Todd goes there:  Let me ask you about the tone of the president s tweets. Many Republicans in the Senate condemned the personal attack on Mika Brzezinski and attacking on her looks. You have Lindsey Graham saying it was  beneath the office.  Ben Sasse,  This isn t normal.  Jeff Flake,  Beneath the dignity of the presidency.  Susan Collins begging,  This has to stop.  Lisa Murkowski begging,  This has to stop.  Does his behavior bother you? HHS Sec Tom Price wasn t about to go there and handled the uncomfortable situation beautifully:  Well, what I m concentrated on is the job that he s given me. And that is to make certain that we fulfill the mission of the Department of Health and Human Services, which is to improve the health, safety, and well-being of the American people. And there are a whole array of activities that we re undertaking. One of them is this piece of legislation that s in the Senate right now. But my job is consumed by making certain that we fulfill the mission at the department. Todd follows up with this rude question:  I m just asking you as a father. If your son tweeted about a woman like that, what would you say to him? Price fired back:  Chuck, you know, this is really remarkable. You ve got incredible challenges across this nation, incredible challenges around the world. The challenge that I ve been given is to address the health care issues. And your program, a program with the incredible history of Meet the Press, and that s what you want to talk about? Let me suggest to you that the American people want to talk about the challenges. Chuck Todd then tried to twist and spin his way out of the corner he just painted himself into:  Mr. Secretary, with all due respect, you re blaming me for what the president of the United States has spent his entire week focused on? HAHA! CHUCK TODD STEPS IN IT WITH THAT COMMENT PRICE BURIES HIM WITH THIS LAST COMMENT: No, listen to me, with all due respect. The American people are concerned about a health care system that is not providing choices, where premiums are going up, where insurance companies are vacating markets all across this land. And that s what they want us to concentrate on. And that s what they want us to fix. And that s what I and the president are working on. BOOM! ",0
10488,MEDIA GOES NUTS After Trump Tweets HILARIOUS VIDEO Showing Him Body-Slamming CNN,"President Trump on Sunday tweeted a video of him body-slamming World Wrestling Entertainment Chairman Vince McMahon whose face was replaced by the CNN logo.The tweet, which said,  #FraudNewsCNN #FNN,  linked to a video of the president decking, pummeling and then shaving off McMahon s hair during a  Battle of the Billionaires  stunt at WrestleMania XXIII in 2007.#FraudNewsCNN #FNN pic.twitter.com/WYUnHjjUjg  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 2, 2017McMahon is the husband of Linda McMahon, who heads Trump s Small Business Administration.President Barack Obama hosted felon and radical organizer Bob Creamer (the guy who was caught on video talking about how he was organizing paid protesters to incite violence at Trump rallies) at the White House over 100 times while he was in office. After the undercover video was released that exposed the Democrats plan to incite violence against innocent Trump supporters, the media was silent. The media was also silent when it was discovered that Obama s Attorney General Eric Holder, used taxpayer funds to pay people to protest against George Zimmerman in the heated Trayvon Martin case, which was the birthplace of the violent Black Lives Matter movement. Those protests marked the first step in Obama s plan to divide America.In a statement on Twitter, CNN recalled comments from White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders last week that the president doesn t condone violence against the media. The President in no way form or fashion has ever promoted or encouraged violence. If anything, quite the contrary.    @SHSanders45 6/29/17,  the CNN tweet said.Bipartisan condemnation against the take-down video continued to build Sunday morning.GOP Rep. Eric Swalwell urged all Republicans to rebuke the Tweet or be complicit in its message. I am calling on EVERY @HouseGOP Member of Congress to condemn this. You were elected to be a check on power. Check it, or you condone it,  the California representative tweeted on Sunday.Minority House Leader Nancy Pelosi also blasted the tweet. Violence & violent imagery to bully the press must be rejected. This #July4th, celebrate freedom of the press, guardians to our democracy,  she wrote on Twitter.Paul Joseph Watson sums up the media hypocrisy beautifully with this one tweet:Trump is ""inciting violence"" with a wrestling meme, says same media that literally painted a crosshair target on Trump's head. pic.twitter.com/m8V8XjYHU0  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) July 2, 2017A Trump administration official said he doesn t view Trump s tweet as inciting violence against the media. Certainly not, though I think that no one would perceive that as a threat. I hope they don t. I do think that [Trump is] beaten up in a way on cable platforms that he has a right to respond to,  Homeland Security Adviser Tom Bossert said on ABC s  This Week. He said cable news shows are  not always very fair to the president,  who developed a social media platform to speak directly to the  American people. Trump is  the most genuine president and the most non-politician president we ve seen in my lifetime,  he said.Watch #FakeNewsCNN  experts  call Trump  Dangerous  and a  Fascist :The president was also the subject of bipartisan scorn last Thursday when he posted the  bleeding badly  tweet about Brzezinski, with many lawmakers saying it was beneath the dignity of the office.Trump defended his use of social media in a tweet on Saturday. My use of social media is not Presidential   it s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!,  he wrote. NYPNOTE TO CNN: Re-tweeting a video that s been around for years showing a fake body-slam by then businessman Trump is a far cry from promoting violence. If you were so concerned about violence, why didn t you do any stories on felon, husband of a United States Congresswoman and Democrat operative who was caught on tape planning to incite violence at Trump rallies before he even became our President? ",0
10489,THE KING OF “US vs THEM” POLITICS Claims Trump Has Divisive Policies: “Fight against the politics of ‘us and them’ [Video],"Obama urged Indonesians on Saturday to resist divisive politics based on race and religion It was REALLY just another swipe at Trump. He s done this fear mongering over and over before (see video below from 2016) and he s doing it again by taking a veiled swipe at President Trump during his visit to Indonesia: *FYI-He gave the same BS speech on 9/11, 1/13, 6/16, 11/16   ANOTHER FYI   This has been the mantra of the Obamas for years! Check out Monica Crowley s take below. She calls out these political grifters who always PROJECT wrongdoing on others. Aren t THEY the ones who are guilty of the very thing they re claiming someone else is doing?CHECK THIS TOTAL BS OUT: I love that for Barack, there is no such thing as  us  and  them    he doesn t care whether you re a Democrat, a Republican, or none of the above. He knows that we all love our country. And he s always ready to listen to good ideas. He s always looking for the very best in everyone he meets.    Michelle Obama The Guardian reported:The former US president said some countries had adopted  an aggressive kind of nationalism  and  increased resentment of minority groups , in a speech in Indonesia on Saturday that could be seen as a commentary on the US as well as Indonesia.Obama, who was on a personal visit to the country where he spent some of his childhood, said the Muslim community in Indonesia had historically protected Hindu and Buddhist temples. Indonesia is made of thousands of islands, hundreds of languages, scores of regions and ethnic groups. So my time here made me cherish and respect for people s differences,  he told a packed audience in Jakarta.Obama stopped short of mentioning any specific cases of racial or religious intolerance. It is very important here in Indonesia, the United States, Europe, everywhere, to fight against the politics of  us and them ,  he said to cheers from thousands of mostly Indonesians who have worked or studied abroad.He arrived in Jakarta after visiting the cultural city of Yogyakarta and white-water rafting on the tourist island of Bali. He also met Indonesian President Joko Widodo in Bogor, south of the capital.Indonesia, a country of 250 million people, has experienced rising intolerance against non-Muslims and the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community.A leader of Indonesia s second-largest Muslim organization this week called for a boycott of Starbucks, saying that the international coffee chain s pro-gay stand risks ruining the  religious and cultured  core of the country.MONICA CROWLEY CALLED THE OBAMAS OUT WHEN MICHELLE GAVE A SPEECH REFERRING TO BARACK S  US vs THEM  Mantra:Last night, Michelle Obama took the stage and delivered a speech meant to rally the Democratic faithful and to humanize her husband. After nearly four years of his presidency, it does seem odd that she still has to humanize him. That s usually something that more unknown challengers must do. But the perception of Obama as an aloof, distant, egotistical narcissist has been growing, so Michelle was dispatched to paint a warmer picture of him. If Team Obama is worried about THAT at this late hour as well as worrying about their base they know they re in trouble.For what it was, Michelle s speech was solid, and she certainly knows how to deliver. It was a home run, the same way Ann Romney s speech was a home run last week. But one short paragraph has become the definitive theme of the speech, because it rings so outrageously false. She said,  I love that for Barack, there is no such thing as  us  and  them    he doesn t care whether you re a Democrat, a Republican, or none of the above. He knows that we all love our country. And he s always ready to listen to good ideas. He s always looking for the very best in everyone he meets. The ONLY thing Obama has done since taking office is divide on the basis of  us  vs.  them.  He and his team have divided Americans by class (by incessantly slamming the  1%,   millionaires and billionaires,  commanding them to do their  fair share,  etc).He has divided by race (see Joe Biden s recent comment,  They re gonna put y all back in chains ).He has divided by age (attempting to scare seniors by falsely and dishonestly suggesting that the Republicans  Medicare reforms would toss grandma off the cliff, and by giving away the store to college kids on student loans).And he has divided by gender (ginning up a completely bogus GOP  war on women. )As far as Michelle s comment that Obama  doesn t care whether you re a Democrat, a Republican, or none of the above,  and  he s always ready to listen to good ideas ,  Obama hasn t met with the GOP in over a year, scolded them on Day One of his presidency with  I won,  told a Democrat who had voted against the stimulus,  Don t think we re not keeping score, brother,  and once referred to  punishing our enemies.  Not exactly the warm n  fuzzy Barack Michelle was desperately trying to paint.And as far as  listening to good ideas,  he blew off his own deficit reduction commission, Simpson-Bowles, as well as Paul Ryan s budget reform ideas and disregarded moderate Democrats  ideas to carry out health reform more slowly and with GOP buy-in (see: defeated Arkansas Senator Blanche Lincoln and her pleas to Obama, which fell on deaf ears).So: Michelle can try all she wants to resurrect Obama s 2004 image of a guy who said  there s not a red America or a blue America,  and she and other Democrats can try to invoke his 2008 image of the transcendent guy sitting above petty politicking and business-as-usual. But after nearly four years of division, distraction, and destruction, not many people are buying that sales pitch anymore. It s old, it s tired, and like his radical redistributionism, it s done.",0
10490,"“HARRY, HARRY!” Crowd Yells Military Hero’s Name During President Trump’s Incredible Speech to Veterans [Video]","President Trump spoke at the first ever Celebrate Freedom Rally last night delivering a barn burner of a speech to veterans and wounded warriors from Walter Reid Hospital. It was one of the best  red meat  speeches our President has ever delivered. We think you ll enjoy it Go to the 21:45 point for the amazing story of Harry F. Miller:Harry lied about his age to join the American forces. He was just 15 when he joined the US military during World War II. Harry was a US hero at The Battle of the Bulge!Harry s story:During the battle, the 1st Army Headquarters instructed the tank crews to go down to an ordnance depot and take whatever they needed for the tanks.  We had to take good parts off of one tank and put it on another. We finally got three tanks and a tank destroyer that would operate and run, and had a gun,  he said in an interview with VA. They took the three working tanks and sent them to their C Company. Those three tanks ended up taking out three German tanks, which ended up being members of the 1st SS Panzer Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitlerbeing, Hitler s old body guards.",0
10491,UNREAL! SHEILA JACKSON LEE DEMANDS THAT TRUMP RESIGN: Goes At It With Neil Cavuto: “You’ve come to the conclusion he’s guilty as sin” [Video],"Neil Cavuto faced off with Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee over her call for President Trump to resign after his tweets attacking Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough: Enough is ENOUGH! @realDonaldTrump you need to resign!  This woman is just hateful! She claims to know Trump is  unhappy GMAFB!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKPPzMPRrNYThis woman is a perfect example of the SWAMP in DC. She needs to go! She s mooched off of the American people for way too long and is a hateful racist!She says in the video above that she s gone through impeachments before, but said,  We can t wait that long. It is time for you to resign. Enough is enough. I love America. I love these people. And we need a Commander-in-Chief. Cavuto confronted her about this and brought up the  coarse  language from presidents past. She argued that he is  incompatible  with the office, and in addition to issues like Russia and James Comey, his  continuous assault on women  only adds to it.She called Trump  ill-suited  for the office, and when Cavuto pressed her further by saying  let the American people decide,  the congresswoman responded by pointing to the President s low poll numbers.Jackson said she s  going by his behavior  in decrying his unfitness for office and Cavuto shot back by saying she just doesn t like him.They kept going back and forth, including on the question of the 25th amendment, and Cavuto asked her if she should be waiting for more evidence of something actionable.Jackson Lee said impeachment is a separate matter, telling Cavuto,  I hope he does the right thing and resigns. And yes, she is completely standing by this: I will not back down. The President has lost the trust of the American people and needs to resign. WWE KNOW THIS WOMAN HAS A LONG HISTORY OF BULLYING PEOPLE. PLEASE WATCH THE VIDEO BELOW OF AN EXCHANGE WITH MICK MULVANEY   HE GETS INTO IT WITH HER:Mick Mulvaney is one smart cookie. He s doing a fantastic job cutting where cuts need to be made. Congress will complain about ANY cut to their voter base s favorite item. Listen to the grandstanding from Jackson-Lee on cuts to medicaid:  They are begging for their medicaid The Grandstanding is so sickening!It went downhill from there. Jackson-Lee wanted to try and make Mulvaney out to be an uncaring guy. She s a total bully!HE S ONE SMART COOKE! MULVANEY JUST GAVE DETAILS OF THE BUDGET CUTS IN A FANTASTIC PRESS CONFERENCE. WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE ENTIRE VIDEO BELOW: Office of Management and Budgets (OMB) Director Mick Mulvaney outlines the structure, intents and purposes of the Trump administration Fiscal Year 2018 Budget    The Taxpayers Budget The best part of this great news conference is when a reporter asks about cuts to  climate science programs : At the 17:00 mark Mick Mulvaney rips into the reporter and it s just awesome!We recommend the entire video because you ll see Trump hired one smart cookie! Mick Mulvaney knows the budget and handles the press beautifully!",0
10492,Young Girl Attacked on Social Media For Cleaning Graffiti From Trump’s Star,"As a college student, I know first-hand how quick liberals are to attack someone for expressing a political opinion that is different from their own. This is another one of the many examples of the hate young conservatives endure for simply doing what they believe is right.A Twitter user out of Wyoming with the handle  makenna_mg  posted the pictures on Wednesday and they proceeded to go mega-viral.Makenna, a girl from Wyoming posted pictures of herself cleaning graffiti off of Trump s star and was subsequently berated for her respect for the President. I m guessing her looks were also triggering to some of the angry girlsStopped to clean @realDonaldTrump Hollywood Star. Nothing but respect for MY President. #RaisedRight pic.twitter.com/jL4sqx4rlh  Makenna (@makenna_mg) June 28, 2017Trump-haters responded by attacking her as a  dumb white b*tch  and saying they want to violently attack every  white girl  that  looks slightly like  her. Politics aside it's sad that our country criticizes and taunts a young lady who did what she thought was right. @makenna_mg I'm proud of you  Paul Miller III (@pdmiller307) June 30, 2017Mike Cernovich nailed it:Two Americas   which will you choose? pic.twitter.com/5UkmN15XOS  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) July 1, 2017 ",0
10493,WOW! MSNBC’S MIKA Won’t Be Too Happy About This Instagram Photo…MAGA!,"Emilie Hoffer is Mika Brzezinski s daughter! She s on Instagram so when you check out her photos there, you ll find Emilie sporting a Make America Great Again Trump hat! Haha! Instagram comments were supportive of  the MAGA hat:  Looking good in the #MAGA hat. Mom might not be too happy though.. Too bad!   love that hat! ur mom not so much. at 1east she did one thing right in life and raised you Right.    OUCH Hour one of the MSNBC morning show began typically enough with Mika and Joe. The assembled gang could barely contain their glee at the prospect of damning testimony from James Comey. That all set the stage for a typical Mika Brzezinski tirade that was honestly one of the most disgusting assaults on President Trump yet. It s unhinged hate!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZoUCHs22AwIN CASE YOU DIDN T KNOW, THERE S NO LOVE LOST BETWEEN TRUMP AND MIKA   CHECK OUT THE LATEST RANT FROM EMILIE S MOTHER: I think Trump is such a narcissist, it s possible he is mentally ill in a way and this is on the table, I said it months ago and now everyone is starting to say it like it s new, and it s ok to say. He s not well,  she said.  At the very least, he s not well. And he s so narcissistic he does not believe the rules apply to him, and that s where the ignorance label may apply because this is a man who says he can grab women anywhere because he s famous. Then something very curious happened.Scarborough looked off camera and can be heard saying,  What s that? Wow,  Then Willie Geist showed him something and the two started laughing. Then a clearly not listening Scarborough, banged the table. Stop right there,  he laughed  I need an eject button. He posted it?  Scarborough appeared to ask someone else?Brzezinski finally realized that nobody was listening to her and demanded an explanation. Nothing I have said is crazy,  she said. We ll talk about it in the break,  said Scarborough barely able to get it out through his own laugher.The show soon went to break. When it returned Scarborough joked about  keeping it in the guard rails. Brzezinski appeared to offer an explanation of her actions.  I am keeping it in the guard rails. Everything I ve said you all have thought and you know and you ve said in your own way. You re going to talk to me about a filter?  she snapped at Scarborough. Yes,  he said.",0
10494,NUMEROUS PUBLIC Rapes Of Teenage Girls Reported At Swedish Music Festivals: “Rapes at Swedish festivals are not really news anymore”,"Last year, we reported about women who attended an  anti-racism  music festival in Sweden that were raped and molested by migrant men. This report is yet another shocking example of how the west is actually importing a real rape culture.According to police spokesman Stefan Dangardt, numerous  foreign men  sexually assaulted the women during Borl nge s  Peace and Love  festival, although three suspects who were arrested were later released because they claimed they were minors.It appears that nothing has changed since last year. Yesterday, Swedish police received several reports of rape after   music festivals at various locations on Friday evening.A 15-year-old girl was raped during a concert at the Br valla Festival in Norrk ping on Friday night.According to the police, the girl was held and raped by a man in the midst of the crowd in front of the concert goers, without anyone intervening.  It s terrible that one has to experience such a thing with a lot of people around, says police spokesman, Thomas Agnevik, to Aftonbladet.We have little information about the perpetrator and about what has happened, he said, while encouraging those present during the concert to contact the police if they saw anything suspicious.The girl was taken care of and underwent a medical examination.During the City Festival in V ster s, two rapes were reported, one of a 16 year old girl.  We have talked to her and obtained information, but we currently have no suspects, said spokesperson for the police in V stmanland, Thomas Gustafsson.A 26-year-old woman has also reported rape after the festival.  She has been sent to hospital and we have been unable to talk to her. Therefore, I do not have any more details, says Gustafsson.Rapes at Swedish festivals are not really news anymore. It is merely about announcements. We are actually there now.  Speisa",0
10495,ERIC HOLDER Encourages DOJ To Keep Attacking Trump…STUNNING List Of Holder Scandals Reveals Why Trump Needs To Drain Obama’s Corrupt DOJ Swamp,"The most corrupt Attorney General in the history of the United States is allegedly thinking of throwing his hat into the ring as a Democrat contender in the 2020 Presidential race. What better way to invigorate crooked Democrats than to call on the very people who had his back at the DOJ to keep attacking President Trump?Former Attorney General Eric Holder spoke in Los Angeles last week to promote a bill that some observers say would make California a  sanctuary state,  an appearance that he says is the start of a new phase of his career in which he plans to reenter the world of politics. Up to now, I have been more behind-the-scenes,  Holder told Yahoo News in a new interview published Tuesday, describing his plans.  But that s about to change. Holder, who served as former President Barack Obama s first attorney general, indicated that his goal is to head the legal resistance to President Donald Trump s agenda. But that may just be the tip of the iceberg.Three sources who have spoken to Holder and are familiar with his thinking told Yahoo that he may consider challenging Trump in 2020 for the White House. Now is the time to be more visible,  Holder said.  Now is the time to be heard. Holder made his voice heard on Twitter yesterday, as he called on the DOJ and FBI to keep up their attacks on President Trump:To the career men & women at DOJ/FBI: your actions and integrity will be unfairly questioned. Be prepared, be strong. Duty. Honor. Country.  Eric Holder (@EricHolder) June 30, 2017Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton whose legal group has helped to expose numerous Holder scandals had this to say about Eric Holder s tweet:Obama's first corrupt AG encourages continued Deep State attacks on @realDonaldTrump. https://t.co/9dacBFmdZd  Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) July 1, 2017Eric Holder s scandalsContempt of Congress   On June 28, 2012, Eric Holder became the first and only US Attorney General in American history to be held in Contempt of Congress on both civil and criminal grounds. The US House vote was 255-67, with Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) and 16 other Democrats walking out in protest and refusing to vote. President Obama called the action  politically motivated  and cited Executive Privilege for refusing to remove his own Attorney General. It then fell on Eric Holder s own Justice Dept to prosecute him, which it declined to do.Black Power   Eric Holder s earliest scandal dates back to his college days at Columbia. There, he was campus leader of a black power organization and a public supporter of the Black Panther Party. He organized sit-ins at the school demanding that the ROTC office be officially renamed in honor of Malcolm X.Fort Hood cover-up   After the 2009 Fort Hood massacre by US Army Major Nidal Hasan which took 13 lives, the Justice Dept report on the incident refused to mention Hasan s extreme Islamic beliefs and instead ruled the mass shooting a workplace incident, not an act of terror.Spying on Associated Press   The Justice Dept was caught spying on Associated Press by collecting months worth of phone records at the news wire, as well as the home phones of reporters and editors. The telephone records the DoJ secretly investigated included the phones at the AP s offices in Washington DC, New York, Hartford, and even the AP s phone inside the US House of Representatives.Spying on Fox News   The DoJ monitored the personal email and phone of a Fox News reporter, as well as the Fox News phones in New York and Washington. The Justice Dept said the news outlet had temporarily lost its press freedom when its reporter received classified information from a CIA whistleblower.War on Gun Owners   AG Holder has said that his interpretation of the US Constitution is that the Second Amendment guaranteeing the right to keep and bear arms only applies to the Militia. And to him, the Militia is the modern day National Guard and Reserves. Researchers have pointed out that in every instance where state and local authorities have sought the legal advice from the DoJ on proposed gun control laws, the Justice Dept has approved every single one.Protecting Black Power and Voter Intimidation   On Election Day in 2008, the New Black Panther Party had set up at Philadelphia polling places, threatening white voters, hurling racial slurs and stopping white voters from voting. The tactics were caught on video and the assailants were identified. After a national outrage, the DoJ refused to take action on either the hate crimes or the Voting Rights violations.Stimulus Program   Out of President Obama s $800 billion 2009  Stimulus Program , AG Holder was handed $1 billion of the money to be handed out to local law enforcement officials across the country. Most of the stimulus money turned out to be used as kick-backs to Obama campaign contributors, including Eric Holder who himself was a top campaign bundler for the 2008 Obama campaign.Foreigners voting in US Elections   Through his entire tenure, the Attorney General has steadfastly insisted that voters not be required to prove their identity when casting a ballot. The AG publicly touts that his DoJ has challenged two dozen state laws and Governor s executive orders requiring voters to show an official ID before voting.Foreign Terrorists have Rights   The DoJ declared that foreign terrorists captured almost anywhere other than a military battlefield were entitled to the same civil rights as US citizens.Buying the Justice Dept   In his book  Extortion , author Peter Schweizer details how President Obama chose the people who would head his Justice Dept   he sold the positions.  When President Obama established his Justice Department staff after the 2008 election, something unprecedented happened,  Schweizer writes,  For the first time, at least half a dozen senior positions were occupied by individuals who had been campaign bundlers (fund raisers) for a presidential candidate, including not only Attorney General Eric Holder but also senior officials who dealt with criminal and civil prosecutions.  Those high level Justice Dept appointees who are accused of buying their jobs are,  Associate Attorney General Thomas Perrelli, Deputy Associate Attorney General Karol Mason, and Associate Attorney General Tony West. Stealing 1,000,000 American Homes   Immediately after the housing collapse of 2007 and the economic collapse of 2008, America s largest mortgage lenders began criminally foreclosing on hundreds of thousands of American families without cause and using  robo-signing machines . Most didn t even have mortgages, much less with those banks. Sheriff s across the country removed a half million American families at gun point for no legitimate reason, only because banks had fraudulently filed foreclosure papers. The number of victims was so large, the DoJ cut off new claimants in 2012 when the number of properties stolen by six Wall Street banks hit 750,000. Since then, hundreds of thousands more families have been refused any justice or reimbursement at all by AG Holder. And for the 750,000 families the Justice Dept sued the banks for and settled with, the banks were ordered to pay each family an average of $2,000 each   $2,000 as total reimbursement for a $100,000 home criminally stolen, and all the furniture and possessions inside when the bank and police forced the families into the street. The settlement negotiated by the Justice Dept also bars the victims from ever suing the banks to get their money back. The five banks that stole one million American homes and businesses and were protected by AG Holder and the DoJ were Bank of America, Wells Fargo, JP Morgan Chase, Citigroup, and Ally Financial.Prosecuting Journalists   When Anonymous hackers leaked documents from Defense Dept contractors showing that the corporation had a program to spy on the American people inside and outside their homes, a number of news outlets covered the story. Three, including the New York Times, The Guardian and ProPublica, along with a handful of freelance journalists, included links to the leaked material online where it was posted by Anonymous for the whole world to see. The DoJ arrested and prosecuted one freelance reporter, charging him with 17 different criminal counts, all because he included the same website link that the other publications published for their readers.Protecting UBS Bank   When the DoJ was forced to sue UBS bank for defrauding its customers, AG Holder had to recuse himself because UBS was his former client when he worked at a Washington law firm.Protecting Illegal Immigrants   In 2010, the Arizona Legislature passed a law giving its State Police the authority to check the immigration status of anyone police suspected of being here illegally. The DoJ sued the state of Arizona to overturn the law, insisting it was the DoJ s privilege to enforce the country s immigration laws, not the states.Jon Corzine and MF Global Connection   Former Democratic New Jersey US Senator Jon Corzine left office to lead the financial firm MF Global, where he stole, pocketed or gambled away $1.6 billion he authorized taking from customers  bank accounts. The bank s law firm at the time was Covington & Burlington. Both AG Holder and Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer were recent employees of that firm. The DoJ chose Associate Attorney General Tony West to prosecute Corzine and MF Global. West came from the firm Morrison & Foerester, which was handling MF Global s assets at the time.DoJ Hiring Discrimination   In 2011, documents were revealed showing that AG Holder and the Justice Dept s Civil Rights Division used political litmus tests to hire employees. After President Obama s election in 2008, Holder publicly announced that the Justice Department was  going to be looking for people who share our values. FBI Assassination Plot of Occupy Wall St leaders   In 2011, two separate FBI offices   Houston and Jacksonville   published internal memos detailing a proposal to identify, photograph and assassinate Occupy Wall Street leaders using snipers. MIT students sued for the details and won. But the DoJ only turned over partial excerpts of 5 of the 17 known FBI documents on the secret project. AG Holder has refused to release the remaining documents or explain the secret assassination program at all.Lying to Congress   In 2011, the DoJ admitted to providing false testimony to Congress in their investigation of the Justice Dept and Fast and Furious.Assassinating American Citizens   With the targeted killing of Americans beginning in 2011, President Obama became the first President to order the death of an American citizen without charge, trial or conviction. He went on to assassinate an American child using the same secret targeted killing program. AG Holder not only publicly approved the President s legal authority, but personally endorsed it.Fast and Furious   In 2012, the US House voted AG Eric Holder in Contempt of Congress for refusing to turn over thousands of documents exposing the true account of the DoJ s secret gun trafficking operation which supplied over 2,000 military weapons to Mexican drug cartels. The gun-running operation began in 2009 and was run out of the Phoenix US Attorney s office along with the BATF.Protecting Mexican Drug Lords   In 2012, national media outlets confirmed that the drug lord and prime target of the DoJ s secret Fast and Furious operation, Manuel Celis-Acosta, was actually taken into custody by the Justice Dept twice during the program. But both times the DoJ released him without charges.Anti-white prosecutions   In 2013, when the violent  knockout game  trend was circulating social media, the DoJ got involved and prosecuted a perpetrator for hate crimes. But while the dozens of videoed attackers were all black and admitted targeting white victims, AG Holder found the only known white perpetrator and charged him instead.Too Big to Jail   In 2013, AG Holder testified before Congress answering America s question of why not a single banker went to jail for the criminal activity that led to the global economic collapse in 2008. He explained that Wall Street financial institutions had become too big and too important. He freely admitted that the Justice Department had its hands tied and couldn t prosecute any of the banks for fear that it would lead to their collapse and that would lead to another global financial crash.Spying on Americans   In 2012, two US Senators warned the American people that they d be horrified if they knew how President Obama and AG Holder were interpreting and executing the Patriot Act. Forbidden by law from telling America themselves, the US Senators called on the AG to declassify the DoJ s interpretation of the counter-terrorism law. AG Holder refused. The ACLU sued and the Supreme Court agreed. The DoJ still refuses.Protecting Senators Reid and Lee   In 2012, the DoJ announced it would not get involved in a criminal investigation of US Senators Harry Reid and Mike Lee. In a multi-state criminal scandal that already forced the Utah Attorney General to resign, local Republican and Democrat District Attorneys asked the DoJ for help because the two accused criminals are US Senators. AG Eric Holder refused. After ABC News broke the story, one outlet described the criminal accusations against Senators Reid and Lee as,  a massive crime ring that involves gambling, bribery, kickbacks and influence peddling. Protecting the Director of the Office of National Intelligence   In 2013, ODNI Director James Clapper testified to Congress that the NSA isn t collecting massive amounts of intelligence on all Americans as Edward Snowden s leaks revealed. He later admitted that his testimony was a lie, but that in the interest of national security, he was above the law and not answerable to Congress. A number of Congressmen called on AG Holder to charge Clapper with Contempt of Congress. Eric Holder refused.War on Medical Marijuana Patients   Even though medical marijuana is legal on the state, county and local level in 23 states and DC, the DoJ has led hundreds of military-style raids on legal medical marijuana pharmacies across the country. Rather than target drug cartels and illegal drug dealers, the DoJ has violently arrested hundreds of cancer victims, AIDS patients, dying senior citizens and war wounded.",0
10496,“We are progressive”: Activist Defends $190K Payout To Illegal Alien By Taxpayers For Being Turned Over To ICE [Video],"Immigration advocate Roberto Hernandez joined Tucker Carlson to debate the controversial payout of $190K to an illegal for being turned over to ICE. You won t believe the reasoning! This is insane!An illegal immigrant is set to be awarded $190,000 from San Francisco after police turned him over to immigration authorities, which is a violation of the city s sanctuary policy. Pedro Figueroa-Zarceno, who is from El Salvador and was living in the U.S. illegally, walked into a police station on December 2, 2015, to recover his stolen car. When he left the station, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) immediately took him into custody. Figueroa-Zarceno recently reached the massive settlement agreement with the city attorney s office. The agreement must be approved by the city s Board of Supervisors.Tucker argued it s  insane  that the city is paying Hernandez because they actually enforced U.S. federal immigration law.  You shouldn t pay a criminal for breaking the law,  Tucker said.Hernandez said that San Francisco has a sanctuary policy because citizens and city leaders believe that the federal government s immigration policy has failed.  In San Francisco, we are different. We are progressive. We think different. We re leaders when it comes to being humanitarians,  Hernandez said.Tucker asked why San Francisco is willing to ignore federal law, but only for illegal immigrants.  If I m wanted for tax evasion in another state and the San Francisco police turn me over to the feds, why shouldn t I be able to sue the city of San Francisco for cooperating with the federal authorities? ",0
10497,MSNBC “Equal Rights” Lawyer: Trump Women “Have Smaller Minds than his Small Hands” [Video],"Tamara Holder was a guest on Joy Reid s MSNBC show this morning and mocked the women in President Trump s life. Ironically, Holder was billed as an  equal rights attorney and advocate . Here she is mocking the women in Donald Trump s life BUT she claims to be an advocate for  equal rights .Holder was peeved that women surrounding Trump had failed to condemn him over his tweets directed at Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough: I think the women in Donald Trump s life probably have smaller minds than his small hands . . . he has continued to surround himself, Donald Trump, with very, very, weak-minded women, who are afraid of him. Holder had mentioned Sarah Huckabee Sanders, Kellyanne Conway, and First Lady Melania Trump in her earlier comments.Small minds? Weak-minded? Afraid? Holder s comments are laughable at best but only prove the nastiness and double standard of the left. Has Tamara Holder ever been in a toe-to-toe conversation or debate with any of these women? Nope!We would love, love, love to see Holder go toe-to-toe with any of these strong women!",0
10498,FOX LEGAL EXPERT: Susan Rice Committed 3 Crimes…“Better Get Herself a Good Criminal Defense Attorney” [Video],"FOX News Legal Expert Gregg Jarrett dropped a bomb on Susan Rice when he said she likely committed three crimes. Jarrett was on with Sara Carter of Circa News when he made the claim of criminal behavior by Rice.Gregg Jarrett: Susan Rice, whose got a lot to answer for. She is sort of the Queen of the False Narrative which is a polite way of saying  lie.  She not only lied about the Benghazi case and Bowe Bergdahl but then she hauls off and tells Judy Woodruff,  I don t know anything about incidental collection  and then when she gets caught red-handed she says,  OK, I knew all about it, but I never asked for the unmasking on Trump Transition officials.  Well now the NSC has the goods on her and that appears to be a lie as well. So she may have actually committed three potential crimes here. One, it s a crime to lie about your masking request. Two, it s a crime for you to use your office for political purpose. Three, it s a crime to leak unmasked details. She better get herself a good criminal defense attorney.OUR LATEST REPORT ON SUSAN RICE WHO JUST CAN T FIGURE OUT WHY SHE S BEING TARGETED: Susan Rice, the Obama national security adviser under fire over her alleged involvement in the  unmasking  of Trump associates during the 2016 presidential election, suggested in a fresh interview that race and gender might be playing a role in the scrutiny she s faced. PLEASE NOTE OUR PREVIOUS REPORT BELOW ON THE RADICAL PAST AND RACISM OF SUSAN RICE. The nerve of this woman who went on 5 morning shows after Benghazi and LIED to the American people! In an interview with journalist Michael Tomasky for New York Magazine, Rice reportedly questioned the criticism she s faced dating back to the Benghazi controversy. Why me? Why not Jay Carney, for example, who was then our press secretary, who stood up more?  she asked.Tomasky noted in the piece that Carney  isn t an African-American woman, of course  and apparently asked Rice whether that is the key factor. Rice, in response, left the door open: I don t know  I do not leap to the simple explanation that it s only about race and gender. I m trying to keep my theories to myself until I m ready to come out with them. It s not because I don t have any. But Rice mentioned other prominent female figures   like Hillary Clinton and Condoleezza Rice   who faced  ad hominem  attacks, suggesting a correlation.Asked about the comments, a Republican Capitol Hill source pushed back.  This is screaming out for attention  She s saying I don t know why they all started picking on me to begin with. As to the suggestion of race and gender being a factor, the source countered, then  why would there be a subpoena for a white male? That was a reference to the fact that Rice is not the only focus of the congressional probe into unmasking. Investigators have issued subpoenas to three different agencies: NSA, CIA and FBI.Playing the victim is the usual tactic of leftists like Susan Rice she was a college radical before she cleaned up her resume and put on a business suit:RACIST VICTIM SUSAN RICE HAD A STRING OF FAILURES IN AFRICA BEFORE BENGHAZI   HER RACIST CLAIM THAT NATIONAL SECURITY ISN T DIVERSE ENOUGH SO NOT AS EFFECTIVE CAUSED A FIRESTORM:From 1995 to 1997, Rice served as Special Assistant to President Bill Clinton and senior director for African Affairs at the NSC at the White House.The Daily Caller:  U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice, reportedly the leading contender to be President Barack Obama s next national security adviser, failed during the 1990s to prevent unnecessary deaths in Rwanda, provide adequate security prior to the bombings of the embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, or deal effectively with Robert Mugabe s dictatorship in Zimbabwe.A former State Department military adviser to Africa thought Rice s  inexperience  caused President Bill Clinton s feckless response to the Rwandan genocide when she served as National Security Council director for International Organizations and Peacekeeping. And documents sent to The Daily Caller from the National Legal and Policy Center show Rice failed to take seriously repeated Islamist threats against the U.S. embassies in the prelude to deadly bomb attacks. This woman has ZERO credibility and is a true racist who would be tossed out of her job if she were white and said government was too black. Furthermore, she s giving a commencement speech and she s politicizing it!SUSAN RICE FELT STUDENTS SHOULD BE REQUIRED TO TAKE BLACK HISTORY: In a 1986 book by U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice, the future diplomat argued for the aggressive inclusion of a black history curriculum in American schools, claiming that its omission had  crippling effects  by  providing a child with no more than   a white interpretation of reality. She s yet another one of Obama s minions with a radical racist past who s pushing the Obama agenda of a  fundamental transformation . Rice attended Stanford University and was a black radical back in the day is anyone surprised by this? Probably not In a White House often accused of being stacked with loyalists, President Obama s national security adviser said Wednesday there are too many white people in key government posts, endangering national security because they think alike.Speaking at Florida International University s commencement, Susan E. Rice, who is black, said a diversified government workforce is more likely to yield  better outcomes  than a predominantly white one.Referring to criticism that the U.S. national security workforce is  white, male and Yale,  Ms. Rice told the graduates,  In the halls of power, in the faces of our national security leaders, America is still not fully reflected. By now, we should all know the dangers of  groupthink,  where folks who are alike often think alike,  she said.  By contrast, groups comprised of different people tend to question one another s assumptions, draw on divergent perspectives and experiences, and yield better outcomes. Her comments were reminiscent of Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who said in a speech in 2001, before Mr. Obama appointed her to the high court,  I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life. Ms. Rice elaborated in her speech on how having more minorities in the national security field would better protect the homeland.Read more: WT Read more: FOX News",0
10499,WATCH: MSNBC’S HATE-FILLED LIBERAL Host Chris Matthews Makes Joke About President Trump Assassinating His Son-In-Law…No Media Outrage,"RCP   In just a few minutes on Thursday s edition of  Hardball  on MSNBC, host Chris Matthews compared President Trump and his family to Saddam Hussein and his sons, the Ethiopian dictator Mengistu Haile Mariam, Italian fascist Benito Mussolini, and the deposed Russian royal family, the Romanovs.Here s a portion of the transcript:MATTHEWS: Is it a royal family instead of a Democratic or a Republican form of government? Or is it a family running the government? Is it Ivanka and Jared and the President sitting around in the White House upstairs ruling the world?ASHLEY PARKER: I don t think it s quite that but I think it is run like a family business. The president and his aides see it publicly and privately and the President s family, his children, especially his daughter Ivanka and, you know, Jared Kushner, they operate with a degree of impunity that does not exist for these other aides. So, if you look at just Jared and Tillerson, Jared basically emerged as a shadow Secretary of State. You mentioned peace in the Middle East. His portfolio includes not only that, it includes China, it includes Mexico, it includes Canada and that s just on the foreign policy front. So, if you re the secretary of state, ambassadors and leaders of foreign nations know that they can directly go to the President s son-in-law and have his ear that deeply undermines you and makes it really difficult for you to do your job.MATTHEWS: And then you find out in all these investigations that Jared was opening up a tunnel to Moscow so he wouldn t have to deal with the State Department. So the son-in-law   you know, one good thing Mussolini did was execute his son-in-law. I mean, I m talking about CianoFRANK BRUNI: Let s be careful here, yeah.Much like the vile and repulsive comments made by other leftists in the media or in Hollywood, Matthews disgusting remarks will be completely ignored by the media, as this type of hateful rhetoric has been deemed perfectly acceptable by their peers, as long as the hate is directed at President Trump, his family or his supporters, everything is fair game ",0
10500,PRO-TRUMP CHICAGOANS HIT BACK: Use ‘Real Fake’ Sculpture in Front of Trump Tower as a Monument to CNN,"Pro Trump Chicagoans decided to hit back after the city used taxpayer dollars to put a sculpture that says  Real Fake  in Front of Trump Tower. They added a little CNN to it .@CNN is so fake that Chicagoans are leaving the CNN logo on the #RealFake sculpture meant to attack Trump! #Backfire Cc RebelPundit pic.twitter.com/uUufNh0qwo  Andrew Marcus (@ImAndrewMarcus) June 30, 2017Here s the background on this use of public money (Chicago is broke) to make a political statement: The Windy City is under fire for turning public art into a political message using taxpayer dollars! The BROKE City of Chicago installed a golden sculpture that spells out  Real Fake  right smack in front of Trump International Hotel and Tower in the city s downtown area. So the city spent money they don t have to slam President Trump? No wonder people are leaving the city in droves Filmmaker @ImAndrewMarcus (me) reacts to #RealFake sculpture that #RealBroke Chicago PAID to install outside Trump tower. #RealDumb pic.twitter.com/2ap792wxF0  Andrew Marcus (@ImAndrewMarcus) June 30, 2017  Any questions about the artist s intention or the artwork s background should be directed to the artist s gallery Kavi Gupta,  wrote Christine Carrino, the communications director for the Chicago Department of Cultural Affairs and Special Events. The statue is bolted into a large public sidewalk space in front of Trump Tower, an area that over the past year has been commonly used for Trump protesters who gather to demonstrate and for tourists and supporters who want a picture in front of the glistening blue sky scraper. Art at its best makes a statement. And this piece certainly makes a real statement.    Spokesperson for Chicago Mayor Rahm EmanuelCarrino did not respond to questions about the placement of the sculpture. The Chicago Tribune reports in an article that Carrino said the artwork is up for  interpretation. Yes, we ve interpreted it alright. Does the city of Chicago want to lose even more money if tourists boycott the already broke city? Americans who voted for Trump might just have to do that Read more:  FOX News",0
10501,THE LOST VIDEO: Watch MSNBC’S Mika Shamelessly Flirt With Donald Trump [VIDEO],"With all the anger and nasty comments coming from Mika and Joe of MSNBC, the video below makes you wonder if the nasty Mika is just an act Ya think? These two media wh*res couldn t be happier that now they re in the spotlight.The change has been huge Mika has called President Trump every nasty thing in the book:Hour one of the MSNBC morning show began typically enough with Mika and Joe. The assembled gang could barely contain their glee at the prospect of damning testimony from James Comey. That all set the stage for a typical Mika Brzezinski tirade that was honestly one of the most disgusting assaults on President Trump yet. It s unhinged hate!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZoUCHs22Aw I think Trump is such a narcissist, it s possible he is mentally ill in a way and this is on the table, I said it months ago and now everyone is starting to say it like it s new, and it s ok to say. He s not well,  she said.  At the very least, he s not well. And he s so narcissistic he does not believe the rules apply to him, and that s where the ignorance label may apply because this is a man who says he can grab women anywhere because he s famous. Then something very curious happened.Scarborough looked off camera and can be heard saying,  What s that? Wow,  Then Willie Geist showed him something and the two started laughing. Then a clearly not listening Scarborough, banged the table. Stop right there,  he laughed  I need an eject button. He posted it?  Scarborough appeared to ask someone else?Brzezinski finally realized that nobody was listening to her and demanded an explanation. Nothing I have said is crazy,  she said. We ll talk about it in the break,  said Scarborough barely able to get it out through his own laugher.The show soon went to break. When it returned Scarborough joked about  keeping it in the guard rails. Brzezinski appeared to offer an explanation of her actions.  I am keeping it in the guard rails. Everything I ve said you all have thought and you know and you ve said in your own way. You re going to talk to me about a filter?  she snapped at Scarborough.",0
10502,NANCY PELOSI Confused About Time: “Is it afternoon?” and Forgets What She Said Minutes Before…Term Limits Now! [Video],"Nancy Pelosi had another strange moment during her weekly press conference as she was confused about what time of day it was, struggled to recall her latest accusations against Russia just six minutes later, and again awkwardly stopped speaking mid-sentence and stared at reporters before resuming Classic Pelosi As Pelosi approached the podium on Thursday, she muttered to herself on the hot mic,  It s afternoon. It is afternoon. Good afternoon everyone. She then immediately got confused about what time of day it was. Thank you for being here. I m honored this morning, or now afternoon  she said. She went on to refer to her Democratic colleague as the  chairman  of a committee, before correcting herself and calling him the  ranking member. Going off script proved to be a disaster.While denouncing Republican attempts to replace Obamacare, Pelosi said,  And what does that mean? Higher costs, fewer benefits, uh, terrible age tax undermining Medicare, uh, uh, stealing from Medicare and Maid-icaid, as I should have said,  mispronouncing the word.A statement about Medicaid left the listener to wonder what other things Pelosi thinks are covered by the program. As they do this, they re making an assault on Medicaid, which is, again, very dangerous to children and other living ch  things,  she said.  AND OTHER LIVING THINGS ? HAHA! Pelosi then criticized Republicans on the  hacking  by Russia:  They hacked our democracy. Twenty-one state, local election systems were per  penetrated. Six minutes later, she struggled to remember the accusation Oy vey! We re finding out things that we didn t even know before. For example, was it  how many states have been compromised in all of this? Twenty-one,  Thompson muttered under his breath.Pelosi muttered Twenty-one. Twenty  twenty-one states ALL WE CAN SAY ABOUT THIS IS TERM LIMITS NOW!READ MORE: AMERICAN MIRROR",0
10503,MARK LEVIN Destroys Joe Scarborough…Defends Trump In Epic Rant [Video],"Conservative talk show host Mark Levin shredded Joe Scarborough and the media in defense of President Trump as he pointed out that respect is a two-way street.Levin, author of the book  Rediscovering Americanism: And the Tyranny of Progressivism,  said a  man s man  like Trump can only take so much before he s  gonna stand up,  as he spoke with Fox News  Sean Hannity on the controversy over the president s tweets about MSNBC s  Morning Joe  and its co-host Mika Brzezinski You attack a man repeatedly who s a proud man, who s an accomplished man, who is a man s man. You attack him personally. You attack him for his looks. You attack him for his genitalia. And at some point, a man s gonna stand up,  Levin said on  Hannity  Thursday. You want him to act presidential? Then you have respect for the office of the president,  he added.While Levin understood the outrage, he admitted his only objection to the tweet was because it  jacked up the ratings  for MSNBC.Levin thinks the meltdown by the left reveals a deeper issue: You know, it s nice to know where the liberals finally draw the line on this tweet by this president,  Levin told Hannity, pointing out that liberals were not bothered by former President Clinton, who  was accused of rape and molesting and sexually attacking women in the Oval Office,  nor were they bothered by Ted Kennedy. But Trump s tweet appears to be where the hypocritical left draws the line of acceptable behavior, Levin noted. So the bottom line is, MSNBC has a problem. From morning until night, it s the same damn show with different people, different dresses, different suits. It s the same thing. Levin then suggested that President Trump should keep tweeting Via: BPR",0
10504,HOT MIC! PRESS GOES BONKERS At Trump Presser: “This sh*t is nuts … that guy was assaulting me” [Video],"President Donald Trump and South Korea s President Moon Jae-In held a press conference earlier today and it got waaay out of control complete with a hot mic moment The press is so disrespectful! A hot mic at MSNBC picked up this comment:  this shit is nuts   that guy was assaulting me  A lamp was almost knocked over (see video below)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAKIQKn9bAEA mob of media rushed like crazy people into the Oval Office! You can hear people saying  easy fellas go easy  as the press and photographers all jockeyed for position.As the media frenzy continued, they bumped into the couches which pushed one of the end tables knocking over a lamp next to the President. Fortunately President Trump s personal bodyguard Keith Schiller was in position and quickly caught the lamp.Trump s bodyguard Keith Schiller catches lamp in Oval Office during visit with South Korean President Moon:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sp0VgLCXvLwPRESIDENT TURMP S BODYGUARD IS A SAINT:King Keith (Schiller) keeping POTUS safe for the past two decades.Catches lamp knocked over by unruly prestitutes aimed at POTUS head. pic.twitter.com/cnXGWZFhiV  H. H. (@HH36133705) June 30, 2017 ",0
10505,"UNHINGED MIKA Called President Trump “Not Well, Ignorant, Stupid, Mentally Ill and a Narcissist in ONE MINUTE! [VIDEO]","Hour one of the MSNBC morning show began typically enough with Mika and Joe. The assembled gang could barely contain their glee at the prospect of damning testimony from James Comey. That all set the stage for a typical Mika Brzezinski tirade that was honestly one of the most disgusting assaults on President Trump yet. It s unhinged hate!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZoUCHs22Aw I think Trump is such a narcissist, it s possible he is mentally ill in a way and this is on the table, I said it months ago and now everyone is starting to say it like it s new, and it s ok to say. He s not well,  she said.  At the very least, he s not well. And he s so narcissistic he does not believe the rules apply to him, and that s where the ignorance label may apply because this is a man who says he can grab women anywhere because he s famous. Then something very curious happened.Scarborough looked off camera and can be heard saying,  What s that? Wow,  Then Willie Geist showed him something and the two started laughing. Then a clearly not listening Scarborough, banged the table. Stop right there,  he laughed  I need an eject button. He posted it?  Scarborough appeared to ask someone else?Brzezinski finally realized that nobody was listening to her and demanded an explanation. Nothing I have said is crazy,  she said. We ll talk about it in the break,  said Scarborough barely able to get it out through his own laugher.The show soon went to break. When it returned Scarborough joked about  keeping it in the guard rails. Brzezinski appeared to offer an explanation of her actions.  I am keeping it in the guard rails. Everything I ve said you all have thought and you know and you ve said in your own way. You re going to talk to me about a filter?  she snapped at Scarborough. Yes,  he said.",0
10506,BROKE City of Chicago Spends Taxpayer Money Sticking It To Trump With HUGE ‘F YOU’ Installed Right Outside His Luxury Hotel,"The Windy City is under fire for turning public art into a political message using taxpayer dollars! The BROKE City of Chicago installed a golden sculpture that spells out  Real Fake  right smack in front of Trump International Hotel and Tower in the city s downtown area. So the city spent money they don t have to slam President Trump? No wonder people are leaving the city in droves Filmmaker @ImAndrewMarcus (me) reacts to #RealFake sculpture that #RealBroke Chicago PAID to install outside Trump tower. #RealDumb pic.twitter.com/2ap792wxF0  Andrew Marcus (@ImAndrewMarcus) June 30, 2017  Any questions about the artist s intention or the artwork s background should be directed to the artist s gallery Kavi Gupta,  wrote Christine Carrino, the communications director for the Chicago Department of Cultural Affairs and Special Events. The statue is bolted into a large public sidewalk space in front of Trump Tower, an area that over the past year has been commonly used for Trump protesters who gather to demonstrate and for tourists and supporters who want a picture in front of the glistening blue sky scraper. Art at its best makes a statement. And this piece certainly makes a real statement.    Spokesperson for Chicago Mayor Rahm EmanuelCarrino did not respond to questions about the placement of the sculpture. The Chicago Tribune reports in an article that Carrino said the artwork is up for  interpretation. Yes, we ve interpreted it alright. Does the city of Chicago want to lose even more money if tourists boycott the already broke city? Americans who voted for Trump might just have to do that Read more:  FOX News ",0
10507,THE DEATH OF P.C. POLICE? Trump’s DOJ Makes Major Announcement Over “Redskins” Name,"The Justice Department on Thursday dropped the legal challenge to the the Washington Redskins  name, the Associated Press reported.According to the AP, the Trump administration dropped the challenge in a letter to the Supreme Court in response to last week s ruling in Matal V. Tam, in which an Asian-American rock band won the right to copyright the name  The Slants,  despite the name s offensive connotation.In the Thursday letter, the Justice Department argues that the Matal V. Tam decision means that the court would decide in favor of the Washington Redskins if the case went before the justices.Last week, Redskins owner Dan Snyder drew the same conclusion, and said he was  thrilled  by the court s decision in the copyright case His lawyer, Lisa Blatt, issued a  statement saying that the court s decision resolved the dispute over the NFL team s name.Washington Post  Nine in 10 Native Americans say they are not offended by the Washington Redskins name, according to a new Washington Post poll that shows how few ordinary Indians have been persuaded by a national movement to change the football team s moniker.Among the Native Americans reached over a five-month period ending in April, more than 7 in 10 said they did not feel the word  Redskin  was disrespectful to Indians. An even higher number   8 in 10   said they would not be offended if a non-native called them that name. The Washington Redskins team, our fans and community have always believed our name represents honor, respect and pride,  the owner said in a statement.  Today s Washington Post polling shows Native Americans agree. We are gratified by this overwhelming support from the Native American community, and the team will proudly carry the Redskins name. Watch: Snyder and his wife have a close relationship with President Trump and his administration. In January, Snyder attended an exclusive inauguration celebration with Trump s Cabinet members, and Snyder s wife donated to Trump s campaign in 2015.Weeks after Snyder s wife made the donation, Trump spoke out about the team name controversy, suggesting it should remain the Redskins. I know Indians that are extremely proud of that name,  Trump said in October of 2015. Honestly, I don t think they should change the name, unless the owner wanted to.  The Hill ",0
10508,BREAKING: CNN PRODUCER Caught On Undercover Video Trashing Trump: “Voters “Stupid as Sh*t” [Video],"Project Veritas  newest video from the American Pravda: CNN series exposes Jimmy Carr, the Associate Producer for CNN s New Day attacking President Donald Trump and admitting that CNN has a left-leaning bias. When asked by an undercover journalist if CNN is impartial, Carr plainly responded,  In theory. We reported on the previous videos from Project Veritas: James O Keefe s Project Veritas reporters went undercover at CNN to investigate the #VeryFakeNews network to determine the motivation behind CNN s Trump-Russia collusion obsession. Since the inauguration, CNN has mentioned  Russian story  nearly 16,000 times.Project Veritas  reporters can be seen in the video below having a conversation with CNN s supervising producer John Bonifield. The reporter talked to Bonifield first about the constant barrage of Trump-Russia stories on CNN. Bonifield admitted that although CNN has no evidence or proof of Trump involvement with Russia, they continue to make it their top story on CNN simply for  ratings  and to  make money.  Bonifield has worked as a journalist and as a producer for nearly 15 years at CNN, making him a pretty reliable source when it comes to how things work at CNN.Bonifield actually confessed to the undercover Project Veritas journalist that President Trump is correct when he says the media is on a  witch hunt  to take him down. Bonifield told the reporter:  I think the President is right to say, like, look you are  witch hunting me  You have no real smoking gun, you have no proof. Bonifield told the undercover reporter for Project Veritas that CNN is biased and is playing to their audience by attacking President Trump, and actually admitted that  Trump is good for business right now.  The Project Veritas reporter asked Bonifield,  But honestly, you think the whole Russia shit is bullshit?  to which Bonifield replied:  Could be bullshit. I mean, it s mostly bullshit right now. Like, we don t have any big, giant proof. The way these leaks happen, they d leak it. It d leak. If it was something really good, it would leak. Watch the unbelievable video here:Did the three resignations that took place at CNN today have anything to do with the impending release of O Keefe s explosive video proving that CNN manufactures Trump-Russia collusion stories for ratings, or for money?The story about the three CNN employees resigning for publishing fake news broke yesterday. Is ti a coincidence that today, O Keefe released this explosive bombshell video?Here s the story that broke yesterday: CNN employees have resigned for their role in pushing fake news about the Trump-Russia story that claimed a member of the Trump transition team was under investigation.Reporter Thomas Frank, editor Eric Lichtblau and executive editor Lex Haris all resigned from their positions following a company-wide investigation into the single-sourced story that was quickly debunked, The Washington Post first reported. CNN quickly followed up with a story of their own on the resignations. Lichtblau reportedly oversaw the false story, while Haris headed up CNN s investigative unit. In the aftermath of the retraction of a story published on CNN.com, CNN has accepted the resignations of the employees involved in the story s publication,  CNN s coverage quotes a company spokesman as saying.Philly.com   On Thursday evening, CNN investigative reporter Thomas Frank published a potentially explosive report involving an investigation of a Russian investment fund with potential ties to several associates of President Donald Trump.But by Friday night, the story was removed from CNN s website and all links were scrubbed from the network s social media accounts. That story did not meet CNN s editorial standards and has been retracted,  CNN said in an editors note posted in place of the story.  Links to the story have been disabled. ",0
10509,PLAYBOY “REPORTER” WHINES About Getting No Respect From Trump’s Female Deputy Press Secretary [VIDEO],"Only a liberal  man  who works for a magazine that made a fortune by exploiting women would complain that President Trump s female Deputy Press Secretary isn t giving him enough respect. Yesterday a 56-year-old reporter representing Playboy magazine had an epic meltdown in the White House press briefing room after White House Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee-Sanders put him in his place following the release of an undercover bombshell video by Project Veritas that exposed CNN as a network that fabricates news for ratings.Brian Karem complained about journalists being called out as  fake news  when they report falsehoods, and protested on behalf of the honor of all White House journalists.  Conservative TreehouseIn an effort to capitalize on his moment in the sun, today 56-year-old Brian Karem runs to the Associated Press and claims Sarah Sanders and Sean Spicer (White House Press Secretaries) are  bullying him  and not giving him enough respect:AP   The reporter who accused White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders of inflaming the public against the media at a press briefing says he did it because he s tired of being bullied by the administration. There s a time and a place for everything and the time has come to stand up and be counted,  Karem told The Associated Press on Wednesday.  I m tired of taking it. I want friendly relationships, but those who want respect, show respect. We have shown that man and shown the administration respect for six months, and all we re getting in return is a lack of respect, derision and bullying. Karem, 56, is not a representative of the large national media organizations repeatedly described as  fake news  by the president. Besides his editing, he writes for Playboy, where his first-person account of the confrontation was posted late Tuesday. Note to Brian Karem: when a woman like Sarah Huckabee Sanders stands her ground and defends a man she respects and admires that s been unjustly accused of wrongdoing, is not called  bullying she s simply not allowing herself to be steamrolled by the bullies in the media BOOOM Sarah Huckabee Sanders advises ALL to watch Veritas Video where CNN producer admits they realize Trump/Russia is a hoax but dont care! pic.twitter.com/tng5DUmKq3   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) June 27, 2017",0
10510,"CNBC EDITOR: Media Must Remember Readers Are Not ‘as Ignorant, as Stupid as We Think They Are’ [Video]","A CNBC editor said members of the press need to remind themselves that their readers  are not as ignorant, as stupid as we think they are  during a discussion Wednesday on media in the Donald Trump era. Unbelievable arrogance!In a panel moderated by Katie Couric at the Aspen Ideas Festival, a CNBC Editor and Wall Street Journal editor Gerard Baker, The Atlantic editor Jeffrey Goldberg, Time editor Nancy Gibbs and USA Today editor Joanne Lipman delved into the challenges of covering Trump and declining trust in the news media.In one portion, Couric brought up the problem of confirmation bias in the media. She s all wrong on this point   this just shows how out of touch the media is with Americans. Americans want the TRUTH and DO NOT want to be spoon-fed information. Couric is making assumptions that Americans are idiiots SHE S VERY WRONG! Consumers are increasingly gravitating toward outlets that basically tell them what they want to hear, reinforce their beliefs,  she said. A friend of mine said they re seeking affirmation, not information. So given that, how do you restore trust in the media writ large if people are so divided about which media outlets are actually fair and accurate? KATIE COURIC: Let s move on and talk about sort of the bifurcated nature of the media these days. Consumers are increasingly gravitating toward outlets that basically tell them what they want to hear, reinforce their beliefs. A friend of mine said they re seeking affirmation, not information. So given that, how do you restore trust in the media writ large if people are so divided about which media outlets are actually fair and accurate? Anybody. Nik, you want to take that?NIKHIL DEOGUN: Sure, and I would say that the I think Gerry [Baker] made a very eloquent argument on the previous point, and it leads to what you re asking about, which is, I think there is a tendency we should not fall under the trap of just holding one person to one standard and everyone else to a different standard. I do think it s interesting. Three of us have all worked at the Wall Street Journal or work at the Wall Street Journal GERARD BAKER: I did before I left the office this morning.DEOGUN: Yes. Exactly. And our former Gerry s predecessor, a couple predecessors ago, Paul Steiger, used to always remind us, saying,  Look, I could argue something round or I could argue it flat. But in the end, stick to the facts.  I think sometimes there s too much of a tendency to interpret a fact to a degree that it goes into opinion. And I think part of our job is to, again, remind ourselves that our readers are not as readers, viewers, users, are not as ignorant, as stupid as we think they are, and I think part of that is to be more transparent. Part of that is to be more forthcoming about what we know and what we don t know. First rule we all learned is don t just tell your readers what you know, please tell them what you do not know.THE MAIN STREAM MEDIA JUST DOESN T GET IT! The American people want the truth NO SPIN!",0
10511,HEATED! MARIA BARTIROMO Goes At It With John Podesta On Russia Probe “Get your facts straight!” [Video],"John Podesta is the guardian of the Clintons just like Valerie Jarrett was for the Obamas.  He was instrumental during the 2016 election as the Clinton campaign chair and was exposed when the Wikileaks hack happened. He was just interviewed by the House Intel Committee regarding the Russia scam and was asked about it in the heated debate below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9U5zxVyTqAJohn Podesta is not just the former chairman of the Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign, but also a central figure in the ongoing narrative of Russian meddling in the US election of 2016. His hacked emails were at the heart of what some have called a coordinated news campaign led by Wikileaks, and so he met with the House Intelligence panel yesterday behind closed doors.This morning he appeared on Fox Business to discuss the Russian interference, allegations of collusion with Trump campaign and more with host Maria Bartiromo in what became a testy debate that perfectly exemplifies the divided positions that so many Americans hold right now.Bartiromo showed skepticism over the Russia claims rightfully so!. And there may be no other individual that best embodies the Clinton s web of influence   for good and bad   than Mr. Podesta. He s the definition of a weasel.Bartiromo aggressively attacked Podesta and Democrats for what she said were deeper ties with Russia, specifically asking about Podesta s investment portfolio:THIS IS JUST ONE EXAMPLE OF A  DEEP TIE  TO RUSSIA:Russia gave John Podesta 35 millions dollars (1 billion rubles) while he advised Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama.Russia gave John Podesta 35 millions dollars (1 billion rubles) while he advised Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama. pic.twitter.com/cf042XZLeU  Based Vet   (@BasedVet) March 28, 2017 Get your facts straight,  the former Clinton campaign chair shot back, before dismissing the FBN hosts claims as coming from a dubious source  like InfoWars. It went downhill from there.",0
10512,NYC COP Congratulates Trump Supporter For Educating Young Girl On Truth About Communism…”Facts Hurt People’s Feelings” [VIDEO],"Based Stickman, aka Kyle Chapman became famous on social media after he was one of the first Trump supporters to fight back at a California Trump rally after violent Antifa thugs randomly began cracking skulls and stabbing people who dared to openly supporting our President. Americans were fed up with watching innocent Americans being physically harmed and threatened while police officers stood down and watched the violence unfold. Once Kyle Chapman took the lead and started fighting back, other Trump supporters joined him. It wasn t long before the Antifa cowards stopped attacking innocent Trump supporters.Here s a short video showing  Base Stick Man  in action, as he takes the lead in defending his fellow Trump supporters who were being attack by a large mob of violent Democrats:Communists/Anarchists start a fight they cant finish @ UC Berkeley #March4Trump pic.twitter.com/OoZJrzkxXG  Andrew Quackson (@AndrewQuackson) March 5, 2017Today, Kyle Chapman (Based Stickman) and conservative Latino activist Robert Herrera were on the streets of New York showing their support for President Trump when Chapman noticed a 15-yr. old girl proudly displaying a communist poster her mother allegedly purchased for her. Chapman questioned the young girl about her knowledge of communism and asked her if she s aware of the millions of people who have been murdered throughout history at the hands of communist dictators? The 15-yr. old girl s mother can be seen videotaping the exchange until she realizes that her daughter is actually getting an education about the ugly truth about Communism, at which time she asks Chapman to stop engaging her daughter while videotaping her. As the mother-daughter duo walk away, the New York City police officer who witnessed the entire exchange can be seen stepping up to congratulate Chapman on a job well done. The unidentified police officer remarks about how he appreciated the way in which Chapman conducted himself with civility. As the officer begins to move away, he can be heard remarking,  Facts hurt people s feelings .Watch:Although Based Stickman was arrested and charged with assault for defending himself and other Trump supporters from Antifa thugs, it hasn t slowed down his enthusiasm for defending President Trump or innocent Americans who are simply exercising their First Amendment Right. America could use a thousand more Kyle Chapman s and Robert Herrera s ",0
10513,“President Trump Fights Fire with Fire” Sarah Huckabee Sanders Defends Trump’s Tweets [Video],John Roberts was first to question the tweets from president Trump   Great job by Sarah Huckabee Sanders. She was able to defend why President Trump is  hitting back  at MSNBC:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qZqK6i4SOkBill Hemmer had a milder conversation with Sanders: President Trump Fights Fire with Fire    Sarah Huckabee Sandershttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qj9NFgRyEUThings have certainly changed since the campaign season when Mika and Joe were a little friendlier to Trump. That was then and things have gotten worse than ever now. Trump is attacked every day with disgusting words that would be shocking if it had been done to President Obama. Can you imagine? Trump is attacked for just about everything and the one time he hits back he s attacked even more.Women are also outraged that he s attacked Mika but Mika has been dishing it out every day and obviously can t take it. Does she want equality with men or not? Trump will hit back no matter the sex. He s a fighter.We d love to know what you think about the latest tweet from President Trump. did he go too far or are you happy he finally hit back at Joe and Mika of MSNBC?Here s what Trump said in case you missed it:,0
10514,WOW! TRUMP REVEALS Embarrassing Story About Anti-Trump MSNBC Hacks “Crazy Mika” and “Psycho Joe” [VIDEO],"Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 22, 2016FOX News host Sean Hannity exposed the rabid liberal anti-Trump vitriol that MSNBC hacks spew daily on their show. Hannity offered to pay for therapy for one year for both of them, as a way to help them cope with Trump s presidency:Today, President Donald Trump turned his ire on MSNBC s Joe Scarborough and his fianc  Mika Brzezinski once again, branding them with new nicknames and dishing embarrassing details about their relationship.Trump called Scarborough  Psycho Joe  on Twitter Thursday morning and labeled his co-host Brzezinski  low I.Q. Crazy Mika. I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017He recalled that the television couple both wanted to join him during a New Year s Eve party at his Mar-a-lago club, but he refused. to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017Trump again insisted that he did not watch their show anymore but was told that the couple  speaks badly of me. Prior to Trump s tweets, the pair sneered mockingly at Trump because of his healthcare bill and started ridiculing the president because of a fake TIME magazine cover spotted in his golf club.Brzezinski mocked the photo of the cover, calling Trump s hands  teensy  and said he was  lying every day and destroying the country :First lady Melania Trump s office also reacted to the news. As the First Lady has stated publicly in the past, when her husband gets attacked, he will punch back 10 times harder,  the statement from the first lady s office read.In January, news of Scarborough s visit to Trump s club leaked, prompting mockery from fellow journalists. In response, an outraged Scarborough insisted he was not there to spend time with Trump socially but wanted to set up an interview.   BreitbartPaul Joseph Watson of Infowars responded brilliantly to critics of President Trump s tweet:Same media that viciously attacked Trump over his appearance (hair, hands) for 2 years is whining over Trump's tweet about Mika's appearance  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) June 29, 2017It's OK to lie about Melania doing porn or to mock Barron for being autistic, but don't you dare say Mika Brzezinski had a facelift.  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) June 29, 2017Watson also (rightly) points out in another tweet that there is more outrage from the left over Trump s tweet about the MSNBC hack team, than about the attempted massacre of Republicans only a few weeks ago:There's more outrage over Trump's Mika Brzezinski tweet than the attempted massacre of Republicans. That's not a clich . There genuinely is.  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) June 29, 2017",0
10515,WOW! LEGENDARY ACTOR JEFF BRIDGES Sends A Shocking Message To President Trump,"Well, this is a shocker! It takes a brave person to speak up in Hollywood because they could be blacklisted for being supportive of President Trump. We re guessing Jeff Bridges doesn t care what the Hollywood elite thinks because he s been around for decades acting, singing and producing. We love what he had to say about Trump! Who knew he s veteran too!Jeff Bridges played a president in  The Contender,  a political flick released nearly two decades ago in the wake of President Bill Clinton s White House scandals. But when it comes to critiquing the role of today s real-life president, Bridges is a lot more laid back than some of his fellow celebrities. How would The Dude, the character he played in  The Big Lebowski,  handle things? He likely wouldn t be dangling a severed head in the likeness of President Donald Trump, as comedian Kathy Griffin came under fire for. Neither would The Dude joke about killing the president as Johnny Depp recently did. Griffin and Depp later apologized.  Everybody has something different and unique to contribute to society and with different ways of doing it,  Bridges said in an interview Wednesday with The Associated Press, after taking part on a panel focused on child hunger at a meeting of the Western Governors Association in Whitefish, Montana.  Some people will be blatantly out there talking about their disappointments and ridiculing the way President Trump is acting,  said Bridges, who supported Hillary Clinton in last year s election.  I m rooting for him to do well by our country,  he said.  I m rooting for him as a human being to do the cool thing. WHO KNEW? JEFF BRIDGES IS A VETERAN! What do Beau Bridges, Jeff Bridges and Lloyd Bridges have in common? Ok  yes  they are all well-known actors  and yes they are all related! But all three have something very patriotic in common!They all proudly served our country in the United States Coast Guard. From left to right: Jeff Bridges (True Grit, The Big Lebowski, Oscar for Crazy Heart) served 7 years in the Coast Guard Reserve. Beau Bridges (The Fabulous Baker Boys, The Fifth Musketeer) served 8 years in the Coast Guard Reserve. And Father to Jeff and Beau, Lloyd Bridges (Around the World Under the Sea, Airplane!, Hot Shots) left Columbia Pictures to join the Coast Guard during WWII. After returning to film acting he then joined the Coast Guard Auxiliary, 11th District in California. Lloyd later did a number of public service announcements for the Coast Guard and was appointed an honorary USCG Commodore.BRIDGES HAS WORKED ON CHILD HUNGER FOR DECADES: Bridges said he is especially concerned about proposed cuts to federal food assistance programs, which he said could harm the well-being of more children. The actor has been an ambassador for  No Kid Hungry   campaign, a national effort to address food insecurity among struggling families. He founded the End Hunger Network in 1983 and became the national spokesman for No Kid Hungry in 2010. Bridges splits his time between homes in Southern California and Montana. He has helped Montana Gov. Steve Bullock and the state s first lady, Lisa Bullock, on expanding school breakfast programs.  The health of our children is a wonderful compass that can tell us if our country is going the right direction,  he said.  That means we re off course, so I m rooting for the president to get on course. Via: AP",0
10516,AMERICANS ARE LAUGHING At Michael Moore When They See Dates He Chose For Democrats To “RISE UP!” and “Storm” Offices Of Senators,"The Washington Post published a propaganda organizing piece for the Democrat Party: Democrats  resistance  calls for a July 4th recess push to kill GOP billFrom the article: The moment that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) told Republicans that there could be no vote on the party s health-care bill this week, Senate Democrats were in a familiar position   headed to a protest.In the  Senate swamp,  a well-kept lawn across from the Capitol, hundreds of activists from Planned Parenthood, AFSCME and smaller progressive groups were hooting and cheering their latest mini-victory. The  People s Filibuster,  scheduled to last all week, had triumphed in its first few minutes. The delay of BRCA, which Republicans had hoped to vote on this week, came after disagreements inside the majority party. But it was egged on by the  Resistance,  the loose collection of more than 1,000 groups working to stop the Republican agenda that sprang out of Trump s surprise election.  A bill designed by wealthy white men, for wealthy white men will only further marginalize disenfranchised communities,  said the organizers of the Jan. 21 Women s March in a statement.  While a delay on the vote is a small victory, it s time to crank up the outrage and tell all Senators to vote NO. The call to action that has everyone on social media laughing however was a tweet by Michael Moore who suggested liberals  storm  ( nonviolently ) the local offices of Senators and  pack  their town halls. Hmmm .Is there such a thing as  nonviolently  storming someone s office? Perhaps someone should tell the irrelevant Michael Moore that the Senators don t work over the July 4th weekend.I call upon EVERYONE to observe this 4th of July week by nonviolently storming the local offices of your Senators, pack town halls, RISE UP!  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) June 28, 2017Moore got called out on Twitter by several people who were smart enough to figure out the Senate would be on recess or that  storming  offices of US Senators was anything but  nonviolent :His EVERYONE = Flint's & #OFA Soros paid violent protesters.BTW, storming is violent.#July4th @FBI  adnilhoom  (@adnilhoom) June 29, 2017What is the point in storming offices that are going to be completely empty because July 4th is a holiday, you utter moron? https://t.co/o8eIaKkr4f  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) June 29, 2017Yes, YES! Storm offices that will be closed on the 4th of July. pic.twitter.com/owUNMI7C5y  The Mental Recession (@rustyweiss74) June 29, 2017The most embarrassing propaganda piece we could find was USA Today s piece titled:USA Today joined in with other leftist propaganda rags in an effort to help the left organize agains our President and the GOP. Yesterday, they ran a one-sided fear mongering article that was clearly designed to motivate Democrats to spend their extended holiday weekend harassing Republican Senators to change their votes on the replacement bill for the failed Obamacare.In an effort to discredit the efforts of the GOP, USA Today s propaganda piece mentions how Republican Senators are not 100% on board with the bill. USA Today even offers their readers a George Soros resource to help them find ways to resist our President and the GOP agenda.USA today also offered their readers a heavy dose of fear with a Youtube video featuring a woman named  Priscilla  and her 38-year-old daughter who has cerebral palsy and could die from seizures without health insurance.USA Today also featured 2 tweets in their article showing Americans who are singing the praises of Obamacare. Every day, we see horror stories about Americans who were financially devastated by Obamacare, not one of those stories appeared in the lopsided USA Today article. These 2 tweets were apparently the only examples a major publication like USA Today could find in their embarrassing propaganda piece:B/c of the ACA I was able to give a kidney to my husband @kevinbehr when he needed it. This is us post op '15 and now #HowTheACASavedMyLife pic.twitter.com/ilX6ikEva3  Erica Behr (@the_erica) June 27, 2017#ACA ensures my Chemo Baby and I will always have coverage despite me surviving being #pregnantwithcancer #HowTheACASavedMyLife #FacesOfACA pic.twitter.com/9L3f3O9HvU  Beth KACM   (@elizebethtown) June 26, 2017Here s the extent of USA Today s  balanced  reporting, as they mention the GOP near the end of the article, but only in a negative light, as they make a point to say the GOP is attacking Democrat Senator Elizabeth Warren. They also point out that according to polls, most Americans disagree with the GOP and want taxpayers to pay for everyone s health care:  Republicans will have their own messaging campaign, as they try to tie all Democrats to comments made by Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., who is pressing for a single-payer health care system, in which the government would run a health insurance program available to any American.Republicans plan to have their own digital campaign and hold press conferences that include testimonials from Americans who ve been  negatively impacted  by Obamacare, said Republican National Committee spokesman Rick Gorka.Yet McConnell has acknowledged if Republicans can t pass a bill soon, they may have to work with Democrats, who will demand preserving the current Obamacare program by shoring up the individual market exchanges. People get really emotional about health care, but Republicans have clearly lost the narrative on this, and the discussion has moved towards  Who are you taking health care away from?  said former Republican House member Tom Davis of Virginia, who previously headed reelection efforts for his party.Republicans worry Democrats will ultimately push for a single-payer system that is anathema to their limited-government, free-market driven ideology. Once a politically toxic prospect   Hillary Clinton faced significant blow back as first lady for her 1990 s flirtation with universal health care that stopped short of single payer   polls now show modest increases in support for such a system.A recent survey by the Pew Research Center found 33% of respondents favor a single-payer system. More relevant to the current debate, 60% said the federal government is responsible for providing healthcare coverage to all Americans. In an interview on MSNBC, Ohio Rep. Tim Ryan, D-OH, who represents a working-class area including Youngstown, also expressed support for single-payerAdditional polling also suggests Democrats have a running start on public opinion heading into the break. According to a USA TODAY/Suffolk University poll, just 12% of Americans support the Republican plan, a similar number other major surveys including by Marist. NBC News/Wall Street Journal found just 16% of adults believe the House bill was a good idea. ",0
10517,MARK STEYN and Tucker Carlson Have Epic Exchange on Russia Idiocy: “CNN is flying the network into a black hole and the only plot twist left is Anderson Cooper and Elmo in a spaceship” [Video],"Tucker Carlson is spot on in his commentary regarding CNN s coverage of the Russia scam. It gets even better when Mark Steyn joins Tucker to comment on the idiocy of CNN s reporting on a  nothing burger .The metaphors are many Elmo, Potato Chips CNN is flying the network into a black hole and the only plot twist left is Anderson Cooper and Elmo in a spaceship trying to repair a rupture in the space-time continuum IN CASE YOU MISSED IT: Van Jones calls the Russia scam a  nothing burger The Russia thing is a big nothing burger Mark Steyn s previous commentary on the testimony regarding Russia is spot on: Mark Steyn is fantastic! He was on Tucker Carlson to discuss the intel hearing today on the Russia investigation. He sees through all of the total BS the Dems were throwing out in their testimony on Trump and Russia. Mark Steyn is the adult in the room when it comes to getting to the truth Awesome!Mark Steyn is a gifted guy. One of our favorites!",0
10518,TRUMP ADVISOR Has Warning For Syria That Has Saved Lives [Video],"Deputy Assistant to the President Sebastian Gorka warned Syrian President Bashar Assad after evidence arose earlier this week that the Assad regime could be planning another chemical weapons attack on its people. Gorka says,  if you do this again, there will be significant damage done to your forces and to your interests. We are there to destroy Isis.  CHEMICAL WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT? SYRIA S ASSAD COULD BE PLANNING ANOTHER ATTACK: Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis said the United States had recently seen activity at Shayrat airfield, the same base targeted by a U.S. cruise missile strike on April 6. This involved specific aircraft in a specific hangar, both of which we know to be associated with chemical weapons use,  Davis said.Davis said the activity occurred during  the past day or two.  He did not say how the United States collected its intelligence.The White House said on Monday it appeared the Syrian government was preparing for another chemical weapons attack and warned Assad that he and his military would  pay a heavy price  if it went ahead.REMEMBER WHEN WE HAD A COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF WHO DECIDED HE WOULDN T HONOR HIS THREAT TO SYRIA:THE RED LINE READ MORE: REUTERS",0
10519,"SUSAN RICE Plays Race, Gender Bias Card On Why She’s Being ‘Picked On’ About ‘Unmasking’ Of Trump Associates","Susan Rice, the Obama national security adviser under fire over her alleged involvement in the  unmasking  of Trump associates during the 2016 presidential election, suggested in a fresh interview that race and gender might be playing a role in the scrutiny she s faced. PLEASE NOTE OUR PREVIOUS REPORT BELOW ON THE RADICAL PAST AND RACISM OF SUSAN RICE. The nerve of this woman who went on 5 morning shows after Benghazi and LIED to the American people! In an interview with journalist Michael Tomasky for New York Magazine, Rice reportedly questioned the criticism she s faced dating back to the Benghazi controversy. Why me? Why not Jay Carney, for example, who was then our press secretary, who stood up more?  she asked.Tomasky noted in the piece that Carney  isn t an African-American woman, of course  and apparently asked Rice whether that is the key factor. Rice, in response, left the door open: I don t know  I do not leap to the simple explanation that it s only about race and gender. I m trying to keep my theories to myself until I m ready to come out with them. It s not because I don t have any. But Rice mentioned other prominent female figures   like Hillary Clinton and Condoleezza Rice   who faced  ad hominem  attacks, suggesting a correlation.Asked about the comments, a Republican Capitol Hill source pushed back.  This is screaming out for attention  She s saying I don t know why they all started picking on me to begin with. As to the suggestion of race and gender being a factor, the source countered, then  why would there be a subpoena for a white male? That was a reference to the fact that Rice is not the only focus of the congressional probe into unmasking. Investigators have issued subpoenas to three different agencies: NSA, CIA and FBI.Playing the victim is the usual tactic of leftists like Susan Rice she was a college radical before she cleaned up her resume and put on a business suit:RACIST VICTIM SUSAN RICE HAD A STRING OF FAILURES IN AFRICA BEFORE BENGHAZI   HER RACIST CLAIM THAT NATIONAL SECURITY ISN T DIVERSE ENOUGH SO NOT AS EFFECTIVE CAUSED A FIRESTORM:From 1995 to 1997, Rice served as Special Assistant to President Bill Clinton and senior director for African Affairs at the NSC at the White House.The Daily Caller:  U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice, reportedly the leading contender to be President Barack Obama s next national security adviser, failed during the 1990s to prevent unnecessary deaths in Rwanda, provide adequate security prior to the bombings of the embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, or deal effectively with Robert Mugabe s dictatorship in Zimbabwe.A former State Department military adviser to Africa thought Rice s  inexperience  caused President Bill Clinton s feckless response to the Rwandan genocide when she served as National Security Council director for International Organizations and Peacekeeping. And documents sent to The Daily Caller from the National Legal and Policy Center show Rice failed to take seriously repeated Islamist threats against the U.S. embassies in the prelude to deadly bomb attacks. This woman has ZERO credibility and is a true racist who would be tossed out of her job if she were white and said government was too black. Furthermore, she s giving a commencement speech and she s politicizing it!SUSAN RICE FELT STUDENTS SHOULD BE REQUIRED TO TAKE BLACK HISTORY: In a 1986 book by U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice, the future diplomat argued for the aggressive inclusion of a black history curriculum in American schools, claiming that its omission had  crippling effects  by  providing a child with no more than   a white interpretation of reality. She s yet another one of Obama s minions with a radical racist past who s pushing the Obama agenda of a  fundamental transformation . Rice attended Stanford University and was a black radical back in the day is anyone surprised by this? Probably not In a White House often accused of being stacked with loyalists, President Obama s national security adviser said Wednesday there are too many white people in key government posts, endangering national security because they think alike.Speaking at Florida International University s commencement, Susan E. Rice, who is black, said a diversified government workforce is more likely to yield  better outcomes  than a predominantly white one.Referring to criticism that the U.S. national security workforce is  white, male and Yale,  Ms. Rice told the graduates,  In the halls of power, in the faces of our national security leaders, America is still not fully reflected. By now, we should all know the dangers of  groupthink,  where folks who are alike often think alike,  she said.  By contrast, groups comprised of different people tend to question one another s assumptions, draw on divergent perspectives and experiences, and yield better outcomes. Her comments were reminiscent of Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who said in a speech in 2001, before Mr. Obama appointed her to the high court,  I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life. Ms. Rice elaborated in her speech on how having more minorities in the national security field would better protect the homeland.Read more: WT Read more: FOX News",0
10520,WOW! Soon-To-Be Former GOP Congressman Jason Chaffetz Has Surprising New Job,"Fox News Channel (FNC) has signed soon-to-be former Congressman Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) to a contributor role.He will offer political analysis across FNC and Fox Business Network s (FBN) daytime and primetime programming, starting on July 1st.Prior to joining FNC, Chaffetz represented Utah s Third Congressional District beginning in November 2008. In May, he announced that he would resign from Congress effective June 30th.During his time as congressman, he served as the Chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee and was a member of the House Judiciary Committee. He also served on the Homeland Security Committee.Chaffetz had an integral role in many government investigations, including the Fast and Furious gun-running scandal, the Benghazi terrorist attack, the IRS targeting scandal and the Secret Service investigation.Watch Chaffetz s recent appearance on  Sunday Morning Futures,  during which he explained why Congress needs to be a watchdog over special counsel Robert Mueller as he conducts his Russia investigation.  FOX Insider ",0
