id,title,text,label
12525,SEXTING ADDICT ANTHONY WEINER FINALLY Gets Help For Out-Of Control Behavior,"Anthony Weiner, the husband of Hillary Clinton s closest aide Huma Abedin, has checked into a rehab facility for treatment of sex addition.Out-of-control Weiner, who has been sending sexually-charged messages and obscene pictures to women and at least one teenage girl for years, is now in a treatment facility, DailyMail.com has learned exclusively.Friday s dramatic disclosure by the FBI that it had discovered new emails relevant to their investigation into Hillary Clinton s secret server was a shock unprecedented in electoral history. At the center of it, however, is the tragedy of Anthony Weiner s sex addiction. The rehab center where Weiner is being treated separates men and women and its program includes counseling for those addicted to cybersex and exhibitionism as well as addictions to anonymous sex and porn.WEINER WAS A REPEAT OFFENDER BUT HIS LAST CASE WAS WITH A MINOR A 15-YEAR OLD!In the online messages, Weiner, 51, sent bare-chested photos of himself to the underage girl, repeatedly called her  baby  and complimented her body, and told her that he woke up  hard  after thinking about her, according to copies of the conversations. In one particularly lewd message, he told the teen:  I would bust that tight p***y so hard and so often that you would leak and limp for a week.  When confronted with the claims, Weiner did not deny exchanging  flirtatious  messages with the teen. He declined to comment on the specifics of the allegations on the record, but provided copies of two emails the girl sent him that he contends raised questions about her claims.ANTHONY WEINER gave a statement to DailyMail.com:He says, in part:  I have repeatedly demonstrated terrible judgement about the people I have communicated with online and the things I have sent. I am filled with regret and heartbroken for those I have hurt. I have repeatedly demonstrated terrible judgement about the people I have communicated with online and the things I have sent. The revelation comes just weeks after Weiner s wife Huma Abedin announced that they had separated in the wake of another sexting controversy. In August, the New York Post reported on sexual chats between Weiner and a 40-year-old woman, during which the former congressman sent her provocative shirtless photos of him while his four-year-old son was curled up next to him in bed. Weiner has faced a number of sexting scandals since 2011, when he was forced to resign from Congress after his online sexual messages with a female college student were revealed. Another sexting scandal in 2013, involving 22-year-old Sydney Leathers, derailed his bid for New York City mayor. In the course of that scandal, his alias Carlos Danger was disclosed.Read more: Daily Mail",0
12526,"BUSTED! ONE OF NATION’S BIGGEST POLITICAL DONORS Caught Funneling Money To Hillary, Other Crooked Democrats [VIDEO]","I wonder if they ll get the same treatment Dinesh D Souza got for doing one 1/10th of what these criminals did Hillary Clinton s campaign is returning thousands of dollars in donations linked to what may be one of the largest straw-donor schemes ever uncovered.A small law firm that has given money to Sen. Elizabeth Warren, Sen. Harry Reid, President Obama and many others is accused of improperly funneling millions of dollars into Democratic Party coffers. The program was exposed by the Center for Responsive Politics and the same team of Boston Globe investigative reporters featured in the movie  Spotlight. The Thornton Law Firm has just 10 partners, but dollar for dollar, it s one of the nation s biggest political donors, reports CBS News correspondent Tony Dokoupil.Federal law limits partnerships, like the Thornton Law Firm, to a maximum donation of $2,700 per candidate. But campaign finance watchdogs say the firm used its individual partners as straw donors, allowing it to funnel money to campaigns well above that legal limit. Straw donor reimbursement systems are something both the FEC and the Department of Justice take very seriously, and people have gone to jail for this,  Center for Responsive Politics editorial director Viveca Novak said.  The Spotlight team and the Center for Responsive Politics looked at donations from three of the firm s partners from 2010 to 2014. The trio and one of their wives gave $1.6 million, mostly to Democrats. Over the same period, they received $1.4 million back in bonuses. Through its employees, the firm gave to Democrats running in some of this year s most hotly contested races   ones that could determine control of the U.S. Senate.For entire story: CBS",0
12527,WATCH SHERIFF CLARKE Take Down Liberal Pundit Claiming Sexism In Hillary Scandal [Video],"Sheriff Clarke:  Barack Obama for seven plus years has played the race card   that every time somebody criticized him it was because he was black and it scared off a lot of Republicans. So now they re going to switch and try to play the gender card. Problem is the American public is tired of this class warfare. The reason why they don t like Mrs. Bill Clinton is not because she s a woman. It s because she s dishonest and because she s hiding something. She s hiding the truth. She tries to play herself off as a victim   like she s little red riding hood but she s more like the big bad wolf. As soon as you turn your back on her, she ll bite you. Look this is politics. It s a contact sport. It s not for the faint of heart.  ",0
12528,WHOA! 3 WELL-KNOWN Democrats Go NUCLEAR On Hillary Clinton And Her Supporters [VIDEO],"Wow!  Thrill up his leg  for Obama, Chris Matthews does a stunning 180 on his support for Hillary and boldly calls out any person who is still planning to support her. He accuses her supporters of being  too dainty  to stand up for America. Watch him tell his liberal viewers that the only chance we have to turn this nation around is to vote for Trump. If you like the way things are the way they are headed in this country. If you d like to continue the destruction of our manufacturing base, and the jobs that went with it. If you like the uncontrollable immigration, if you like the string of stupid wars from Iraq to Libya to Syria. If you want to say yes to all of that, if you want to keep this all the way it is, fine then vote for Hillary Clinton. If you don t like the way things are headed, you ve got a chance to really shake the system at its roots. If you wake up on Election Day and it s the same as it is today, if it s the same 4 or 5 or 8 years from now, remember you had a chance really change it up but you were too dainty to do it. https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU7/status/793323182262358017Liberal champion of union members Michael Moore stunned liberals and union bosses everywhere when he came out with this passionate support for Donald Trump:***Language warning***Former Democratic pollster for Hillary makes a stunning admission to Fox News host Harris Faulkner that he won t support Hillary:  I still share her worldview and am much closer to her approach to policies than I am to Donald Trump. That said, with America facing a potential constitutional crisis after her election, I am not able, under the circumstances we are now facing, to vote for Secretary Clinton. ",0
12529,BREAKING HIDDEN VIDEO Exposes Racist Dems Comparing Black Republicans To Jews Who Helped Nazis [Video],"A longtime Clinton ally and donor has a theory about black Republicans: They re like the Jewish guards in concentration camps who tried to save their own skins by helping the Nazis kill Jews. In a hidden-camera video released Wednesday by Project Veritas Action, author and academic Benjamin R. Barber compared black Republicans to the  Sonderkommandos  during a Sept. 19 fundraiser for North Carolina Senate candidate Deborah Ross. He described the Sonderkommandos as  Jewish guards who in effect helped murder Jews in the camps so they could live a little longer.   So there were even Jews who were helping the Nazis murder Jews. So blacks who are helping the other side are seriously f***ed in the head,  said Mr. Barber in undercover footage. Mr. Barber, a Rutgers University professor emeritus and City University of New York senior research scholar, isn t some fringe figure: He served as an informal consultant on civic affairs to President Bill Clinton, wrote a book about the Clinton administration, and donated to Hillary Clinton s presidential bids in 2008 and 2016.Read more: WT",0
12530,WOW! FBI ASST DIRECTOR: They used to kill people like Hillary by firing squad for “careless leaks” [Video],"Lou Dobbs: So you would agree with those who say it would take something substantial for Comey to have gone this far. He s not sitting here looking at a pig in a poke.Former FBI Asst. Director James Kallstrom: No I don t think so but I don t really think he knows how big the pig is or how big the poke is. And when you look at it this way could there be anything more important than the stuff they didn t look at the first time. You know, top secret, SAP, Special Access Program. We shot people at firing squad for disclosing this information in World War II.",0
12531,HOPE FOR FORGOTTEN AMERICA…Why Trump Is Last Chance For This Steel Town Where 94% Of Jobs Have Gone [VIDEO],"In 2008 Barack Obama promised to shut down the coal industry:Hillary also promised to shut down the coal industry as part of her campaign platform. When politicians like Barack Obama and Hillary put special interests and lobbyists who are using phony climate change to collect billions in federal  green subsidies  over working Americans, you know these people are no longer  public servants  but instead, self-servants. Watch:There was a time, not so long ago, when this city on the Ohio River employed up to 15,000 people in the steel mills whose rusting warehouses still line the streets. Now the figure is closer to 800.First, it was costs associated with the repeated regulations imposed by the Environmental Protection Agency. Then, after 1994 and the passing of the North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) it was cheaper competition from places such as Mexico. In the end, there was no way Weirton could compete, and an industry that has fed and clothed the city for generations essentially died. Her husband introduced Nafta,  said a former steel worker, sitting at the the bar of the Columbia Club, located at one was once Gate No 1 of the Weirton Steel Corporation s main factory. He had worked at the plant for 34 years.  If anyone in this in this state votes for her, they re crazy. It is communities such as this that Donald Trump has been targeting hard with his pitch about the evils of Nafta and the need to bring jobs   well-paid manufacturing jobs in particular   back to America. Polls collected by RealClearPolitics suggest he leads Hillary Clinton in West Virginia by between 18 to 27 points.While his policy is not hard on detail, Mr Trump has vowed repeatedly to bring jobs back from places such as Mexico and China.But in places such as Weirton, down to fewer than 20,000 people from a peak of 33,000 it is hard not to feel that while some parts of the country may have seen the benefits of global trade, this hardscrabble community, with its fast-food joints and strip bars, has been passed by.Ed Sutton, a city government worker who said he would be voting for Mr Trump, said that  nothing had replaced the steel jobs .  They talk about creating all these jobs. But they re just retail jobs that pay minimum wage, or just above,  he said.Ms Clinton, meanwhile, said this spring, in a comment she came to quickly regret, she was going to  put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business .  IndependentTrump s appeal is vast and broad for many blue-collar workers and former workers across America. Listen to these former steel workers in PA, living in a Democrat stronghold explain how they never imagined they would be voting for a Republican:",0
12532,BILL CLINTON LOSES IT With Heckler In Finger-Pointing Rant: “I defended Obama…” [Video], ,0
12533,CAMPAIGNING WHILE DRUNK? Video Showing Hillary Dancing Reopens “Booze Swilling” Past [Video],"Hillary Clinton was reportedly drunk at a rally in New Jersey according to several sources but you be the judge: Rumors of Hillary Clinton s chronic alcohol use have been swirling around the politician for years, but have proven especially rampant this campaign season with the focus and national debate on the Democrat s lingering health issues. And for good reason. Wikileaks recently released an email chain where her aides talked of sobering up the Democratic presidential candidate.An Aug. 2015 email from communications aide Jennifer Palmieri instructs campaign chairman John Podesta to locate and sober Hillary up so that she can return or respond to documents that were emailed to her hours before. I think you should call her and sober her up some,  Palmieri said.The Wikileaks email chain between Palmieri and Podesta shows that Clinton was not reachable throughout the entire afternoon on Aug 8. Additionally, other emails released by Wikileaks and Judicial Watch indicate Clinton sleeps well into mid afternoon on many days and as secretary of state, overslept and missed key national security meetings and daily briefings.New York Times national reporter Amy Chozick covered the Clinton s vicious primary campaign in 2008 against Barack Obama. In a 2015 profile for ABC News about Clinton, Chozick said she was surprised how much booze Clinton swilled on the campaign trail. Chozick said: Hmm. She likes to drink. We were on the campaign trail in 2008 and the press thought she was just taking shots to pander to voters in Pennsylvania. Um, no. Clinton family insider and campaign manager at the time in 2008, Terry McAuliffe, now governor of Virginia, concurred: She loves to sit, throw  em back. So to me this is nothin  new,  McAuliffe said.  We all hear about the story that she and John McCain actually had a shot contest, I think in the Ukraine or somewhere around the world. And she actually beat John McCain in a shot contest. She s a girl from Illinois who likes to throw  em down with the rest of us. Actually, it was on a congressional tour of Estonia: Read more: True Pundit",0
12534,YIKES! Is Something Big About To Happen? Michelle Obama Erases Any Trace Of Hillary From Twitter Account,"Michelle Obama has scrubbed any reference to Hillary from her Twitter account What? Like with a cloth or something? LOL!Seriously though, it looks like Mooch is trying get rid of any evidence of something she posted to Twitter between March 4, 2013 and now. Hmmm wonder if it has anything to do with a certain presidential candidate s FBI investigation? Michelle Obama has scrubbed all references to Hillary Clinton from both of her Twitter accounts as news breaks that Clinton is under two different FBI investigations involving four FBI offices.Has @MichelleObama deleted her tweets for the past 3 and a half years?  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 1, 2016Barrack Obama's Husband Michelle Scrubs Hillary Clinton From Twitter History.The tide has turned.#MAGAhttps://t.co/dmH239cdiv  General Halley   (@HalleyBorderCol) November 1, 2016The @FLOTUS account has been wiped clean of all traces of Hillary, and @MichelleObama, a verified page with almost six million followers, has been scrubbed all the way back to 2013. Your News Wire h/t Gateway Pundit",0
12535,HERE’S HOW THE CLINTONS’ Free Private Jet Scam Works: “It’s highly illegal”," It s highly illegal and it s likely that the owners of these aircraft took tax deductions as a gift to the Clinton Foundation,  Charles Ortel, a Wall Street analyst and critic of the Clinton FoundationIra Magaziner, the CEO of the Clinton Health Access Initiative, asked former President Bill Clinton to thank Morocco s King Mohammed VI for  offering his plane to the conference in Ethiopia. CHAI would like to request that President Clinton call Sheik Mohammed to thank him for offering his plane to the conference in Ethiopia,  Magaziner gushed in a November 22, 2011 email released by WikiLeaks.Clinton frequently has expected free, luxurious private jet travel during his post-presidential life. Clinton, his wife and daughter have artfully secured free air travel and luxurious accommodations since they left the White House. It s an effective way to accept gifts of great value without declaring them for the Clinton Foundation. It s highly illegal and it s likely that the owners of these aircraft took tax deductions as a gift to the Clinton Foundation,  Charles Ortel, a Wall Street analyst and critic of the Clinton Foundation.In the Moroccan case, Clinton was able to fly for free, jetting 3,367 miles from Rabat, Morocco, to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia on the King s specially equipped 747-400 jumbo jet.Not including the flight, King Mohammed has donated at least $28 million to the Clinton Foundation. Clinton was traveling to attend a conference organized by Sheikh Mohammed Hussein Al-Amoudi, an Ethiopian-Saudi billionaire who is the second wealthiest man in Saudi Arabia. The sheikh has donated up to $10 million to the Clinton Foundation. But neither the Clinton Foundation nor CHAI have listed any  non-cash contributions    such as free jumbo jet travel   on their 2011 tax return for the free use of the aircraft.Via: Daily Caller ",0
12536,BREAKING: OBAMA APPOINTED JUDGE Demands RNC Reveal Trump’s Plans To Prevent Voter Fraud,"Just look away. The Democrats don t have any plans to steal your vote. If you don t believe us, ask this Obama appointed judge who s making it his business to make sure Republicans don t get involved protecting the sanctity of the vote for every American A federal judge is ordering the Republican National Committee to detail any agreements it has with Donald Trump s campaign to engage in  ballot security  efforts in connection with next week s election   something the national GOP has been banned from doing for decades without court approval.The order also instructs the RNC to explain by 5 p.m. Tuesday what Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway and GOP vice presidential nominee Mike Pence were talking about in recent comments when they said that Trump s campaign was working closely with the RNC to make sure there is no fraud at the polls. Newark, N.J.-based U.S. District Court John Vazquez issued the order Monday after the Democratic National Committee went to court last week to allege that the RNC was violating consent decrees from the 1980s settling a case alleging that GOP pollwatchers sought to intimidate minority voters in a practice then known as  caging. The agreements allow the RNC to organize poll watchers, but prohibit any effort to intimidate voters as they enter a polling place or to challenge individual voters, except as part of a program approved in advance by the court.Here s a little reminder (video below) of how the New Black Panthers intimidated voters outside of a polling place in Philadelphia. But by all means, the RNC and the Trump campaign should just look away The RNC insists it has worked to ensure compliance with the agreement and submitted to the court a series of memos sent to its personnel, national committee members and others from August through this month reminding them about the consent decree and the need to remain at arms length from all ballot security efforts. The memos tell RNC workers, officials and volunteers not to engage in poll watching efforts at all, not to take video or audio recordings at polling places and not to mention ballot fraud concerns on social media sites like Facebook and Twitter.However, in August, Pence appeared to indicate there was a joint effort by the Trump campaign and the RNC to combat voter fraud.  The Trump Campaign and the Republican National Committee are working very, very closely with state governments and secretaries of state all over the country to ensure ballot integrity,  Pence said at a town hall meeting in Denver in August.In addition, Conway reportedly told the Washington Post last month that the Trump campaign is  actively working with the national committee, the official party, and campaign lawyers to monitor precincts around the country.    Politico",0
12537,EXPOSED: TOP BILLIONAIRE DONOR Has Shady Side Deal With Clinton Campaign Manager Podesta,"The man running Hillary Clinton s campaign is getting paid to advise a foundation run by a key Clinton donor, hacked WikiLeaks emails show.John Podesta, who draws no salary from the campaign, is making $7,000 per month from the Sandler Foundation, run by Herb Sandler, Politico reported.The arrangement is not normal practice for political campaigns, though campaign members are not required to disclose their financial relationships.Sandler insisted his close relationship with Podesta has not helped him or his business politically. If they re responsive, it s because they regard me as thoughtful, and a major contributor to Democratic cause   Podesta knows that he doesn t get bulls t from me. He knows I have no hidden agenda. He knows that my values are similar to his and that we care about people and not the billionaires, even though I ended up by some crazy thing to be one,  he added.The Sandlers ran World Savings Bank, which was sold to Wachovia in 2006 for $25.5 billion and which was accused of offering adjustable-rate mortgages that contributed to the housing collapse.Scott Walter, president of Capital Research Center, a conservative nonprofit, said Podesta s deal with Sandler stood in stark contrast to Clinton s efforts to portray herself as tough on the financial industry. This is another instance where the Clinton campaign has been revealed to have surprising links to some of the most dubious parts of the finance industry,  Walter said.Read more: Politico",0
12538,FANTASTIC! TRUMP’S 7 POINT PLAN To Reform Healthcare Begins With A Bombshell!,"Since March of 2010, the American people have had to suffer under the incredible economic burden of the Affordable Care Act Obamacare. This legislation, passed by totally partisan votes in the House and Senate and signed into law by the most divisive and partisan President in American history, has tragically but predictably resulted in runaway costs, websites that don t work, greater rationing of care, higher premiums, less competition and fewer choices. Obamacare has raised the economic uncertainty of every single person residing in this country. As it appears Obamacare is certain to collapse of its own weight, the damage done by the Democrats and President Obama, and abetted by the Supreme Court, will be difficult to repair unless the next President and a Republican congress lead the effort to bring much-needed free market reforms to the healthcare industry.Congress must act. Our elected representatives in the House and Senate must:1. Completely repeal Obamacare. Our elected representatives must eliminate the individual mandate. No person should be required to buy insurance unless he or she wants to.2. Modify existing law that inhibits the sale of health insurance across state lines. As long as the plan purchased complies with state requirements, any vendor ought to be able to offer insurance in any state. By allowing full competition in this market, insurance costs will go down and consumer satisfaction will go up.3. Allow individuals to fully deduct health insurance premium payments from their tax returns under the current tax system. Businesses are allowed to take these deductions so why wouldn t Congress allow individuals the same exemptions? As we allow the free market to provide insurance coverage opportunities to companies and individuals, we must also make sure that no one slips through the cracks simply because they cannot afford insurance. We must review basic options for Medicaid and work with states to ensure that those who want healthcare coverage can have it.4. Allow individuals to use Health Savings Accounts (HSAs). Contributions into HSAs should be tax-free and should be allowed to accumulate. These accounts would become part of the estate of the individual and could be passed on to heirs without fear of any death penalty. These plans should be particularly attractive to young people who are healthy and can afford high-deductible insurance plans. These funds can be used by any member of a family without penalty. The flexibility and security provided by HSAs will be of great benefit to all who participate.5. Require price transparency from all healthcare providers, especially doctors and healthcare organizations like clinics and hospitals. Individuals should be able to shop to find the best prices for procedures, exams or any other medical-related procedure.6. Block-grant Medicaid to the states. Nearly every state already offers benefits beyond what is required in the current Medicaid structure. The state governments know their people best and can manage the administration of Medicaid far better without federal overhead. States will have the incentives to seek out and eliminate fraud, waste and abuse to preserve our precious resources.7. Remove barriers to entry into free markets for drug providers that offer safe, reliable and cheaper products. Congress will need the courage to step away from the special interests and do what is right for America. Though the pharmaceutical industry is in the private sector, drug companies provide a public service. Allowing consumers access to imported, safe and dependable drugs from overseas will bring more options to consumers.",0
12539,BREAKING EMAIL LEAK: “Bernie needs to be ground to a pulp…Crush him as hard as you can”,"Hey Bernie how s that whole Queen of Wall Street/ Democrat mob boss endorsement working out for you?Wikileaks has released another batch of emails. One of those emails is likely from Joel Johnson, the Managing Director of The Glover Park Group, a Washington DC firm specializing in strategic communications and government relationsThe email was sent on Feb. 2, 2016 to John Podesta with the subject matter: Friendly advice. No mercy. From:Joel@gpg.com To: john.podesta@gmail.com Date: 2016-02-22 00:09 Subject: Friendly advice. No mercy.Bernie needs to be ground to a pulp. We can t start believing our own primary bullshit. This is no time to run the general. Crush him as hard as you can. Other than that, hope all is well and congrats on Nevada!Only 4 days ago, The Hill named GPG s Joel Johnson as one their  Top Lobbyists  or  Hired Guns  for 2016:Joel Johnson, The Glover Park GroupClients have a trusted guide in Johnson, a former Clinton administration official who leads the advocacy efforts of the public relations powerhouse.Buzzfeed   In September 2015, Susan Brophy, managing director of the Glover Park Group, emailed top Clinton aide Cheryl Mills on Oct. 4, 2011, telling her that a planned speech before a joint session of Congress by the Korean president was running into some hurdles. Brophy suggested that the State Department could move things along in Congress.The only problem was, Brophy was representing a country she wasn t registered to represent.Foreign Agent Registration Act rules require individual lobbyists to register the clients they represent, and lobbying firms are required to file their contacts on behalf of those clients.Brophy is a former Clinton White House official, and has raised money for Ready for Hillary, a pro-Clinton super PAC that shut down when the former secretary of state announced her presidential campaign. The Clintons attended her wedding to lawyer and diplomat Gerald McGowan in 1998.The speech by then-president Lee Myung-bak did proceed and took place on Oct. 13, 2011.Joel Johnson, a managing director for Glover Park Group, told BuzzFeed News that Brophy had in fact been on the team working on the South Korean account and that she should have been listed as doing so in their FARA documents. She absolutely was working on the account and had been throughout, and the fact that she had somehow not been listed directly as the principal working on the account was an administrative error,  Johnson said.Johnson also said that Brophy  should have reported that that contact had been made to the State Department and for whatever reason that was not included in our list of activities and it should have been, and I ll go back and make sure we do whatever is appropriate to amend that. Blah blah blah Is anyone else sick and tired of the Clinton s and anyone attached to the Clinton s not having to follow the same rules and laws the rest of America is expected to follow, or face the consequences of our actions? We take these reporting requirements seriously and we are as diligent as we ever can be, but in that case there s no question that the email she sent to [Mills] have been included  in the list of contacts Glover Park Group had made on behalf of South Korea, he said.Yep So are we to believe you took Grounding  Bernie to a pulp  seriously? ",0
12540,WOW! Governor Kasich Just Revealed How He Did His Part To Make Hillary Clinton Our Next President,"Ohio Governor John Kasich, who signed a pledge to support the Republican candidate no matter who it was, is clearly not a man of his word. He has been an open crybaby critic of Trump since he found himself polling at 1% while Donald was on a meteoric rise to the top of the GOP ticket. So many of these  sour grapes  GOP contenders who have been outspoken, or have quietly skulked away, refusing to endorse Trump or half-heartedly endorsing him, have lost supporters who would likely have helped them to win their reelection bids in their respective states. America chose their nominee, and politicians like John Kasich chose to put their own petty difference ahead of the American voter by essentially checking the box for  Hillary.  If the polls aren t rigged and Trump cleans up in Ohio, someone s gonna have a little egg on their face John Kasich proudly announced today, that he has written in a vote for the liberal war-hawk, John McCain who got creamed in the general election against Barack Hussein Obama.The Ohio governor s write-in vote for the 2008 GOP nominee, confirmed by a spokesman, won t count. Ohio law requires write-in candidates to file with the secretary of state more than two months before Election Day.With the vote for McCain, Kasich, who failed in his own presidential bid this year, issued a final rebuke of Trump.The Ohio governor has long said he finds Trump s policy positions and behavior troubling. This month, he confirmed he would not vote for the controversial New York billionaire, despite having signed a pledge last year to support the Republican nominee, no matter who it was.  Cincinnatti.com ",0
12541,BREAKING: FINALLY! New Wikileaks Email…”We are going to have to dump all those emails”,"This latest Wikileaks email is evidence of more than just  smoke where Hillary s concerned it places her in the middle of the fire. Will the FBI finally take the appropriate actions and give Hillary the same treatment every other American would receive, if they were caught in a major cover-up and the destruction of evidence while under subpoena? With her hacker-friendly private email servers that appear to have been penetrated by foreign intelligence agencies, Clinton is now in the company of Aaron Burr, Bradley Manning, and Edward Snowden all of whom betrayed the public trust. The failure to hold her accountable is yet more proof that the Clintons are above the law. No matter what they do the legal system always treats them with kid gloves.   FrontpageIn today s, 25th, Wikileaks release of hacked Podesta emails, one of the notable highlights is a March 2, 2015 exchange between John Podesta and Clinton aide Cheryl Mills in which the Clinton Campaign Chair says  On another matter .and not to sound like Lanny, but we are going to have to dump all those emails. The email, which may indicate intent, was sent just days before the NYT story revealing the existence of Hillary s email server, and Hillary s press conference addressing what was at the time, the stunning revelation that she had a personal email account, and server, in her home.Mills  response:  Think you just got your new nick name. It is unclear which Lanny is referred to: the infamous former DOJ staffer Lanny Breuer who quit in January 2013 after telling Frontline that some banks are too big to fail, or, more likely Lanny Davis, special counsel to President Bill Clinton, and spokesperson for the President and the White House on matters concerning campaign-finance investigations and other legal issues.Lanny Davis is the former special counsel for the Clinton White House and one of Clinton s most dogged public defenders. He also referred to the former presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as  nasty.  (So Trump apparently doesn t have the market on that word.) When Clinton s team turned down an April invite from Fox News Sunday to defend her from allegations in Peter Schweitzer s book Clinton Cash, Davis stepped up to the plate, unflinching in his devoted defense of his old boss and his old boss s wife. He also took a co-starring role in the emails from her private server that the State Department has released, regularly offering obsequious praise and imploring her for favors.It is also unclear for now which emails Podesta is referring to in the thread, but Podesta adds:  better to do so sooner than later.  We can hope that a subsequent response, yet to be leaked by Wikileaks, will provide more color.This is the first time that particular exchange has emerged among the Podesta emails.The fact that Mrs. Clinton destroyed email evidence   evidence subject to a congressional subpoena, no less   is already evidence in itself that she obstructed justice through spoliation of evidence. Spoliation means you can take as evidence the fact that evidence has been destroyed. Courts are entitled to draw spoliation inferences and convict an accused person on that basis alone.And in a separate email sent out just days later by Clinton campaign communications director, Jennifer Palmieri, we get yet another confirmation that the president actively mislead the public when he said he didn t know Hillary was using a private email address:Suggest Philippe talk to Josh or Eric. They know POTUS and HRC emailed. Josh has been asked about that. Standard practice is not to confirm anything about his email, so his answer to press was that he would not comment/confirm. I recollect that Josh was also asked if POTUS ever noticed her personal email account and he said something like POTUS likely had better things to do than focus on his Cabinet s email addresses.Perhaps while the DOJ/FBI is taking a second look into Huma Abedin s emails, it can also take a repeat look at some of these, especially the ones involving POTUS.Via   Zero Hedge",0
12542,"BREAKING: HILLARY’S CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN On Close Friend, Top DOJ Official In Hillary FBI Probe: He “Kept Me Of Jail”","It s good to know Hillary s Campaign Chairman has such extraordinary ties with a top official involved in the reopening of Hillary s FBI probe Will this woman ever get the justice she deserves for decades of criminality? With all of her ties and crooked connections, is it even a possibility? The Justice Department official in charge of informing Congress about the newly reactivated Hillary Clinton email probe is a political appointee and former private-practice lawyer who kept Clinton Campaign Chairman John Podesta  out of jail,  lobbied for a tax cheat later pardoned by President Bill Clinton and led the effort to confirm Attorney General Loretta Lynch.Peter Kadzik, who was confirmed as assistant attorney general for legislative affairs in June 2014, represented Podesta in 1998 when independent counsel Kenneth Starr was investigating Podesta for his possible role in helping ex-Bill Clinton intern and mistress Monica Lewinsky land a job at the United Nations. Fantastic lawyer. Kept me out of jail,  Podesta wrote on Sept. 8, 2008 to Obama aide Cassandra Butts, according to emails hacked from Podesta s Gmail account and posted by WikiLeaks.Kadzik s name has surfaced multiple times in regard to the FBI s investigation of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for using a private, homebrewed server. After FBI Director James Comey informed Congress on Thursday the FBI was reviving its inquiry when new evidence linked to a separate investigation was discovered, congressional leaders wrote to the Department of Justice seeking more information. Kadzik replied. We assure you that the Department will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible,  Kadzik wrote on Oct. 31.The DOJ is responsible for approving the bureau s warrant applications and ultimately for convening a grand jury.Fox News has previously confirmed the Justice Department was opposed to Comey making public the latest Clinton revelations. FOX News",0
12543,THREATS TO BUSINESS TO REMOVE TRUMP SIGN Prompts Even Better Pro-Trump Display [Video],"Please go to the BEST MULCH Facebook page and give them a thumbs up!Thank you all for the overwhelming support! We have gone viral! Please feel free to stop by and take pictures with Hillary! She will be out from dusk until dawn!Originally I only had the TRUMP sign posted in front of my business, within 2 hours of the sign being placed out front we received a voice mail from a blocked phone number which is played during the video. I will not be bullied into removing the TRUMP sign simply because it offended someone. My Country is just as important as my business, I will assume that the sign was to large and to high for her to destroy or steal. The voicemail was what prompted me to make the sign more noticeable and take an even more dramatic approach by adding Hilary to the jail cell. #Trump2016 Video by: Michael J Makowski Multimedia",0
12544,WOW! RECKLESS HILLARY’S SENIOR AIDE Left Classified Documents Unattended In Hotel Room During 2010 China Trip,"Every day we learn of a new security breach or criminal act by Hillary, her closest staff members or her campaign. Every American, regardless of party affiliation should be ashamed to have such a reckless, criminal running for the highest office in our nation. An unnamed  senior aide  to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton left classified information unsecured and unattended in a hotel room during a 2010 trip to China, one of several overseas lapses by Clinton s inner circle, Fox News has learned.Confirmation of the alarming violation comes as Clinton herself is under a renewed FBI probe for mishandling sensitive information on a private server and her longtime senior aide, Huma Abedin, also faces scrutiny as part of the investigation. It was not known which of Clinton s aides left the information exposed. In May 2010, Secretary Clinton was on official travel in Beijing, China, accompanied by senior staff. Upon Secretary Clinton s departure, a routine security sweep by Diplomatic Security agents identified classified documents in a staff member s suite,  State Department spokesman John Kirby told Fox News in a statement, issued several weeks after a Freedom of Information Act request was filed with the agency.Diplomatic Security, which protects the Secretary of State in the U.S. and abroad, as well as high-ranking foreign dignitaries and officials visiting the United States, wrote up the incident on a Form 117, while the Marine Security Guards filed a separate formal report, the source said.The information came to light when the FBI was investigating whether Clinton or her staff violated the US Espionage Act by mishandling classified and top secret information.House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., citing a whistleblower who separately came to him with an allegation it was Clinton who left the material out, wrote to the FBI director on Monday asking for more information. I  understand that former Secretary Clinton left classified documents in her hotel room in China and that U.S. Marine Corps security officials filed a report related to the possible compromise of the documents,  Nunes wrote to FBI director James Comey.Additionally, Nunes said an email released in response to a FOIA request described Abedin asking another staffer to remove  burnstuff  Abedin had left in a car during a trip to India.Kirby told Fox News that incident may not have involved classified material. This email exchange does not show that classified information was left in a motorcade car,  Kirby said of that incident.  Sensitive But Unclassified material is routinely disposed of in burn bags. As the regulations state, Sensitive But Unclassified (SBU) and Personally identifiable information (PII) documents are often burned. So it s not accurate that any reference to a document going to a burn bag is a document that includes classified material. As for the China incident, Kirby insisted that Clinton had nothing to do with the matter. To be clear   this was not Secretary Clinton s hotel room and no citation whatsoever was given to Secretary Clinton, nor were any reports written about Secretary Clinton s conduct,  Kirby said in the statement.At the time of the security sweep, the suite was still inside of a Diplomatic Security-controlled area, Kirby said, and under the direct control of a Diplomatic Security agent posted outside the room. Ultimately, Diplomatic Security concluded that classified information had been improperly secured, but that the evidence did not support assigning culpability to any individual. Furthermore, the Diplomatic Security investigation concluded that due to the fact that the documents were found within a Diplomatic Security controlled area, the likelihood that the information was compromised was remote. Leaving out classified or top secret information is a serious offense, a former state department staffer told FoxNews.com. Diplomatic Security and the Marine Security Guard takes exposure of classified information very seriously,  said Jessica Vaughan, director of policy research at the Center for Immigration Studies.  You can lose your security clearance if you re caught more than once, and that means you might lose your job. It s a big deal.    FOX News",0
12545,BOOM! FLORIDA PAPER Makes Unprecedented Apology After “Uncomfortably Sizable Number Of Readers” Complain About Anti-Trump Coverage,"Is this apology too little too late? After one year of bashing Trump, and with only one week left before the election, does this apology really matter now?A central Florida newspaper has apologized to its readers for the decidedly anti-Donald Trump coverage that has been published during the election.The Daily Commercial published an editorial titled  The media, the election and bias  on Oct. 23 that explained the paper is reliant on wire services for much of its election coverage and those reports are weighted heavily against Trump. The Daily Commercial hasn t done enough to mitigate the anti-Trump wave in the pages of this paper,  it wrote.  You deserve a more balanced approach to the coverage of elections and other weighty issues. In what it described as an  open letter  that it described as  part explanation, part reflection and part mea culpa  the paper apologized to its readers.",0
12546,PIN DROP SPEECH BY FATHER OF DAUGHTER Kidnapped And Killed By ISIS: “I have voted for Donald J. Trump!”, ,0
12547,ABSOLUTELY STUNNING VIDEO Shows How One Hacker Can Totally Change The Outcome Of Our Elections [VIDEO],"This video shows the frightening ease with which a hacker is able to completely change the outcome of an election. At the end of the video, Bev Harris, the founder of BlackBoxVoting.org gives a few suggestions about how we can help to fight and identify voter fraud. Please don t let this video discourage you from voting. Not every vote is going to be hacked, and not every precinct is using a GEMS system. If you live in a precinct that has an electronic voting machine, remember you may ask to vote with a paper ballot.Here is the full version of the video that has been shortened (below). The only fault in this video is that Bev Harris is working under the premise that the only people who steal votes are primarily white Republicans.We ve worked as poll challengers in Pontiac, Michigan in a polling place that housed 3 voting precincts. We witnessed unbelievable voter fraud that appeared to be strictly in favor of the Democrat party candidates. Voter fraud is not a Republican, Democrat, Independent, White, Black, Hispanic or Asian issue it s an issue that every American citizen should be concerned about. We should all be willing to take whatever action is necessary to protect the sanctity of our vote. Get involved. Be a poll challenger or poll watcher. Find out if you can be a witness to counting the absentee ballots in your area. Becoming active in thwarting voter fraud has never been more important than it will be in this upcoming election.Here is the shortened version:",0
12548,"BREAKING: SOURCE TELLS HOW Anthony Weiner Accidentally Got The 650,000 Emails The FBI Discovered [Video]", A source close to Anthony Weiner s legal team says it seems the laptop containing the emails was used to backup his estranged wife s Smartphone contacts in the process. The computer apparently backed up all of the emails as well.  ,0
12549,HILLARY’S #1 AIDE HUMA ABEDIN: Ties To Terrorists And 9/11 Funders [Video],Please check out our previous in-depth look at Abedin below:HILLARY S RIGHT-HAND WOMAN: HUMA ABEDIN S Job At A Radical Muslim Journal Calls Into Question Security Clearance For State DepartmentHILLARY S #1 AIDE HUMA ABEDIN: WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW! ,0
12550,YIKES! Former Dem Pollster Makes Bold Prediction: “The Dam Is About To Break” [VIDEO],"Jimmy Carter s Democrat pollster Pat Caddell is predicting a Trump Tsunami, reminiscent of the Carter-Reagan election. Carter was ahead in all of the polls leading up to the election and Reagan shocked the world when he crushed him in a landslide Watch:",0
12551,BREAKING: WORLDSTAR HIP HOP Site Releases Rap Video…Blames “Hypocrite” Hillary For Not Acknowledging Bill Clinton’s Black Son…Doesn’t Care About Blacks [VIDEO],"Here is Danney Williams tragic story. There is something very sweet and sincere about this young man. He comes across as very credible, which is why so many media outlets have been willing to put his story out for everyone to see:What about @danney_williams Black Life. @IAmSteveHarvey @megynkelly @FoxNews @TheView @WendyWilliams @RealDLHughley Re-Tweet#DeadBeatDad pic.twitter.com/BGfMDtTpFR  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) October 12, 2016",0
12552,CNN FIRES BLACK DEM Party Chair: New Wikileaks Email Exposes SECOND Question Donna Brazile Gave To Crooked Hillary In Advance Of Debate,"You just can t make this up! CNN fires black Democrat operative/Chairman for getting caught giving debate question she got from CNN to Hillary prior to the debate. We re just wondering out loud, (since we know its the first logical conclusion the Left would come to) if CNN s management are just a bunch of ugly  racists ?Hillary supporters should be asking themselves why their candidate didn t  out  Brazile when she cheated the system? Update: Politico reports that in yet another statement, CNN spokeswoman Lauren Pratapas said that on Oct. 14, the network accepted Brazile s resignation.Here is the Wikileaks email:In a tweet, Brazile thanked CNN and her former colleagues there. On October 14th, CNN accepted Donna Brazile s resignation as a CNN contributor. (Her deal had previously been suspended in July when she became the interim head of the DNC.  In a tweet, Brazile thanked CNN and her former colleagues there. Thank you @CNN. Honored to be a Democratic Strategist and commentator on the network. Godspeed to all my former colleagues,  she wrote.Thank you @CNN. Honored to be a Democratic Strategist and commentator on the network. Godspeed to all my former colleagues.  Donna Brazile (@donnabrazile) October 31, 2016As we detailed earlier, it seems DNC Chair Donna Brazile is hoping for rescue by a higher power as the net narrows around her lies and obfuscation. Following more examples of Brazile passing debate questions to the Clinton Campaign, CNN spokesperson Lauren Pratapas said in a statement that:CNN  never gave Brazile access to any questions, prep material, attendee list, background information or meetings in advance of a town hall or debate. We are completely uncomfortable with what we have learned about her interactions with the Clinton campaign while she was a CNN contributor. While there has been no official statement from the DNC, here is Donna Brazile s latest tweet Please God, let this end soon  Donna Brazile (@donnabrazile) October 30, 2016 Zero Hedge",0
12553,"BREAKING: WHY DID OBAMA JUST Break Democrat Ranks, Throw Hillary Under The Bus On FBI Investigation?","Of course, we all know that Obama is not a man of integrity or character. There has to be something in it for him. Did FBI Director James Comey cut a deal with Barack? Why is every other Democrat calling for Comey s head? It s unprecedented for Democrats to break ranks on something this important. Stay tuned President Barack Obama does not believe FBI Director James Comey is attempting to influence this year s presidential vote, Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Monday. The President doesn t believe that he s secretly strategizing to benefit one candidate or one political party,  Earnest said.  He s in a tough spot, and he s the one who will be in a position to defend his actions in the face of significant criticism from a variety of legal experts, including individuals who served in senior Department of Justice positions in administrations led by presidents in both parties. The White House had no role in Comey s decision to inform Congress he was investigating new emails related to Hillary Clinton s private server, Earnest added.Earnest said he would neither  defend nor criticize  the decision. He s aiming to preserve the integrity of the review into whether additional emails discovered on a laptop belonging to Anthony Weiner are relevant to an investigation into Clinton s use of a private email server while she was secretary of state.Earnest said that norms about making information public should be followed.Amid outcry about Comey s decision, Earnest called the FBI director a man of  integrity and good character.   CNN ",0
12554,GAY PAYPAL CEO Gives Rousing Speech Endorsing Trump: “What Trump represents isn’t crazy and it isn’t going away” [Video], ,0
12555,HALLOWEEN HORROR: Mom Dresses Her Son Up As Hillary Clinton: “Our 8-year-old son is with you”,"Same-Sex Marriages, 10 Years LaterDGR @DebbersGar Writer producer creative director wife of a lady mom to two master of a pup. Not necessarily in that order.The Backstory: Our 5 yo daughter had no costume. We said: How about HRC? Daughter: Nope. Son: Well someone s gotta be Hillary!",0
12556,LOL! PHOTO Accompanying Google Search Of “Pathological Liar” Says It All,"The truth hurts  The idea that there are people in America who would willingly vote for a person to be our next President, that most of America considers to be a  Pathological Liar  is really quite stunning Why would anyone want to associate  pathological lying  and Hillary Clinton?For more than an hour as of approximately 11:50 p.m. Sunday, a Google search for the terms  pathological lying  was producing a picture of Mrs. Clinton.The picture appears as the illustration for what Google calls a special  featured snippet block  at the top of the page. The snippet quotes from, and includes a link to, the Wikipedia article for  pathological lying. By early Monday morning, the image had been removed from the Google search.Part of what makes the result odd is that while Mrs. Clinton has been accused of dishonesty and dissembling for the entire quarter-century since she became a national political figure as first lady, the Wikipedia article itself doesn t mention her or any specific cases of dishonesty by her.   Washington Times",0
12557,FLASHBACK: AMERICAN PASTOR Tells What Trump Did For His Family While He Was In Iranian Prison,"Another untold story of a random act of kindness by President Donald J. Trump Iranian-American Pastor Saeed Abedini is brimming with gratitude for one U.S. presidential aspirant: Donald Trump.In a surprising revelation, Abedini said Trump helped provide for the needs of his family in Boise, Idaho while he was locked up in an Iranian prison for his faith. The pastor said Trump gave his family $10,000 while he was imprisoned for three and a half years. I am finally free in a free country. Last year on the same day I was sick and in chains for Christ, and now I can vote to choose my next president,  Abedini said in a post on his Facebook page on Sunday. And most amazingly, I can vote for someone that I know fought for me and called my name so many times. He met my family and gave them a $10,000 gift. I think his ideas are more biblical than the other candidates,  he added.In contrast, Abedini said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton did not do or say anything to help secure his release from Iranian prison. The pastor said Clinton never spoke his name or met his family. As a woman who says she stands for women s rights when she was foreign minister, she never contacted my mom, wife, sister or my daughter. She never did anything to help when I was in prison as an American pastor who was detained in Iran as a hostage,  he wrote.Abedini strongly defended Trump from attacks on his character, saying God used flawed men to lead nations in the Old Testament, likening him to King Cyrus of Persia, a figure mentioned more than 30 times in the Bible. According to Bible experts, Cyrus was a great pagan king who ruled Persia from 539 to 530 B.C. Under his rule, Jews were first allowed to return to Israel after 70 years of captivity. In the past few months, we have seen how media is attacking Donald Trump s past. I have even heard so many people said he is not a Christian. Of course, only God knows this for sure, but what I see is God is using him and anointed him. It seems to me that he is the Cyrus of our modern day, but like you and me, he is a flawed man, in the process of spiritual growth,  Abedini said.The pastor pointed out that those who are condemning Trump for his past are forgetting that America is also a nation  saved by grace. When we hear that this candidate or that candidate is not a strong Christian or has a past that disqualifies him to be the President of the United States, my answer is that we are a nation, a people who are also sinners, saved by grace,  he wrote.Last week, Abedini said he already cast an early vote for Trump in the 2016 presidential election.From Abedini s Facebook page:",0
12558,WOW! TREY GOWDY On Harry Reid’s Attack On Jim Comey: “I Didn’t Know Mormons Used Drugs” [Video], ,0
12559,IF THESE CELEBRITIES ARE “With Her” Then Why Is Hillary Paying Them Big Bucks After Performing At Fundraisers?,"Hillary gives pay-to-play a whole new meaning Lady Gaga, Katy Perry and Tony Bennett all have one thing in common every one of them got paid after performing to raise money for Hillary. So are they  with her  or are they only  with her  if she pays up?  Of course, this begs the question,  besides Chelsea, is anybody really  with Hillary ? Pop star Lady Gaga cashed a $21,000 check from Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign, campaign finance records show.Gaga is a public backer of Clinton, and performed at a fundraiser for the former secretary of state at Manhattan s luxurious Plaza Hotel in June 2015, an event that carried a price tag of $2,700 per head.During the fundraiser, Clinton snapped a picture alongside Gaga and singer Tony Bennett, who also performed at the event. The picture shows Gaga holding up a shirt that read,  Yaaas Hillary!  Hillary posted the photo to her Instagram account.Two months after the event, on Aug. 25, 2015, Hillary for American made a $21,088 payment to Mermaid Touring Inc. for  event production  in Los Angeles, California. The company is registered in the state of New York and lists Stefani Germanotta, the birth name of Lady Gaga, as its chief executive officer.Gaga urged her New York-based fans on Twitter to get out and vote for Clinton in the Democratic primaries. Hillary for America s New York primary day blog highlighted the tweet on its website.Tony Bennett, also an open Clinton backer, called the Democratic candidate the  most qualified person to ever run for president  shortly before the New York primaries. He has received two separate payments from the Clinton campaign, Federal Election Commission records show.The first check to Bennett was dated for July 17, 2015 in the amount of $2,052 for  event production  purposes and came one month after the fundraiser.On Jan. 7, 2016 nearly seven months after the fundraiser another check was cut to Bennett in the amount of $4,421, also for  event production. This is not the first time that a celebrity who publicly backs Clinton has received payments from her campaign.The Washington Free Beacon previously reported that pop star Katy Perry s company, Kitty Purry, Inc., was given $70,000 from Hillary for America.In total, $97,561 in payments was dished out between Gaga, Bennett, and Perry from the campaign.Clinton s campaign did not return a request for comment on why the payment was issued to Gaga by press time.  WFB",0
12560,AWESOME MESSAGE TO NEVER-TRUMPERS: “Kiss and make up!”…”The people have chosen!”, ,0
12561,"MULTIPLE FBI OFFICES Investigated Clinton Foundation BRIBERY Charges,“financial crimes or influence-peddling”…DOJ Appeared To Want To Slow Down Or Stop Investigation","A stunning story of corruption, cronyism and cover-ups and oh yeah, the Clinton s FBI investigators from across the country have been following leads into reports of bribery involving the Clinton Foundation. Multiple field offices have been involved in the investigation. A report in Sunday s Wall Street Journal (WSJ) by Devlin Barrett revealed that agents assigned to the New York field office have been carrying the bulk of the work in investigating the Clinton Foundation. They have received assistance from the FBI field office in Little Rock according to  people familiar with the matter, the WSJ reported. Other offices, including Los Angeles and Washington, D.C., have been collecting evidence regarding  financial crimes or influence-peddling. As far back as February 2016, FBI agents made the presentation to the Department of Justice (DOJ), the WSJ s sources stated.  The meeting didn t go well,  they wrote. While some sources said the FBI s evidence was not strong enough, others believed the DOJ had no intention from the start of going any further. Barrett wrote that the DOJ officials were  stern, icy and dismissive of the case. Barrett wrote,  That was one of the weirdest meetings I ve ever been to,  one participant told others afterward, according to people familiar with the matter. It appears there was rift between the FBI and the DOJ about how to move forward with the investigation. Agents in the Washington office were directed to focus on a separate issue related to the actions of former Virginia Governor and Clinton Foundation Board member Terry McAuliffe. Agents inside the FBI believed they could build a stronger case if the investigation of McAuliffe and the foundation were combined.FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe seemed to be caught in the middle of the fight between DOJ officials who appeared to want to slow down or shut down the investigation and FBI agents who were eager to pour more resources into the investigation.Barrett wrote,  Are you telling me that I need to shut down a validly predicated investigation?  Mr. McCabe asked, according to people familiar with the conversation. After a pause, the official replied,  Of course not,  these people said. Some of the WSJ sources told Barrett that a  stand down  order had been given to the FBI agents by McCabe. Others denied that no such order was given.The story gets more complicated when you factor in that McCabe s wife, Dr. Jill McCabe had received a $467,500 campaign contribution in 2015 for a state senate race from McAuliffe.For entire story: Breitbart",0
12562,WHOA! CHICAGO TRIBUNE: “If Nation Was More Important To Democrats Than Power”…They Would “Ask Her To Step Down Now”,"This is hands down the best commentary yet on the Democrats and the crooked, defiant and arrogant Hillary. The Democrats are notorious for being a party that refuses to back down, and they re not backing down now, even if it means losing the respect and trust of an entire nation. Party first. That s how its always been with the Dems, and their circle of protection, including lie after lie that is being told to defend her only proves that there are no exceptions to that rule Has America become so numb by the decades of lies and cynicism oozing from Clinton Inc. that it could elect Hillary Clinton as president, even after Friday s FBI announcement that it had reopened an investigation of her emails while secretary of state?We ll find out soon enough.It s obvious the American political system is breaking down. It s been crumbling for some time now, and the establishment elite know it and they re properly frightened. Donald Trump, the vulgarian at their gates, is a symptom, not a cause. Hillary Clinton and husband Bill are both cause and effect.FBI director James Comey s announcement about the renewed Clinton email investigation is the bombshell in the presidential campaign. That he announced this so close to Election Day should tell every thinking person that what the FBI is looking at is extremely serious.This can t be about pervert Anthony Weiner and his reported desire for a teenage girl. But it can be about the laptop of Weiner s wife, Clinton aide Huma Abedin, and emails between her and Hillary. It comes after the FBI investigation in which Comey concluded Clinton had lied and been  reckless  with national secrets, but said he could not recommend prosecution.So what should the Democrats do now?If ruling Democrats hold themselves to the high moral standards they impose on the people they govern, they would follow a simple process:They would demand that Mrs. Clinton step down, immediately, and let her vice presidential nominee, Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia, stand in her place.Democrats should say, honestly, that with a new criminal investigation going on into events around her home-brew email server from the time she was secretary of state, having Clinton anywhere near the White House is just not a good idea.Since Oct. 7, WikiLeaks has released 35,000 emails hacked from Clinton campaign boss John Podesta. Now WikiLeaks, no longer a neutral player but an active anti-Clinton agency, plans to release another 15,000 emails.What if she is elected? Think of a nation suffering a bad economy and continuing chaos in the Middle East, and now also facing a criminal investigation of a president. Add to that congressional investigations and a public vision of Clinton as a Nixonian figure wandering the halls, wringing her hands.The best thing would be for Democrats to ask her to step down now. It would be the most responsible thing to do, if the nation were more important to them than power. And the American news media   fairly or not firmly identified in the public mind as Mrs. Clinton s political action committee   should begin demanding it.But what will Hillary do?She ll stick and ride this out and turn her anger toward Comey. For Hillary and Bill Clinton, it has always been about power, about the Clinton Restoration and protecting fortunes already made by selling nothing but political influence.She ll remind the nation that she s a woman and that Donald Trump said terrible things about women. If there is another notorious Trump video to be leaked, the Clintons should probably leak it now. Then her allies in media can talk about misogyny and sexual politics and the headlines can be all about Trump as the boor he is and Hillary as champion of female victims, which she has never been.Remember that Bill Clinton leveraged the  Year of the Woman.  Then he preyed on women in the White House and Hillary protected him. But the political left   most particularly the women of the left   defended him because he promised to protect abortion rights and their other agendas.If you take a step back from tribal politics, you ll see that Mrs. Clinton has clearly disqualified herself from ever coming near classified information again. If she were a young person straight out of grad school hoping to land a government job, Hillary Clinton would be laughed out of Washington with her record. She d never be hired.As secretary of state she kept classified documents on the home-brew server in her basement, which is against the law. She lied about it to the American people. She couldn t remember details dozens of times when questioned by the FBI. Her aides destroyed evidence by BleachBit and hammers. Her husband, Bill, met secretly on an airport tarmac with Attorney General Loretta Lynch for about a half-hour, and all they said they talked about was golf and the grandkids.And there was no prosecution of Hillary.That isn t merely wrong and unethical. It is poisonous.And during this presidential campaign, Americans were confronted with a two-tiered system of federal justice: one for standards for the Clintons and one for the peasants.For entire article: Chicago Tribune",0
12563,CROOKED HARRY REID Threatens FBI Director James Comey In Letter…Last Paragraph Of Letter Says It All,"Scumbag Senator Harry Reid (D-NV) lays bare how Democrats handle anyone who opposes them in his arrogant, threatening  letter to FBI Director James Comey. Funny, I don t remember Comey getting a public admonishment from Harry Reid when he essentially let Hillary off the hook. Hillary should ve been taken away in handcuffs, but she walked right back onto the campaign trail without missing a beat. Where was Harry s outrage then? Why wasn t he  reminding  Comey who put him in his powerful position several months ago? The crooked Democrats house of cards is falling and its almost funny (almost) how they re blaming the Russians, Donald J. Trump and now James Comey for their inability to keep their crookedness hidden from the public. The top Democrat in the Senate on Sunday accused FBI director James Comey of violating federal law by showing favoritism to  one political party over another  by publicly stating that he had been made aware of new evidence in the Clinton email investigation. I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act,  Senator Minority Leader Harry Reid s (D-Nevada) letter to Comey reads. Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law,  Reid said.The Democrat also accuses Comey of suppressing negative information related to the Republican presidential candidate   Donald Trump. In my communications with you and other top officials in the national security community, it has become clear that you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump, his top advisors, and the Russian government,  the letter reads. The public has a right to know this information   And yet, you continue to resist calls to inform the public of this critical information,  he said, referring to the  explosive  ties he accuses Trump having with Russia.Reid goes on to accuse Comey of  tarring Secretary Clinton with thin innuendo  by writing his letter to Congress informing the lawmakers of new evidence in the Clinton investigation. You rushed to take this step eleven days before a presidential election, despite the fact that for all you know, the information you possess could be entirely duplicative of the information you already examined which exonerated Secretary Clinton,  he wrote.- NYPHere is the last paragraph of Reid s letter to Comey. In a typical Chicago-like thug tactic, Harry Reid reminds Comey how he got to be the director of the FBI and how he owed Reid more for sticking his wretched old neck out for him:Here is Reid s letter in its entirety to James Comey:",0
12564,BREAKING BOMBSHELL: WEINER IS COOPERATING…FBI Didn’t Need Warrant…NOT Good News For Crooked Hillary [VIDEO],"One can only imagine what kind of relationship Hillary has with her very close top aide s soon to be ex-husband Fox News Sunday reported this morning that Anthony Weiner is cooperating with the FBI, which has re-opened (yes, lefties:  re-opened ) the investigation into Hillary Clinton s classified emails. Watch as Chris Wallace reports the breaking news during the panel segment near the end of the show:https://youtu.be/x13hBwS9q2cAnd the news is breaking while we re on the air. Our colleague Bret Baier has just sent us an e-mail saying he has two sources who say that Anthony Weiner, who also had co-ownership of that laptop with his estranged wife Huma Abedin, is cooperating with the FBI investigation, had given them the laptop, so therefore they didn t need a warrant to get in to see the contents of said laptop. Pretty interesting development. Targets of federal investigations will often cooperate, hoping that they will get consideration from a judge at sentencing. Given Weiner s well-known penchant for lying, it s hard to believe that a prosecutor would give Weiner a deal based on an agreement to testify, unless his testimony were very strongly corroborated by hard evidence. But cooperation can take many forms   and, as Wallace indicated on this morning s show, one of those forms could be signing a consent form to allow investigators to review the contents of devices that they could probably get a warrant for anyway. We ll see if Weiner s cooperation extends beyond that.Via: Red State",0
12565,"DOJ BLOCKED INVESTIGATION AFTER FBI AGENTS Discovered 650,000 Emails: “Pissed Off”","As federal agents prepare to scour roughly 650,000 emails to see how many relate to a prior probe of Hillary Clinton s email use, the surprise disclosure that investigators were pursuing the potential new evidence lays bare building tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee:The Justice Department official was  very pissed off,  according to one person close to Mr. McCabe, and pressed him to explain why the FBI was still chasing a matter the department considered dead.Metadata found on the laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide, suggests there may be thousands of emails sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. It will take weeks, at a minimum, to determine whether those messages are work-related from the time Ms. Abedin served with Mrs. Clinton at the State Department; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe.The new investigative effort, disclosed by FBI Director James Comey on Friday, shows a bureau at times in sharp internal disagreement over matters related to the Clintons, and how to handle those matters fairly and carefully in the middle of a national election campaign.Even as the previous probe of Mrs. Clinton s email use wound down in July, internal disagreements within the bureau and the Justice Department surrounding the Clintons  family philanthropy heated up, according to people familiar with the matter.The latest development began in early October when New York-based FBI officials notified Andrew McCabe, the bureau s second-in-command, that while investigating Mr. Weiner for possibly sending sexually charged messages to a minor, they had recovered a laptop with 650,000 emails. Many, they said, were from the accounts of Ms. Abedin, according to people familiar with the matter.Those emails stretched back years, these people said, and were on a laptop that hadn t previously come up in the Clinton email probe. Ms. Abedin said in late August that the couple were separating.The FBI had searched the computer while looking for child pornography, people familiar with the matter said, but the warrant they used didn t give them authority to search for matters related to Mrs. Clinton s email arrangement at the State Department. Mr. Weiner has denied sending explicit or indecent messages to the teenager.In their initial review of the laptop, the metadata showed many messages, apparently in the thousands, that were either sent to or from the private email server at Mrs. Clinton s home that had been the focus of so much investigative effort for the FBI. Senior FBI officials decided to let the Weiner investigators proceed with a closer examination of the metadata on the computer, and report back to them.FAST FORWARD TO EARLY LAST WEEK: STUNNING!At a meeting early last week of senior Justice Department and FBI officials, a member of the department s senior national-security staff asked for an update on the Weiner laptop, the people familiar with the matter said. At that point, officials realized that no one had acted to obtain a warrant, these people said.Mr. McCabe then instructed the email investigators to talk to the Weiner investigators and see whether the laptop s contents could be relevant to the Clinton email probe, these people said. After the investigators spoke, the agents agreed it was potentially relevant.Mr. Comey was given an update, decided to go forward with the case and notified Congress on Friday, with explosive results. Senior Justice Department officials had warned Mr. Comey that telling Congress would violate policies against overt actions that could affect an election, and some within the FBI have been unhappy at Mr. Comey s repeated public statements on the probe, going back to his press conference on the subject in July.The back-and-forth reflects how the bureau is probing several matters related, directly or indirectly, to Mrs. Clinton and her inner circle.New details show that senior law-enforcement officials repeatedly voiced skepticism of the strength of the evidence in the bureau s investigation of the Clinton Foundation, sought to condense what was at times a sprawling cross-country effort, and, according to some people familiar with the matter, told agents to limit their pursuit of the case.That led to frustrations among some investigators, who viewed FBI leadership as uninterested in probing the charity, these people said. Others involved disagreed sharply, defending FBI bosses and saying Mr. McCabe in particular was caught between an increasingly acrimonious fight for control between the Justice Department and FBI agents pursuing the Clinton Foundation case.It isn t unusual for field agents to favor a more aggressive approach than supervisors and prosecutors think is merited. But the internal debates about the Clinton Foundation show the high stakes when such disagreements occur surrounding someone who is running for president.The Wall Street Journal reported last week that Mr. McCabe s wife, Jill McCabe, received $467,500 in campaign funds in late 2015 from the political action committee of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a longtime ally of the Clintons and, until he was elected governor in November 2013, a Clinton Foundation board member.Mr. McAuliffe had supported Dr. McCabe in the hopes she and a handful of other Democrats might help win a majority in the state Senate. Dr. McCabe lost her race last November, and Democrats failed to win their majority.A spokesman for the governor has said that  any insinuation that his support was tied to anything other than his desire to elect candidates who would help pass his agenda is ridiculous. Dr. McCabe told the Journal,  Once I decided to run, my husband had no formal role in my campaign other than to be  supportive.In February of this year, Mr. McCabe ascended from the No. 3 position at the FBI to the deputy director post. When he assumed that role, officials say, he started overseeing the probe into Mrs. Clinton s use of a private email server for government work when she was secretary of state.FBI officials have said Mr. McCabe had no role in the Clinton email probe until he became deputy director, and by then his wife s campaign was over.But other Clinton-related investigations were under way within the FBI, and they have been the subject of internal debate for months, according to people familiar with the matter.Early this year, four FBI field offices New York, Los Angeles, Washington and Little Rock, Ark. were collecting information about the Clinton Foundation to see if there was evidence of financial crimes or influence-peddling, according to people familiar with the matter.Los Angeles agents had picked up information about the Clinton Foundation from an unrelated public corruption case and had issued some subpoenas for bank records related to the foundation, these people said.The Washington field office was probing financial relationships involving Mr. McAuliffe before he became a Clinton Foundation board member, these people said. Mr. McAuliffe has denied any wrongdoing, and his lawyer has said the probe is focused on whether he failed to register as an agent of a foreign entity.In February, FBI officials made a presentation to the Justice Department, according to these people. By all accounts, the meeting didn t go well.Some said that is because the FBI didn t present compelling evidence to justify more aggressive pursuit of the Clinton Foundation, and that the career public integrity prosecutors in the room simply believed it wasn t a very strong case. Others said that from the start, the Justice Department officials were stern, icy and dismissive of the case. That was one of the weirdest meetings I ve ever been to,  one participant told others afterward, according to people familiar with the matter.Justice Department officials told the FBI at the meeting they wouldn t authorize more aggressive investigative techniques, such as subpoenas, formal witness interviews, or grand-jury activity. But the FBI officials believed they were well within their authority to pursue the leads and methods already under way, these people said.About a week after Mr. Comey s July announcement that he was recommending against any prosecution in the Clinton email case, the FBI sought to refocus the Clinton Foundation probe, with Mr. McCabe deciding the FBI s New York office would take the lead, with assistance from Little Rock.Director James Comey testified before the House Judiciary Committee in September on a variety of subjects including the investigation into former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s email server. The Washington field office, FBI officials decided, would focus on a separate matter involving Mr. McAuliffe. Mr. McCabe had decided earlier in the spring that he would continue to recuse himself from that probe, given the governor s contributions to his wife s former political campaign.Within the FBI, the decision was viewed with skepticism by some, who felt the probe would be stronger if the foundation and McAuliffe matters were combined. Others, particularly senior officials at the Justice Department, felt that both probes were weak, based largely on publicly available information, and had found little that would merit expanded investigative authority.According to a person familiar with the probes, on Aug. 12, a senior Justice Department official called Mr. McCabe to voice his displeasure at finding that New York FBI agents were still openly pursuing the Clinton Foundation probe, despite the department s refusal to allow more aggressive investigative methods in the case. Mr. McCabe said agents still had the authority to pursue the issue as long as they didn t use those methods.The Justice Department official was  very pissed off,  according to one person close to Mr. McCabe, and pressed him to explain why the FBI was still chasing a matter the department considered dead. Are you telling me that I need to shut down a validly predicated investigation?  Mr. McCabe asked, according to people familiar with the conversation. After a pause, the official replied,  Of course not,  these people said.Mr. McCabe s defenders in the agency said that following the call, he repeated the instruction that he had given earlier in the Clinton Foundation investigation: Agents were to keep pursuing the work within the authority they had.Others further down the FBI chain of command, however, said agents were given a much starker instruction on the case:  Stand down.  When agents questioned why they weren t allowed to take more aggressive steps, they said they were told the order had come from the deputy director Mr. McCabe.Others familiar with the matter deny Mr. McCabe or any other senior FBI official gave such a stand-down instruction.For agents who already felt uneasy about FBI leadership s handling of the Clinton Foundation case, the moment only deepened their concerns, these people said. For those who felt the probe hadn t yet found significant evidence of criminal conduct, the leadership s approach was the right response.In September, agents on the foundation case asked to see the emails contained on nongovernment laptops that had been searched as part of the Clinton email case, but that request was rejected by prosecutors at the Eastern District of New York, in Brooklyn. Those emails were given to the FBI based on grants of partial immunity and limited-use agreements, meaning agents could only use them for the purpose of investigating possible mishandling of classified information.Some FBI agents were dissatisfied with that answer, and asked for permission to make a similar request to federal prosecutors in Manhattan, according to people familiar with the matter. Mr. McCabe, these people said, told them no and added that they couldn t  go prosecutor-shopping. Not long after that discussion, FBI agents informed the bureau s leaders about the Weiner laptop, prompting Mr. Comey s disclosure to Congress and setting of the furor that promises to consume the final days of a tumultuous campaign.Read more: WSJ",0
12566,SHOCKER! CLINTON CAMPAIGN MANAGER Gets Grilled By CNN’s Jake Tapper: “She hasn’t been cooperative” [Video], ,0
12567,DRUNKS and EMPTY SEATS: Crooked Hillary Panders To Patrons At Florida Bar…Speaks To Empty Seats In Ft Lauderdale Baptist Church [VIDEO],"The woman whose criminal investigation has been reopened by the FBI is speaking to a sparsely populated black church in Ft. Lauderdale Florida. We are only 9 days away from the election people and this woman still can barely fill a phone booth with legitimate supporters Hillary Clinton at mount olive baptist church Fort Lauderdale pic.twitter.com/czgRUBR9sn  Amy Sherman (@AmySherman1) October 30, 2016Maybe the attendance was low because good Christian people probably have better things to do on a Sunday then go to church to listen to a sociopathic liar or maybe blacks just don t like being insulted by Hillary, like in this email released by Wikileaks.BOMBSHELL Racist Hillary Clinton Calls "" Blacks, Muslims and Rom*** Never Do Wells "" !!#PodestaEmails #TrumpTapes pic.twitter.com/7nJL2fZWjz   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) October 8, 2016Hillary Clinton has just arrived at New Mount Olive Baptist Church in Fort Lauderdale, FL for Sunday church service (of course) pic.twitter.com/McRUE3mCmR  Liz Kreutz (@ABCLiz) October 30, 2016Her speech in church followed an early afternoon stop at a local bar where Hillary was drumming up support from drunks:https://twitter.com/NCSBM/status/792759839495639041",0
12568,SEX OBJECTS FOR HILLARY…Jennifer Lopez Shakes A*S On Stage In Thong For Crooked Hillary…You Can’t Make This Stuff Up! [VIDEO],"Pop star Madonna got raunchy while introducing comedian Amy Schumer at a performance in New York City Tuesday night, promising the crowd sexual favors in exchange for their support of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. If you vote for Hillary Clinton, I will give you a blowjob. OK?  the 58-year-old Rebel Heart singer told an audience at New York s Madison Square Garden Tuesday night.  I m really good. I m not a douche, and I m not a tool. I take my time, I have a lot of eye contact, and I do swallow.   BreitbartWatch the classless Lopez  perform  for Hillary here:.@JLo booty shake @HillaryClinton GOTV concert Miami Florida pic.twitter.com/zrFokjtKpH  Tamara Gitt (@tamaragitt) October 30, 2016And then there s this special act in Lopez s concert for Hillary. Every mom supporting Hillary will want to teach her daughters to try this at home How to spin this.https://t.co/iKfSnjDf7c pic.twitter.com/D0HDStnGiA  Arma Obscurum (@ShootingHipster) October 30, 2016J-Lo campaigns with Hillary at last night's rally in Miami. pic.twitter.com/Dr6yqCdBH8  Steve Milloy (@JunkScience) October 30, 2016And finally, the  Champion of Women  joined da ho and her ex on stage:Hillary Clinton joins Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony on stage https://t.co/jnBiRtZ1BD pic.twitter.com/xNaA2XNLoj  Miami Herald (@MiamiHerald) October 30, 2016 ",0
12569,HILLARY PLAYS VICTIM CARD…Here’s Why That’s NOT A Good Strategy!,"The Clintons always blame somebody else. Now it s FBI Director James Comey s turn to embody their all-purpose bogeyman, the vast right-wing conspiracy. Somebody, sometimes everybody, is out to get them, unfairly of course.The victim card is a Clinton family heirloom, but there are major problems playing it over Comey s sudden reopening of the e-mail probe.Clinton created the mess with her incredibly stupid decision to use a private server as secretary of state. Virtually every major issue dogging her, including her reputation for chronic dishonesty, was started or exacerbated by that decision, including the current one.Even as her top aides remain mystified about why she did it, the result fits the family pattern now that Huma Abedin, her most loyal  body  person, is on the hook. It was, by all accounts, the FBI s criminal investigation into Abedin s pervy husband, Anthony Weiner, that led to the new cache of suspect e-mails found on a computer the couple shared.Clinton is in a no-win situation either way this plays out This is serious and real but the Clintons don t deal well with with serious and real. The live in their own entitled world that s about to come tumbling down on them one way or the other Catherine Herridge had this to say about the FBI:CATHERINE HERRIDGE, FOX NEWS CHIEF INTELLIGENCE CORRESPONDENT: Chris, a law enforcement source tells FOX News that thousands of records are involved. The New York FBI team assessed them as relevant, telling their colleagues on the Clinton e-mail case, quote,  We think we ve come across some documents pertinent to your investigation. Clinton wants the evidence public, which is not standard in ongoing cases.HERRIDGE: A source close to the FBI probe could not recall issuing a subpoena for Abedin s records, adding they did not believe the device shared by Abedin and Weiner was searched by agents. Abedin told the FBI in April that she sent State Department e-mails, including this one from Clinton, to her personal Yahoo account, where it was easier to print. In June, Abedin swore under oath in a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit that she looked through all her devices that could old government e-mail.On Thursday, FBI Director James Comey was briefed on the findings. And that same day, he decided to reinitiate the e-mail case and notify Congress. The director s decision is described to FOX News as driven by the sheer volume of records and the commitment he made under oath.That s the reality IT S BAD!Read more: NYP",0
12570,ANTI-HILLARY HALLOWEEN HOUSE Gets Violent Threats You Won’t Believe…This Woman Is So Brave! [Video],Via: TMZ,0
12571,HOMELESS WOMAN Beaten By Thugs For Hillary After Protecting Trump’s Hollywood Star Speaks Out For Millions Of Forgotten Americans…A MUST READ,"The woman s name is Denise Scott. You can donate to her here.All funds will go to provide Denise care:   Immediate & Affordable Housing   Health Assessment and Medical Treatment   Food Supplies   Winter and Summer Clothing / Shoes / Hygiene Products   Personal Identification Registration as Needed (Licenses, SS Card, Birth Certificate, etc.)   Employment AssistancePlease donate here and pass it on.After Trump saw this horrible video, he asked his attorney to find this woman, he said he wanted to give her a gift..@DiamondandSilk @realDonaldTrump someone please help me locate this woman as Mr. Trump has a gift for her  Michael Cohen (@MichaelCohen212) October 28, 2016The homeless woman seen in this video has allegedly now been identified on Twitter and other social media outlets as Denise Scott..@sandra48050139 with everyone's love and help, this woman will have the last laugh on these thugs  Michael Cohen (@MichaelCohen212) October 28, 2016In 2013, Denise Scott met up with Chris Mack, an outreach worker with JWCH Institute in Los Angeles  Skid Row neighborhood. Denise Scott may be homeless and she may have been forgotten, even ignored by our society, but she believes in Donald J. Trump and she s not afraid to stand up and defend him.  She believes Americans need to take care of their own citizens before allowing illegal aliens to flood our country looking for handouts from our government.Denise Scott may be homeless, but she represents a portion of the silent majority in America who are sick and tired of watching politicians putting their own interests and those of special interest groups and lobbyists  before the American citizens who elected them.Denise Scott shouts angrily over the way America has forgotten her. We don t need no more illegals comin  over here!  she screams from a Skid Row sidewalk littered with chicken bones, paper plates and discarded clothes. Fix the problems in this country! I need a place to live! Christopher Mack, a lead community outreach worker for a health clinic in the heart of Los Angeles  Skid Row, squats next to her. He softly tells her to calm down, to breathe, to remember to see her case worker in the morning about housing.He also wants to know if she has health insurance.But Scott, who will turn 61 soon and has lived on Skid Row for 18 months, is in no mood to hear sweet talk. She s bone thin. Her sweater is ripped and riddled with holes. Her clothes and important papers are squashed into various size bags all around her. Tears of frustration drip down her face. I m not a racist,  she tells Mack apologetically,  But I can t go to Mexico to get a house and you can t find me a place to live here. Today is not Scott s day, Mack determines. She is too angry. Despite the fact that she and many others will qualify for health insurance by the end of the year under requirements of the Affordable Care Act, finding a place to live, not health care, is Scott s priority. So Mack will try again another time.The encounter demonstrates how difficult it can be to provide health coverage to some of the most destitute, even those who qualify for free or subsidized plans. Some of them say that simply trying to survive or find a roof over their heads takes precedence even over caring for their own health.   Daily News ",0
12572,TWO TOP Media Leftists DESTROY The Clintons: “They’ve spent their whole lives searching for cash”…Chelsea’s Just As Bad, ,0
12573,DEMOCRATS CAUGHT Paying Halfway House Patients $300 To Vote For Hillary [VIDEO],A lawless party whose end always justifies the means Why wouldn t everyone want another lawless President residing over our nation from a party with no morals or respect for the laws of our nation?https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU7/status/792465012585406464,0
12574,WHY IS ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT VOTING A Legal Possibility In Some Cities Across America?,"Bloomberg takes a look at cities that are doing just that:The latest is San Francisco, where the Nov. 8 ballot will include a measure allowing the parents or legal guardians of any student in the city s public schools to vote in school board elections. The right would be extended to those with green cards, visas, or no documentation at all.  One out of three kids in the San Francisco unified school system has a parent who is an immigrant, who is disenfranchised and doesn t have a voice,  says San Francisco Assemblyman David Chiu, the son of Taiwanese immigrants.  We ve had legal immigrants who ve had children go through the entire K-12 system without having a say.  Undocumented immigrants should also have the right, Chiu adds, to bypass the  broken immigration system in this country.  Noncitizen voting isn t as radical as it might sound. For more than half of U.S. history, from 1776 until the 1920s, noncitizens were widely permitted to participate in elections.  We had 40 states that used to allow it,  says Ron Hayduk, an associate professor of political science at San Francisco State University.  Immigrants could vote, not just in local elections,  he says.  They could even run for office and did win office.  The hope, Hayduk says, was that immigrants would feel more invested in civic life if they were able to participate in American democracy. That tradition was washed away by the wave of widespread anti-immigrant sentiment that followed World War I. In 1921 and 1924, Congress passed laws severely restricting immigration numbers, cutting arrivals from about 1 million newcomers per year to about 150,000. It was also a time when the nature of American elections was changing. Women were granted the vote in 1920, vastly expanding the franchise, and third-party populist and labor movements were challenging both the Republican and Democratic parties.  Immigrant voting was a kind of casualty of not only anti-immigrant backlash but partisan fights over what election rules should be,  Hayduk says. In 1926, Arkansas was the last state to end noncitizen voting. Decades later, in 1996, Congress passed legislation making it a crime for noncitizens to vote in federal elections.Today there are six jurisdictions in Maryland that let noncitizens vote in local elections.Chicago allows them to take part in elected parent advisory councils but not to vote in school board elections. Four towns in Massachusetts have moved to allow noncitizen voting and are awaiting state approval.And in New York City, where noncitizens make up 21 percent of the voting-age population, the city council is drafting legislation that would allow more than 1.3 million legal residents to take part in municipal elections. The city previously allowed noncitizens to vote in school board elections, but that ended when New York s school boards were dissolved in 2002. San Francisco has tried in the past to grant noncitizens access to school board elections. A 2004 measure narrowly failed, with 51 percent voting against it.  There was an opposition campaign at that time,  Chiu says. He sponsored another ballot measure in 2010, which also failed. This time, Chiu says, he s hoping for a victory.",0
12575,TRUMP LEAVES CLINTON PUPPET George Stephanopoulos Wishing He Wouldn’t Have Asked That Question…[VIDEO],"The days of the leftist media controlling the narrative are officially over Donald Trump and Melania Trump held and interview with George Stephanopoulos from ABC News. Stephanopoulos always tries to come across as some sort of intellectual non-biased journalist but this is far from the truth.Stephanopoulos worked for the Clintons in the 1990 s and was the White House communications Director from 1992 through 1996.George also donated to the Clinton Foundation and was noted in WikiLeaks as one of the many media  journalists  doing all they can to get Hillary elected.But he got Trumped   at the 18 min 40 second mark of the interview he asks Trump if he would have done anything different and Trump s response was epic.George Stephanopoulos: When you look back over the sweep of this campaign, going back to last June, is there anything you regret?Donald Trump: Oh absolutely I would have loved to have done certain things over but you can t. You can t. But that s true in life. I would have loved to have done in life certain things over I guess. And you would have too.George Stephanopoulos: Give me one.Donald Trump: You would loved not to have contributed to the Clinton Foundation as an example. There are things you wish you wouldn t do  But George all you can do is put your head down and move forward.   Gateway Pundit",0
12576,WHY DIDN’T THE FBI Look At Huma Abedin’s Shared Computer The First Time Around?,"Why didn t the FBI look at Huma s shared computer the first time around? Whether the FBI demanded Clinton s aides turn over personal devices and any they shared with their partners when it launched the investigation in July 2015 is not clear. Detectives are investigating emails on a computer shared by Clinton s former Chief of Staff, Huma Abedin, and her husband Anthony Weiner.In a deposition in June, Abedin said she conducted  the majority  of her work at her computer and Blackberry. She said she turned over two laptops, a Blackberry and some  files  she found in her apartment to her attorneys when requested as part of a lawsuit by the conservative watchdog Judicial Watch.The FBI later said in its 47-page report that Abedin and others used their private server email accounts when traveling. It previously mentioned the use of cell phones, Blackberrys and iPads but there is no mention of personal computers or laptops. Some of the devices, including 13 phones, were never turned over because the FBI  could not locate  them.John Podesta, Clinton s campaign chairman, said on Saturday Abedin had the campaign s full support.  Huma completely and voluntarily complied with and cooperated with the investigation. She sat for a hours long interview. She turned over and went through with her lawyers all of the emails that might possibly be relevant and turned them over to the state department and investigators.  There s absolutely nothing she s done that we think calls into question anything that she s done. The reopening of the investigation was prompted by detectives probing Anthony Weiner s explicit exchanges with a 15-year-old girl, The New York Times reported. They seized the laptop for the purposes of their separate investigation. What will be determined is if classified information obtained by Abedin could have been accessed on the computer. Disclosing classified information to anyone who does not have a high enough security clearance to view it is a crime punishable by up to 10 years in jail.JOHN PODESTA MIGHT WANT TO READ THIS: Abedin s  I did not recall  claim was believed by Comey and he didn t look furtherSkeptical agents showed Abedin three separate email exchanges she had with an IT staffer regarding the operation of the private Clinton server during Clinton s tenure at State. Abedin claimed she  did not recall  the email exchanges.So if you believe Abedin, she didn t know the private clintonemail.com server that hosted her huma@clintonemail.com account even existed until she heard about it in the news. Comey was a believer; he didn t even bother to call her back for further questioning. Case closed.But Abedin s role in this caper begs for fresh scrutiny. Making false statements to a federal agent is a felony. So is mishandling classified information.By forwarding classified emails to her personal email account and printing them out at home, Abedin appears to have violated a Classified Information NonDisclosure Agreement she signed at the State Department on Jan. 30, 2009, in which she agreed to keep all classified material under the control of the US government.Read more: Daily MailRead more:: NYP",0
12577,BREAKING: DEVICE THAT BUSTED HILLARY CLINTON Discovered To Have Tens Of Thousands Of Emails,"Here s why Clinton and Abedin should be flipping out: Multiple State employees  told the FBI that they considered emailing Abedin  the equivalent of e-mailing Clinton.  Another close Clinton aide told the FBI that  Abedin may have kept emails that Clinton did not. The electronic device shared by Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin and husband Anthony Weiner on which the FBI found more Clinton emails was a laptop and it contained tens-of-thousands of emails, a senior law enforcement official told Fox News on Saturday.The FBI announced Friday that it had restarted an investigation into emails Clinton sent on a private server system while secretary of state, as a result of a probe into Abedin s husband, disgraced New York Democratic Rep. Anthony Weiner,  sexting,  of sending sexually-suggestive electronic messages, to a teenage girl.The law enforcement official told Fox News that the laptop had  five digits  of emails, meaning tens-of-thousands of them. However, federal investigators remain unclear whether Abedin or Weiner own the laptop.The FBI conducted a roughly two-year investigation into Clinton s use of a private server system, finding several emails marked as classified and concluded that she had been  extremely careless.  However, the agency did not find evidence that Clinton had been criminally negligent and did not recommend criminal charges to the Justice Department.People familiar with the case say it was restarted by the FBI because the agency thought the new emails were  pertinent to the investigation. The source also told Fox News that law enforcement officials think it s highly unlikely that all of the new-found emails are duplicates, as the Clinton campaign has suggested.Read more: FOX News",0
12578,WHOA! FBI’S COMEY DEFIED DOJ’S LORETTA LYNCH In Sending Letter To Congress…This Just Got Uglier!,"FBI Director James Comey defied his boss s instructions when he told Congress he will reopen the probe into Hillary Clinton private e-mail server, according to a report on Saturday.Attorney General Loretta Lynch asked Comey to follow past Justice Department policies and not do anything to meddle in an election   but he felt compelled to do so anyway, because he promised to update Congress with any developments in the case, an Administration official told the New Yorker.Comey   a Republican who was appointed by President Obama   also felt that the upcoming election was precisely why the public needed to be informed, the source added.Lynch and Justice Department officials are now studying the unprecedented situation, the Administration source told the publication.A former senior Justice Department official called Comey s Friday letter to Congress  aberrational,  and said it  violates decades of practice. Read more: NYP",0
12579,THREE THEORIES On Why FBI’s Comey Reopened Clinton Email Probe…Why Now?,"NBC reports:The FBI is reviewing a new batch of Hillary Clinton emails, bureau director James Comey said in a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee on Friday: In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation   I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation,  he wrote.The very first thing to note is that Comey made no mention of a grand jury. The emails whose existence he learned of may have been the result of a subpoena in another investigation (Anthony Weiner). It was announced ten days ago that grand jury would be convened to investigate Weiner s sexting  by the end of the month.  The timing of Comey s letter strongly suggests that the devices containing new emails were obtained through a grand jury subpoena, with no immunity deals or evidence destruction needed. If that is the case, further subpoenas are quite possible, a tool that was left unused in the investigation to date.There are 3 competing theories as to why he might be doing this now that come to mind. He might be seeking to restore his badly damaged reputation, recognizing that the damage he has inflicted on the FBI is substantial. Three days ago, American Thinker published an open letter from a retired FBI Agent, Hugh Galyean, that laid out some of the damage Comey has inflicted on the institution he leads. There is little doubt that this reached many in the FBI family, putting in print what people have only whispered about. If those silenced voices start speaking out, Comey could face a serious loss of face. In this scenario, he is heading off a staff rebellion, possibly including mass resignations.  Rush Limbaugh today discussed an alternative theory, that by announcing an FBI Investigation resuming, Comey is putting a lid on further attention to Wikileaks. I guess this means that Clinton forces will argue we must wait for the investigation to be complete (after the election) before speaking about what the evil Russians are planting into our politics.  It is possible that something so dramatic came up in the pertinent emails that postponing a public reaction by not announcing the reopening of the investigation would, be regarded as political interference by covering up a smoking gun until after the election. In this scenario, Comey is assuming the evidence cannot be suppressed, and that he would be held accountable after it comes out.This scenario also indicates that we could be headed for a constitutional crisis, involving the possible indictment of a president-elect before an election. Or the evidence being turned over to the House of Representatives for impeachment hearings. Read more: American Thinker",0
12580,OH MY! ANOTHER GIANT FLY Lands On Hillary Clinton’s Face Mid-Speech [Video], ,0
12581,"NON-AMERICAN, Wife Of US Citizen ARRESTED In Texas After Voting 5 Times!","Imagine how many more of these  non-americans  are voting in our elections who haven t been caught! A Texas woman, who is not a citizen of the United States, was arrested Friday for having illegally voted in Dallas County   five times.Rosa Maria Ortega, 35, is presently a resident of the Tarrant County Jail, where she is being held on a $10,000 bond, according to the Dallas-Fort Worth NBC affiliate Channel 5 News, which reported:Ortega is married to an American and is living legally in this country, but is not a citizen and therefore, not qualified to vote, said Harry White, who supervises public integrity and white collar crime investigations for the Tarrant County District Attorney.Ortega applied to vote in Tarrant County and acknowledged on the application form that she was not a citizen, White said. The county rejected her application and notified her she was not qualified to vote.Having learned her lesson that only American citizens may vote in Texas, she re-applied five months later, this time claiming to be a U.S. citizen.Although Ortega never voted in Tarrant country, records indicate that she did so five times in neighboring Dallas county   the earliest in a 2004 Republican primary, the latest in the 2014 Republican primary.Her charges   illegal voting   is a second degree felony, punishable by a two to 20 year prison sentence.A running battle between Republicans and Democrats is centered on voter ID laws. More than 30 states currently have some form of voter ID requirement.Republicans claim that such laws are necessary as a protection against voter fraud.Democrats claim stories of voter fraud are overblown and voter ID laws amount to voter suppression.   Biz Pac Review",0
12582,WHOA! 2006: HILLARY CLINTON CAUGHT Expressing Regret About Not Rigging Palestinian Elections,"Crooked Hillary has always been crooked. She s just been better than anyone America s ever seen at not getting caught On September 5, 2006, Eli Chomsky was an editor and staff writer for the Jewish Press, and Hillary Clinton was running for a shoo-in re-election as a U.S. senator. Her trip making the rounds of editorial boards brought her to Brooklyn to meet the editorial board of the Jewish Press.The tape was never released and has only been heard by the small handful of Jewish Press staffers in the room. According to Chomsky, his old-school audiocassette is the only existent copy and no one has heard it since 2006, until today when he played it for the Observer.The tape is 45 minutes and contains much that is no longer relevant, such as analysis of the re-election battle that Sen. Joe Lieberman was then facing in Connecticut. But a seemingly throwaway remark about elections in areas controlled by the Palestinian Authority has taken on new relevance amid persistent accusations in the presidential campaign by Clinton s Republican opponent Donald Trump that the current election is  rigged. Speaking to the Jewish Press about the January 25, 2006, election for the second Palestinian Legislative Council (the legislature of the Palestinian National Authority), Clinton weighed in about the result, which was a resounding victory for Hamas (74 seats) over the U.S.-preferred Fatah (45 seats). I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake,  said Sen. Clinton.  And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win. Chomsky recalls being taken aback that  anyone could support the idea offered by a national political leader, no less that the U.S. should be in the business of fixing foreign elections. Some eyebrows were also raised when then-Senator Clinton appeared to make a questionable moral equivalency.For entire story: Observer",0
12583,VOTING MACHINES FOR HILLARY! MD Woman Reports Voting Straight Ticket…Watched Machine Flip To Hillary [VIDEO],"A woman in Hollywood, Maryland is the latest in a number of early voters to claim that her ballot was switched to Hillary Clinton after she had tried to vote for Donald Trump.Maryland Trump Supporter: They Switched My Vote to Hillary   https://t.co/FkNiEUOZHH pic.twitter.com/dalY9KBWtj  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) October 28, 2016Noting that she had seen reports on the news of votes being flipped, the woman said,  I went in and voted a straight Republican ticket and thank God I went back and checked and they had switched my vote from Trump to (Hillary).  She said that she had to get the vote changed back by alerting election officials, who simply told her to vote for a second time.  I went back the second time and made sure they didn t change it,  she concluded.  As we reported earlier this week, voters in numerous areas of Texas have made a series of complaints that votes are being switched from Trump to Clinton.One election official responded by claiming the problems were caused by voters not understanding how to use the machines properly. Typically, we ve found it s voter error with the equipment,  Frank Phillips, Tarrant County s election administrator, told WFAA.  Sometimes they vote straight party and then click on other candidates   or do something with the wheel .There is not an issue with the equipment. However, Trump supporters continue to point to the reports as evidence that vote fraud may be taking place.   InfoWars ",0
12584,CLINTON SUPPORTER CARL BERNSTEIN : FBI Found A “Real Bombshell” [Video], ,0
12585,A VOTE FOR HILLARY IS A VOTE FOR WW III: Are You ‘With Her’ Nuclear Holocaust? [Video], ,0
12586,BUSTED! STATE OFFICIALS Bust Voter Fraudsters In Cases Across America…Exposes Illegal Moves By Workers,"A 74-year-old woman tasked with opening envelopes sent by Miami-Dade County voters with their completed mail ballots was arrested Friday after co-workers caught her illegally marking ballots, resulting in an unknown   but small   number of fraudulent votes being cast for mayoral candidate Raquel Regalado.Investigators linked Gladys Coego, a temporary worker for the county elections department, to two fraudulent votes, but they suspect from witness testimony that she submitted several more.Coego, of Westchester, turned herself in to the Turner Guilford Knight Correctional Center on Friday morning. She was charged with two felony counts of marking another person s ballot. Coego was released after posting a $10,000 bond.In a separate election-fraud case, authorities also arrested a second woman Friday on charges of unlawfully filling out voter-registration forms on behalf of United for Care, the campaign to legalize medical marijuana in Florida.The Miami-Dade state attorney s office accused Tomika Curgil, 33, of filling out forms for five people without their consent. She also submitted at least 15 forms for people who apparently don t exist   and several forms for people who are dead.Police officers arrested Curgil at her Liberty City home Friday morning and charged her with five felony counts of submitting false voter-registration information. Her bond was set at $125,000. Read more: Miami HeraldHERE S ANOTHER CASE FROM TEXAS:A TEXAS WOMAN VOTED 5 TIMES:A Texas woman, who is not a citizen of the United States, was arrested Friday for having illegally voted in Dallas County   five times. Rosa Maria Ortega, 35, is presently a resident of the Tarrant County Jail, where she is being held on a $10,000 bond, according to the Dallas-Fort Worth NBC affiliate Channel 5 News, which reported:Ortega is married to an American and is living legally in this country, but is not a citizen and therefore, not qualified to vote, said Harry White, who supervises public integrity and white collar crime investigations for the Tarrant County District Attorney.Ortega applied to vote in Tarrant County and acknowledged on the application form that she was not a citizen, White said. The county rejected her application and notified her she was not qualified to vote.Having learned her lesson that only American citizens may vote in Texas, she re-applied five months later, this time claiming to be a U.S. citizen. Although Ortega never voted in Tarrant country, records indicate that she did so five times in neighboring Dallas county   the earliest in a 2004 Republican primary, the latest in the 2014 Republican primary.Her charges   illegal voting   is a second degree felony, punishable by a two to 20 year prison sentence. ",0
12587,GUESS WHO Predicted Weiner Would “Tell The World” About Hillary’s Crimes?, ,0
12588,WILL SEXTING By Anthony Weiner Finally Bring Down Hillary Clinton?,"WASHINGTON   Federal law enforcement officials said Friday that the new emails uncovered in the closed investigation into Hillary Clinton s use of a private email server were discovered after the F.B.I. seized electronic devices belonging to Huma Abedin, a top aide to Mrs. Clinton, and her husband, Anthony Weiner.The bureau told Congress on Friday that it had uncovered new emails related to the Clinton case   one federal official said they numbered in the thousands   potentially reigniting an issue that has weighed on the presidential campaign and offering a lifeline to Donald J. Trump less than two weeks before the election.In a letter to Congress, the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, said that emails had surfaced in an unrelated case, and that they  appear to be pertinent to the investigation. Mr. Comey said the F.B.I. was taking steps to  determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.  He said he did not know how long it would take to review the emails, or whether the new information was significant.Donald Trump seized on the F.B.I. action on Friday at a rally in New Hampshire. To cheers of  lock her up  from his supporters, Mr. Trump said:  Hillary Clinton s corruption is on a scale we have never seen before. We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office. After deriding the F.B.I. for weeks as inept and corrupt, Mr. Trump went on to praise the law enforcement agency.  I have great respect for the fact that the F.B.I. and the D.O.J. are now willing to have the courage to right the horrible mistake that they made,  Mr. Trump said.  This was a grave miscarriage of justice that the American people fully understand. It is everybody s hope that it is about to be corrected. Read more: NYT",0
12589,"TRUMP LETS LOOSE ON CROOKED HILLARY: “FBI Is ReOpening Case Into Her Criminal And Illegal Conduct That Threatens The Security Of The United States Of America”…NH Crowd Erupts, “LOCK HER UP” [VIDEO]"," Hillary Clinton s corruption is on a scale we have never seen before. We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office. I have great respect for the fact that the FBI and the DOJ are now willing to have the courage to right the horrible mistake that they made. This was a grave miscarriage of justice that the American people fully understood, and it is everybody s hope, that it is about to be corrected. MUST WATCH!! Donald Trump in NH Announces FBI Director James Comey Re Opening Hillary Clinton Criminal Case! Crowd Goes Wild! #FridayFeeling pic.twitter.com/Q7sOjqEVLd   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) October 28, 2016",0
12590,"BREAKING: FBI DIRECTOR JAMES COMEY Re-Opens Investigation Of Hillary’s Private Server, As New Details Emerge","The Federal Bureau of Investigations will reopen the investigation into Hillary Clinton s use of a private email server exclusively during her time as Secretary of State.In a letter to Congress, FBI director James B. Comey revealed that the bureau had learned of more emails connected to the investigation. I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed by on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation,  Comey wrote.Previously, Comey testified that the investigation was closed, but said that  recent developments  caused him to  supplement  his testimony.Comey did not give a timeline for the conclusion of the investigation.House oversight committee chairman Jason Chaffetz reacted to the news on Twitter.FBI Dir just informed me, ""The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation."" Case reopened  Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016 Case reopened,  he commented, citing Comey s letter.Via: Breitbart",0
12591,IF HILLARY GETS ELECTED…She’s Got Big Plans For Gropin’ Joe Biden,"Vice President Joe Biden has reportedly been added to a potential shortlist of Hillary Clinton s choices for secretary of state if she were to be elected president in November.The Clinton campaign has not formally reached out to Biden but has put him at the top of its list, Politico reported, citing a source familiar with the matter.Biden, a former chair of the Senate Foreign Relations committee, has played an integral role in President Obama s foreign policy decisions and the Clinton team believes he would be a good fit for her administration.Biden and Clinton have known each other since her days as first lady and worked together while Clinton was secretary of state. Their relationship somewhat soured last summer, though, as Biden s political team gamed out a possible presidential run.",0
12592,"CAMPAIGN VOLUNTEERS Deliver Opposing Messages: Support A Lawless Nation Or Vote To Restore Law And Order, Honor Our Veterans","ILLEGAL ALIENS WHO CAN T Vote Are Knocking On Doors For HILLARY While Veterans Campaign For Trump They broke the law or their parents broke the law to enter our country illegally. Of course, they had the same opportunity to apply for citizenship and become legal citizens of the United States as every other legal immigrant, but they chose instead to ignore our laws. Now they re campaigning for Hillary so they don t lose their ability to take advantage of all the benefits legal American citizens enjoy. On the other side of the spectrum, men and women who ve served our nation are out campaigning for the only candidate who is making the care of our veterans one of his top priorities Unable to vote in the presidential election, a group of undocumented immigrants is knocking on doors in Northern Virginia in support of Hillary Clinton and other Democratic candidates, convinced that the outcome of the vote will determine whether they can secure a path to citizenship in the country they have known since childhood.The vote-seekers are some of the 750,000 recipients of temporary legal status under the Obama administration s 2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. They are acutely aware that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has pledged to deport the nation s 11 million illegal immigrants and that under a GOP-controlled Congress, past attempts at immigration reform have failed. All DACA recipients should take this on as an added responsibility, to change the power structure,  said Luis Angel Aguilar, 28, who received his protected status in 2013 and is helping to coordinate the effort.  Our voices need to be heard,  he said.Four years after the DACA program was launched, many of the beneficiaries are still in a kind of limbo, unsure about whether their status would be renewed under a President Trump and concerned that their family members could be deported.The uncertainty was underscored earlier this year when the U.S. Supreme Court let stand a federal court injunction against an expanded version of DACA and Obama s Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents program, which could benefit an additional 4 million people. The only way to resolve this is through the election,  said Kim Propeack, political director of CASA In Action.  There s been a recent uptick of despair and energy around that 4-4 vote.   WP They [veterans] fought hard to protect us, they are going to come first in a Trump administration.    Donald J. TrumpOn July 11, 2016 Trump spoke before  We need to clean up the corruption in government and Hillary Clinton will never be able to do it. She s incompetent and has proven time and time again that she doesn t have what it takes. Doesn t have it,  Trump said.  Crooked Hillary Clinton, sadly, is the secretary of the status quo, and wherever Hillary Clinton goes, corruption and scandal follow.  Included in Trump s 10-point plan for reform at the Department of Veterans Affairs is a proposal to establish a White House hotline, to be answered not by a computer but by a human being, to field complaints about the department. The hotline would ensure that every complaint is dealt with, Trump said, and any issue left unaddressed would be brought directly to the president himself, so that he could personally deal with it.Military Times   Republican operatives are confident that if they turn out veterans, they ll turn out more votes for Trump. Being a veteran, your skin s a lot thicker,  said Mendoza, 24, who noted that he s both Hispanic and a veteran.  It conditions you to seeing that bigger world and seeing past what someone says off the cuff. The instant bond that veterans form with each other often defuses tension inherent in political canvassing and opens doors that would otherwise be closed, said Bob Carey, a former Navy captain and the RNC s veterans outreach director. But their political utility goes beyond that.  Veterans have a disproportionate ability to gain the trust of any voter,  Carey said.  The military is the last institution that has the trust and respect of the general public. Veterans vote at a higher rate than civilians, but younger veterans are less likely to vote than their peers. That s no surprise to Staab. He was deployed to southern Iraq in 2008 where his unit received mail once a month and had to create a base virtually from scratch at an abandoned air field. He didn t even remember to vote in the presidential election back home.Many veterans feel out of place after returning from war, and Staab and Mendoza, who returned from Iraq more recently are no exception. Mendoza is still dizzied by the carefree way some of his fellow students act.  People take being a citizen for granted,  he said.Staab now runs the GOP s Reno office and has recruited Mendoza and a cadre of veteran volunteers to call other veterans and knock on their doors. In Nevada, the veterans outreach has a dual purpose   helping Trump and also the GOP s senate candidate, Rep. Joe Heck, a brigadier general in the Army reserves.",0
12593,REVEALED: HILLARY’S OVER-THE-TOP Spending During State Department Reign Will Blow Your Mind,"CLINTON S STATE DEPARTMENT WASTE AND MISMANAGEMENTThese are all State Department expenditures during her tenure: $5.4 million on a no-bid contract for Crystal Stemware $167.5 million on cost overruns at the Embassy in Kabul, Afghanistan Over $200 million on mostly unused police training facilities in Iraq $79,000 to buy copies of President Obama s books $53,000 to polish marble at the Brazilian Embassy $630,000 to try to make State Department Facebook pages more popular $216,000 to hire an event planner for a 4th of July party in Madrid $88,000 to send three comedians to India more than $250,000 to purchase art in Mexico $410,000 to purchase art in China",0
12594,BREAKING: CLINTON CHAIRMAN’S SISTER-IN-LAW Lobbied Clinton’s State Department…Earned Six Figure Income,"Amid the tumult of the 2016 presidential campaign, John Podesta is best known as Hillary Clinton s campaign chairman and the individual from whose private account WikiLeaks is presently publishing some 50,000 hacked emails.Released in daily batches, these documents have laid bare the inner workings and tensions of the Clinton campaign in an unprecedented way, while also offering insights into the operations of the Clinton Foundation and the State Department in the years when Clinton, now the Democratic presidential nominee, served as secretary of state.At that time, when Clinton was traveling to a record number of foreign countries, Podesta, a former White House chief of staff under President Clinton, held dual titles at the State Department: as a senior advisor   entitled to an annual salary of $130,000 never paid him, the department maintains   and as a member of a prestigious foreign policy advisory board Secretary Clinton created. Records obtained from the U.S. Office of Personnel Management show Podesta s tenure at State extended from Sept. 25, 2011 to Jan. 4, 2014.For several months in 2012, Clinton s final year as secretary of state, Raytheon, the leading defense contractor, hired Podesta s sister-in-law, Heather Podesta, as a lobbyist, federal records show.Raytheon was looking to enlarge its share of foreign military sales   transfers of advanced weapons systems to other countries that are reviewed and approved by the Department of State, then implemented by the Department of Defense   and was beefing up its lobbying operation to accomplish that goal before Secretary Clinton left office.On the LD-2 lobbying disclosure form completed by her company, Heather Podesta + Partners, LLC, in July 2012, the veteran lawyer and Democratic fundraiser listed in the space provided for a description of her lobbying activities,  Engaged the Executive Branch on the economic benefits of foreign military sales.  In the space requesting the specific locales of her lobbying, Ms. Podesta listed the White House and the State Department.At the same time, Raytheon retained two other lobbyists, John Merrigan and Matt Bernstein, both associated with the powerhouse D.C. law firm DLA Piper. All three of these lobbyists, including Ms. Podesta, were major donors or bundlers to Hillary Clinton s 2008 and 2016 campaigns. Federal records show they have raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for Clinton s campaigns and earned hundreds of thousands of dollars lobbying her State Department.In the final three quarters of 2012, DLA Piper earned some $360,000 in lobbying fees from Raytheon, courting the State Department and other agencies, while Ms. Podesta, within that same time frame, received $100,000 from Raytheon for the same purpose.The gambit appears to have worked: Records maintained by the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, the arm of the Defense Department that coordinates the transfers of weapons systems once they have received State s approval, show Raytheon as a prime contractor in at least seventeen foreign military sales in 2012, worth an estimated total of $26 billion. Of those contracts, three with the Gulf nation of Qatar   for missile defense, Apache attack helicopters and other materiel   accounted for $19 billion.READ MORE: FOX NEWS ",0
12595,"LOL! HOW TO TRIGGER A LIBERAL On Halloween: “Make Your Costume The Most Tasteless, Triggering Sh*t…And Post It All Over Social Media” [VIDEO]",It probably explains why we love this guy so much!***Strong language warning***,0
12596,LEAKED: Hillary Drunk In The Afternoon…Needs To “Sober Up Some”,"An Aug. 8, 2015, email exchange between Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and communications aide Jennifer Palmieri revealed the two discussing whether to call Hillary and  sober her up some. Should I call her and talk this through or better leave with you?  Podesta asked at 2 p.m.  I m worried she ll get on with Cheryl [Mills] and we ll end up in a bad place. It took Palmieri two hours to respond to Podesta s question. I think you should call her and sober her up some,  she said.Via: GP ",0
12597,SHADY CLINTONS DODGE Questions On Hillary Selling 20% Of U.S. Uranium to Russian-Controlled Company,"Hillary Clinton s State Department was one of those agencies which signed off on the deal.Nine shareholders connected to Uranium One contributed a combined $145 million to the Clinton Foundation before or during the time the review took place. Some of those donations were not publicly disclosed at the time, as the Clintons promised they would.The transfer of 20 percent of America s uranium to a Russian-controlled company, first exposed in Clinton Cash and confirmed by the New York Times, has become a central subject of the presidential campaign. Donald Trump has referenced it in his speeches and news media  fact checkers  have been furiously writing about it.Set aside for a minute how candidates might inartfully describe a complex transaction or the semantic games that might be played by  fact checkers.  The usually curious news media is going to absurd lengths to pretend that there is nothing here so the issue will go away.Briefly, a Russian government sought federal government approval to purchase a Canadian company called Uranium One which controlled 20 percent of American uranium assets. This required the approval of several federal government agencies, because the deal involved a material (uranium) of national strategic importance.Hillary Clinton s State Department was one of those agencies which signed off on the deal.Nine shareholders connected to Uranium One contributed a combined $145 million to the Clinton Foundation before or during the time the review took place. Some of those donations were not publicly disclosed at the time, as the Clintons promised they would.Read more: Breitbart ",0
12598,GUESS WHO’S BEHIND Sickening Ad Showing Boy Being Bullied Because His Dad Didn’t Vote [VIDEO],"This ad is disgusting in so many ways. The video shows a group of kids bullying and name calling another kid because his dad didn t vote. We ve seen these tactics used before with union members and other leftists in the Democrat Party. But at a time when schools and parents are being asked to be more vigilant about bullying, what makes this group who supports Hillary, and spends money to ensure Trump doesn t win the election think this is okay? America is starting to discover through a series of Hillary s campaign manager s emails, and undercover videos exposing the corrupt nature of Hillary s campaign, those who support her through various radical groups and organizations and of course, the Democratic Party.This video, from  non-profit  Civic Innovation Works, also has a Super PAC with the same name that supports Hillary to children everywhere sends a clear message: If you know of a kid who s parents aren t planning to vote, it might be a good time to start bullying them Watch:This ad was funded by a Civic Innovation Works whose officer is the same person who is named as the treasurer on the radical Civic Innovation Super PAC. Sounds pretty harmless right? Well actually, they re a group who funds ads for Hillary and ads against Trump. One of their top contributors is co-founder of Facebook, Dustin Moskovitz.The billionaire who made a fortune off of Facebook, a social media platform that was created for users of all races, ages and political backgrounds has committed to spending $20 million to defeat Trump in the upcoming election. You ll never hear about him and his desire to affect the outcome of the election by funding a campaign against Donald J. Trump.Daniel Hausman is the treasurer of the leftist group, Civic Innovation USA. Here are screen shots of a few of their recent expenditures. The organization that promotes bullying of kids by other kids supports Hillary:They also spent money to defeat Trump:How much more evidence do American voters need to see the Democratic Party is not their grandparents, or even their parents party? ",0
12599,YIKES! Who Keeps Letting Bill Out? You Won’t Believe How He Trashed Obama/Hillarycare Again!,"If we didn t know better we d think either Bill clinton is senile or he s trying to sabotage Hillary s campaign! A not-so-slick Willie was campaigning in Goldsboro, North Carolina when he AGAIN listed the problems with Obamacare! ",0
12600,"BREAKING VIDEO: HILLARY CLINTON STUMBLES Up Stairs On Plane…Microphone Catches Her Asking, “Why Can’t You Go Any Closer?”","Ladies and gentlemen  the Democrats have dumped an unfit candidate on its party for the highest office in our nation If this woman can t even walk up a short ramp, and complains about having to walk the distance between her vehicle and the ramp to her private plane how the heck is she supposed to be fit enough to run our nation? Hillary Clinton s vehicle pulled up to within about 3 feet from the ramp leading to her private plane. You can hear her ask  Why can t you go any closer?  Really? Is she really not able to walk 3 feet to the ramp?  Watch, as she very carefully navigates the stairs without assistance from her typical handlers and stumbles. She was then seen mumbling to herself.My 99 year-old grandmother had more energy and confidence in her ability to walk than Hillary ",0
12601,EARLY VOTING UPDATE: “Record Turnout! They’re Not Republicans…They’re Not Democrats”…And They’re coming Out In HUGE NUMBERS To Vote For Trump [VIDEO]," There s no way to sample this extra 20 or 25% of new voters that are Trump supporters. Sid Miller, Texas Agriculture Commissioner, went on FOX News on Wednesday to discuss the record breaking voter turnout for Donald Trump in the Lone Star State.Sid Miller: We have a record number of people registered to vote in Texas. We re having record turnouts, the first day, the second day of voting. And it s not Bernie Sanders supporters coming out to support Hillary. It s not Barack Obama supporters coming out to support Hillary. It s a new surge of Trump voters, many who have never registered to vote. Many who have not voted in eight or ten elections so they re not reported in the polls I know for a fact that the polls are off because they oversample Democrats by eight sometimes up to sixteen percent oversampling Democrats. They re oversampling women by five to eight percent. So the Republican vote is underreported. Plus there is no way to sample this extra twenty to twenty-five percent of new voters that are Trump voters. They re not Republican, they re not Democrats, they re pragmatists. They re tired of the status quo and they want change.  GPYUGE RECORD BREAKING VOTES in TEXAS!!! & Its Not Bernie Fans or Obama Voters for Hillary Clinton!! ALLL Donald Trump Folks  #wednesdaywisdom pic.twitter.com/Sn79fMhwXG   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) October 26, 2016",0
12602,CNN HACK ATTEMPTS “GOTCHA” Moment With Trump…Immediately Regrets It [VIDEO],"Watch CNN, Dana Bash ask Donald a question she wishes she didn t:Trump shuts down Dana Bash after questioning him for ""taking time off"" to attend his hotel's grand opening.   pic.twitter.com/LtLAu1jkbQ  Asa J   (@asamjulian) October 26, 2016",0
12603,TRUMP LAUNCHES GRENADE AT TAX AND SPEND WASHINGTON: “Under Budget And Ahead Of Schedule…You Don’t Hear Those Words Too Often In Government…But You Will” [Video], ,0
12604,BREAKING: CLOSE AIDE TO BILL CLINTON: “I arranged for $50 million in payments to Bill Clinton”,"A close aide to Bill Clinton said he arranged for $50 million in payments for the former president, part of a complicated mingling of lucrative business deals and charity work of the Clinton Foundation mapped out in a memo released by WikiLeaks on Wednesday.The report was written by Doug Band, who has transitioned from his job as a Clinton aide to a partner in Teneo Consulting, a company whose client roster now includes some of the biggest companies in the world. Along the way, Band wrote, he also pushed his clients and contacts to donate millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation, and to help win business deals for Bill Clinton.Band wrote the memo in November 2011 to John Podesta, now chairman of the Hillary Clinton campaign, and sent copies to other key Clinton aides, apparently to explain and justify his work in the face of criticism from others in the Clinton orbit   notably Chelsea Clinton.WikiLeaks has been releasing thousands of hacked emails from Podesta s account in recent weeks, revealing the rivalries and controversies roiling inside the Clinton family network as Hillary Clinton prepared to run for president.In the memo, Band depicts himself as the indispensable linchpin of the Clinton family s finances even as he acknowledges that the arrangement is unusual:  We appreciate the unorthodox nature of our roles,  Band wrote.A spokesman for the Clinton campaign declined to comment; the campaign has refused to confirm whether the emails are authentic. Band did not immediately respond to a request for comment.In the November 2011 memo, Band lays out how he founded Teneo five months earlier with Declan Kelly, one of Hillary Clinton s top fundraisers during her 2008 presidential campaign. When Clinton became secretary of State, Kelly was named an envoy to Northern Ireland, holding the post even as he continued to represent several clients. Rightly or wrongly,  Band said, because other fundraisers couldn t deliver, he and Kelly pushed their clients to donate to the foundation; he also lined up speaking and consulting deals for Bill Clinton. In some cases, it worked the other way, with Teneo winning consulting contracts from foundation donors.One example, he said, was Laureate International University, the for-profit international school that donated more than $1.4 million to the Clinton Foundation and was paying Bill Clinton $3.5 million a year to serve as  honorary chancellor. The company paid Clinton more than $17 million before the relationship ended last year, as Hillary Clinton was launching her presidential bid.Read more: Detroit News",0
12605,HILLARY NEEDS HELP Climbing Up Just One Step At Rally With 50 People, ,0
12606,VERY POWERFUL! Black Trump Supporters Give MSNBC Reporter A HUGE Dose Of Truth [Video],"MUST WATCH: MSNBC interviews black women voters about Donald Trump. Very powerful! Share this video! pic.twitter.com/tSe3eshcdM  Deplorable AJ (@asamjulian) October 26, 2016",0
12607,MUST WATCH: Trump Supporter Unleashes Truth On Fox Pundits: “Americans are tired of fighting other people for jobs!”,"Brunell Donald-Kyei:  We want tougher immigration. To make sure that our borders are safe! That we are not fighting illegal aliens and refugees for jobs! Americans are tired of fighting other people for jobs! That frustration is real. That hurt is real. And for the pols and different people to dismiss that? It s not right! The most important issue to me is economics. Because the last eight years   the economy   the poor people of this nation have suffered. The middle class has suffered. And let me tell you something: The American people don t want to be dealing with a President going into office with all the baggage, with all the investigations that are going to be on top of Hillary Clinton.Our nation needs to heal. We want to heal. We want peace between the races. We want to make sure that our youth, whether they re white, black, Hispanic   have jobs! We want to make sure that the Constitution is protected! Those are American issues! that has absolutely nothing to do with your race. That s to protect this nation! And we want tougher immigration. To make sure that our borders are safe! That we are not fighting illegal aliens and refugees for jobs! Americans are tired of fighting other people for jobs! That frustration is real. That hurt is real. And for the pols and different people to dismiss that? It s not right!  TRUST US! YOU WILL LOVE THIS!Americas Sweetheart @brunelldonald jus took down Krauthammer Elitist Panel! Everything u need 2know on why Donald Trump NOT Hillary Clinton pic.twitter.com/tnKEXjWmSJ  DEPLORABLE TRUMPCAT (@Darren32895836) October 26, 2016Via: GP",0
12608,"DO WOMAN WANT TO ELECT A BULLY Whose Campaign Works With Shady Operatives To Incite Violence Against Women, Children And Senior Citizens? [VIDEO]","As a mother of three young girls, Hillary is the last person I would consider a role model for women. She is cold, calculating and has a long history of disrespect and accounts of  violent behavior towards her subordinates and even her husband Bill. More than one secret service agent has come forward to tell the truth about Hillary and her violent temper. One of her secret service agents tells of the disrespect Hillary showed for  the secret service agents who risked their lives to keep her safe by greeting them with,  F**k off! It s enough that I have to see you shit-kickers every day, I m not going to talk to you too!! Just do your G*damn job and keep your mouth shut. (From the book  American Evita  by Christopher Anderson, p. 90- Hillary to her State Trooper bodyguards after one of them greeted her with  Good morning. ) In  The Clintons  War On Women  (Skyhorse), out Oct. 13, political strategist Roger Stone details Hillary s abusive behavior   dating back to the Clintons  days in Arkansas, where Bill served as governor. Hillary Clinton has a long history of being domestically violent with Bill,  Stone writes.  Hillary has beaten Bill, hit him with hard objects, scratched and clawed him, and made him bleed. When you spend your whole life acting like a bully, it should come as no surprise to anyone that Hillary would approve of the kind of hateful behavior we ve seen from her supporters towards the only man who has the ability to take away the one goal she s worked for her entire life. Effective leaders inspire movements that exist only when people choose to move in the same direction. Without a leader, movements fragment and get nowhere. The leader s job is to inspire people to work together in the service of something greater than themselves. Does anyone really believe that Trump supporters deserved to be sucker punched, kicked, beaten, or have objects lobbed at their heads and bodies? What if the reason innocent Trump supporters were randomly attacked is because a certain  leader  of the Democratic Party feels her grip on the American people slipping away by an outside force she never counted on?What if Hillary actually condoned violence against Trump supporters, as a way to intimidate them, hoping they d be afraid to attend future Trump rallies? What if the massive number of Trump supporters showing up at his rallies caused Hillary to panic and  fear she may have to explain to the press why she couldn t even fill a high school gym with her supporters?What if Trump represented all that the Left has fought so hard to erase from American history and culture?  And what if Hillary was working in conjunction with our current President and other underground figures actually condoned this kind of violence against Trump supporters even paid for it?If you ve seen any of the recently released Project Veritas videos, you d know that this is not only a possibility, but a shocking reality. Even some of the most ardent supporters of Hillary should be sickened by the actions this woman and her party are willing take in order to maintain their power.Here are a few videos every American should see before stepping into the voting booths or mailing in their absentee ballots. Every American needs to ask themselves if they want to see a leader who inspires violence, division and hate or, if they desire a true leader of all people, who has one goal to make Make America Great Again Here s Donald Trump on the violence committed against his supporters:Here s Hillary committing psychological warfare against Trump and his supporters, as she attempts to blame Donald for the violence being committed against his followers:https://youtu.be/lAoYEY6DSscThese violent anti-Trump activists will harm anyone who gets in the way of them achieving their goals, even an 8 and 11 year old girl:Our very own Vice President Joe Biden says he d like beat up Donald Trump behind the gym. Hmmmm .sounds like another Democrat inciting violence #HillarysBullies are the worst of America pic.twitter.com/jCOi57likH  Hardhat Patriot (@Hardhat_Patriot) October 26, 2016Who can forget the young man who was walking down the sidewalk holding a Trump sign and was sucker punched in the back of his head, then was chased down by a Muslim man who tackled to the ground? He barely got away from this angry mob who descended on him and threatened his life over his support for Trump:Here s a Hispanic senior citizen who was attacked by what appears to be a mob of angry Hispanic Hillary supporters (likely illegal aliens):We did a story in March about a disabled veteran who walked 3 miles with a cane to get to the Trump rally after anti-Trump activists shut down the road that led to his rally:Finally, a compilation of attacks on Trump supportershttps://youtu.be/FvBH7f6KJeU",0
12609,HOW CAN WE TRUST Voting Machine Company Servicing 22 States Who Just Got Busted Making Donation To Clintons?,"Here s Wikipedia on Dominion Voting: Yes, they cover half of our states with voting machines If you click on the corresponding highlighted link it now takes you to a closed page. Think they re on to us?This is yet another reason why we must vote TRUMP and drain the swamp in Washington. Make sure when you got that your vote is for TRUMP! We need this election to be a landslide! Please vote but check to verify your choices are right!Via: GP ",0
12610,BRAINIAC HILLARY SUPPORTER DESTROYS TRUMP’S Hollywood Star With Hammer…Promptly Gets Bad News [Video],Via: TMZ,0
12611,"OOPS! NEW EVIDENCE SHOWS HILLARY’S 33,000 EMAILS Aren’t Lost After All","For months now, we ve been told that Hillary Clinton s 33,000 missing emails were permanently erased and destroyed beyond recovery. But newly released FBI notes strongly suggest they still exist in several locations   and they could be recovered, if only someone would impanel a grand jury and seize them.In a May interview with FBI agents, an executive with the Denver contractor that maintained Clinton s private server revealed that an underling didn t bleach-clean all her subpoenaed emails, just ones he stored in a data file he used to transfer the emails from the server to Clinton s aides, who in turn sorted them for delivery to Congress.The Platte River Networks executive, whose name was redacted from the interview report, said PRN tech Paul Combetta  created a  vehicle  to transfer email files from the live mailboxes of [Clinton Executive Services Corp.] email accounts [and] then later used BleachBit software to shred the  vehicle,  but the email content still existed in the live email accounts. Unless one of Clinton s aides had the capability to log in to the PRN server as an administrator and remove a mailbox, her archived mailboxes more than likely still reside somewhere in that system. And they may also materialize on an internal  shared drive  that PRN created to control access to the Clinton email accounts among PRN employees. PRN has been under FBI order to preserve all emails and other evidence since the start of its investigation last year.Clinton s missing  personal  emails may also be captured on a Google server. According to FBI notes, Combetta  transferred all of the Clinton email content to a personal Google email address he created.  Only the FBI never subpoenaed Google to find out.The FBI documents also reveal that Hillary s server was mirrored on a cloud server in Pennsylvania maintained by Datto Inc., a tech firm that performs cloud-to-cloud data protection.When PRN contracted with Datto, it requested that Hillary s server be backed up locally and privately. But the techs forgot to order the private node, and they sent the server backup data  remotely to Datto s secure cloud and not to a local private node.  The FBI never subpoenaed Datto s server, either.Then there s the laptop Combetta loaded with the Clinton email archive and allegedly shipped back to a Clinton aide in Washington, who claims it got  lost  in the mail. Not so fast: The latest FBI document dump includes a series of interviews with an unidentified former  special assistant  to Clinton at the State Department who said the elusive Apple MacBook laptop was actually  shipped to the Clinton Foundation in New York City. But in a June follow-up interview, FBI agents inexplicably left it up to this critical witness to  inquire about the shipment  with the foundation s mailroom manager, who works in Rockefeller Center. The FBI still does not have the laptop in its possession.It turns out that investigators also know the whereabouts of the original Apple server Clinton used in her first two months in office. Recovering that equipment is critical because it contains a mass of unseen emails from Jan. 21, 2009, to March 18, 2009   a critical period in Clinton s tenure at State. Witnesses say the equipment was not discarded, as first believed, but  repurposed  as a  work station  used by staff in Clinton s Chappaqua residence.Yet the FBI says it  was unable to obtain the original Apple server for a forensic review.  Instead of seizing it, the agency has taken Clinton s aides  and lawyers  word that the server s bereft of relevant emails.Read more: NYP",0
12612,"WOW! NEW VIDEO BLOWS UP CORRUPTION Between Obama, Democratic Operative, Hillary Campaign “Consultant” Bob Creamer [VIDEO]","These videos, by James O Keefe and friends at Project Veritas bust the corrupt nature of Hillary Clinton s campaign, the Democratic Party and the underbelly of their operations wide open. James O Keefe has taken a sledge hammer to this well-organized criminal machine. If American voters are not shocked to the core by the level of corruption used to elect Hillary, they no longer have a conscience . Watch Bob Creamer admit to undercover agent for Project Veritas that Obama is trying to make America more like GUN-FREE Britain at the 15 min. mark.Bob Creamer on Obama:  He s a pro I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues, helping to run issue campaigns that they ve been involved in like immigration reform campaigns, for the health care bill, for the ah to try to make America more like Britain on Gun issues. In the effort to prove the credibility of the undercover donor featured in the videos and to keep the investigation going, Project Veritas Action made the decision to donate twenty thousand dollars to Robert Creamer s effort. Project Veritas Action had determined that the benefit of this investigation outweighed the cost. And it did. In an unexpected twist, AUFC president Brad Woodhouse, the recipient of the $20,000, heard that Project Veritas Action was releasing undercover videos exposing AUFC s activities. He told a journalist that AUFC was going to return the twenty thousand dollars. He said it was because they were concerned that it might have been an illegal foreign donation. Project Veritas Action was pleased but wondered why that hadn t been a problem for the month that they had the money.One of the key figures in O Keefe s report is convicted felon and husband of Rep. Jan Schakowsky ( D-IL), Robert Creamer who oversaw a check-kiting scheme so elaborate that his employees followed a written manual   complete with detailed instructions on when and where to float checks totaling millions of dollars.As it turns out, convicted felon Robert Creamer was a frequent visitor of the White House. Between 11/21/2009 and 6/24/2016, Robert Creamer appears to have visited the White House 342 times, 340 times as  Robert Creamer  and twice as  Bob Creamer . He logged in times and was either a guest of Barack Obama or his lovely wife Michelle. One can only wonder what business Michelle had with this criminal. Hmmm ",0
12613,WOMAN INTRODUCING HILLARY Refuses To Say “One Nation Under God”…Hillary Laughs [VIDEO],"Watch Hillary laugh when the woman who is introducing her at one of her tiny rallies, intentionally pauses to make sure everyone notices her omission, then skips the  one nation under God  part of her speech.Hey Hillary .This might not be a good time for you to disrespect God. Who knows, you may need him someday Watch her choke on ""Under God"" & ""indivisible"" This is #HillarysAmerica #VoteTrump & #DrainTheSwamp#TrumpTheEstablishment #MAGA3X pic.twitter.com/kKESSW2pUC   MAGA Mama  (@tteegar) October 25, 2016",0
12614,OBAMACARE LOAN SHARK: If Gov’t Can Extort More Money From TAXPAYERS…OBAMACARE Can Still Work [VIDEO],THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS! ,0
12615,BREAKING: BLACK AMERICANS JUMPING ON TRUMP TRAIN In Unprecedented Numbers…United We Stand!, ,0
12616,CROOKED SOROS: Trump Will Win Popular Vote In LANDSLIDE…Trump Will Lose Electoral Vote…Hillary Is “Done Deal” [VIDEO],Very interesting remarks from a guy who is in up to his neck with the underbelly of the Democrat Party https://youtu.be/_7LzLNgExYk,0
12617,EPIC FLASHBACK: MEGYN KELLY Destroyed By Newt Gingrich…Her Predictions Are 100% WRONG! [VIDEO],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RVqTfIKGbU,0
12618,BERKELEY COLLEGE THUGS Form Human Chain To Stop White Students From Attending Class [VIDEO],"Students at the University of California, Berkeley held a day of protest on Friday to demand the creation of additional  safe spaces  for transgender and nonwhite students, during which a human chain was formed on a main campus artery to prevent white students from getting to class.The demonstrators were caught on video blocking Berkeley s Sather Gate, holding large banners advocating the creation of physical spaces segregated by race and gender identity, including one that read  Fight 4 Spaces of Color. Protesters can be heard shouting  Go around!  to white students who attempt to go through the blockade, while students of color are greeted with calls of  Let him through! Students turned away by the mob are later shown filing through trees and ducking under branches in order to cross Strawberry Creek, which runs underneath the bridge.   Washington TimesI m pretty sure this is illegal but then again, we are living in lawless times. Hey, I ve got a great idea let s elect Hillary so we can just have complete anarchy in our streets and on our college campuses. Who needs rights anyhow? ",0
12619,HACKED EMAILS Reveal Clinton Foundation CEO Was A Mole…Where Is He Now?,"WHY WAS BRAVERMAN ON TRANSITION TEAM FOR OBAMA/BIDEN 2009 AND THEN CEO TO CLINTON FOUNDATION? A LITTLE INCESTUOUS DON T YA THINK? Podesta tells Tanden the mole is Eric Braverman to which she replies,  Holy Moses! Eric Braverman was the CEO Of the Clinton Foundation. He abruptly resigned a short time later after being pushed out by long-time Clinton loyalists who had apparently grown very comfortable with the status quo of accepting donations from questionable foreign donors.Rumors are he fled the country WE CANNOT CONFIRMMore on Braverman:In December [2014], the board of the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation approved a salary of more than $395,000, plus bonus, for its Yale-educated CEO, Eric Braverman, while voting to extend his board term through 2017, according to sources familiar with the arrangement. Braverman, who had worked with Chelsea Clinton at the prestigious McKinsey & Company consultancy, had been brought in with the former first daughter s support to help impose McKinsey-like management rigor to a foundation that had grown into a $2 billion charitable powerhouse.But in January, only weeks after the board s show of support and just a year and a half after Braverman arrived, he abruptly resigned, and sources tell Politico his exit stemmed partly from a power struggle inside the foundation between and among the coterie of Clinton loyalists who have surrounded the former president for decades and who helped start and run the foundation. Some, including the president s old Arkansas lawyer Bruce Lindsey, who preceded Braverman as CEO, raised concerns directly to Bill Clinton about the reforms implemented by Braverman, according to sources, and felt themselves marginalized by the growing influence of Chelsea Clinton and the new CEO she had helped recruit.The previously untold saga of Braverman s brief, and occasionally fraught tenure trying to navigate the Clintons  insular world highlights the challenges the family has faced trying to impose rigorous oversight onto a vast global foundation that relies on some of the same loyal megadonors Hillary Clinton will need for the presidential run sources have said she is all but certain to launch later this year.Already, a spate of recent news stories in Politico and elsewhere have highlighted questions about the foundation s aggressive fundraising both before and during Braverman s tenure, including the news that the foundation had been accepting contributions from foreign governments with lax oversight from the State Department when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state. The foundation has been Clinton s main public platform since she left State in February 2013.The hiring a few months later of Braverman, who had been a partner in McKinsey s Washington office, was seen as validation of Chelsea Clinton s view that the foundation needed to address recommendations from a 2011 audit for tighter governance and budgeting, as well as more comprehensive policies to vet donors and avoid conflicts of interest.When Braverman arrived to replace Lindsey as CEO, he moved quickly to adopt the auditor s recommendations, and then some. He diversified the foundation s board beyond the Clintons and their longtime political allies and restructured its finance department. He oversaw the creation of a $250 million endowment and implemented data-driven analytics to measure the effectiveness of foundation programs.No public explanation was offered for Braverman s resignation.",0
12620,"BRAVO! LEGENDARY CIVIL RIGHTS LEADER Takes Heat But Supports Trump: “Politicians are a dime a dozen, but leaders are priceless.” [Video]","Decades ago he stood against oppression by sitting at a North Carolina lunch counter, today he stands beside Donald Trump for president.Clarence Henderson, who participated at the sit-in protest in 1960, is backing the GOP candidate despite receiving backlash from some in the black community, the Associated Press reported. Donald Trump is certainly not a politician, and politicians are a dime a dozen, but leaders are priceless,  he said.Henderson has been brutalized on social media for his standing position.But Henderson is undeterred. He has proved to be a leader in the business field. Has he done everything right? No, certainly not. But I think that he has more at stake than Hillary does,  Henderson told the AP.The civil rights leader originally supported Ted Cruz but joined the Trump Train when Trump won the Republican nomination. I stand before you as one that knows what America s all about   the good, the bad and the ugly. I would not live in any other country except America that put Jim Crow on trial and found him guilty of trying to separate the races. So I stand before you to say that we are unified,  he said at a Trump rally in September.And he plans to vote for Trump for the same reason he sat at that lunch counter in the 60s. I would rather be in the minority on the side of justice than in the majority on the side of injustice, because I have lived a life where I saw there was injustice,  he said. ",0
12621,A SPEECH TO SAVE A NATION: “We the people will reclaim our government!” [VIDEO],"Candidate Trump gave a great speech that was about reclaiming OUR government. We feel it s perfect for today   Independence Day!  This is not simply another 4-year election. This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim control over our government.    DJTTRANSCRIPT: Our movement is about replacing a failed and corrupt political establishment with a new government controlled by you, the American People. There is nothing the political establishment will not do, and no lie they will not tell, to hold on to their prestige and power at your expense.The Washington establishment, and the financial and media corporations that fund it, exists for only one reason: to protect and enrich itself.The establishment has trillions of dollars at stake in this election. As an example, just one single trade deal they d like to pass, involves trillions of dollars controlled by many countries, corporations and lobbyists.For those who control the levers of power in Washington, and for the global special interests they partner with, our campaign represents an existential threat.This is not simply another 4-year election. This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim control over our government.The political establishment that is trying everything to stop us, is the same group responsible for our disastrous trade deals, massive illegal immigration, and economic and foreign policies that have bled this country dry. The political establishment has brought about the destruction of our factories and our jobs, as they flee to Mexico, China and other countries throughout the world. Our just-announced jobs numbers are anemic, and our gross domestic product, or GDP, is barely above one percent. Workers in the United States, were making less than they were almost 20 years ago   and yet they are working harder.It s a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class, stripped our country of its wealth, and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations and political entities.Just look at what this corrupt establishment has done to our cities like Detroit and Flint, Michigan   and rural towns in Pennsylvania, Ohio, North Carolina and across our country. They have stripped these towns bare, and raided the wealth for themselves and taken away their jobs.The Clinton Machine is at the center of this power structure. We ve seen this firsthand in the WikiLeaks documents in which Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers.And, likewise, the emails show that the Clinton Machine is so closely and irrevocably tied to media organizations that she is given the questions and answers in advance of her debates. Clinton is also given approval and veto power over quotes written about her in the New York Times. And the emails show the reporters collaborate and conspire directly with the Clinton Campaign on helping her win the election.With their control over our government at stake, with trillions of dollars on the line, the Clinton Machine is determined to achieve the destruction of our campaign, which has now become a movement the likes of which our country has never seen before   and we won t let them do that.The most powerful weapon deployed by the Clintons is the corporate media. Let s be clear on one thing: the corporate media in our country is no longer involved in journalism. They are a political special interest, no different than any lobbyist or other financial entity with an agenda. And their agenda is to elect the Clintons at any cost, at any price, no matter how many lives they destroy.press we can actualFor them, it is a war   and for them, nothing is out of bounds.This is a struggle for the survival of our nation. This election will determine whether we are a free nation, or whether we have only the illusion of Democracy but are in fact controlled by a small handful of global special interests rigging the system.This is not just conspiracy but reality, and you and I know it.The establishment and their media enablers wield control over this nation through means that are well known. Anyone who challenges their control is deemed a sexist, a racist, a xenophobe and morally deformed. They will attack you, they will slander you, they will seek to destroy your career and reputation. And they will lie, lie and lie even more.The Clintons are criminals. This is well-documented, and the establishment that protects them has engaged in a massive cover-up of widespread criminal activity at the State Department and Clinton Foundation in order to keep the Clintons in power. Never in history have we seen such a cover-up as this, one that includes the destruction of 33,000 emails, 13 phones, laptops, missing boxes of evidence, and on and on.People who are capable of such crimes against our nation are capable of anything.But I take all of these slings and arrows for you. I take them for our movement, so that we can have our country back. Our great civilization, here in America and across the civilized world, has come upon a moment of reckoning.We ve seen it in the United Kingdom, where they voted to liberate themselves from global government and global trade deals and global immigration deals that have destroyed their sovereignty.But the central base of world political power is here in America, and it is our corrupt political establishment that is the greatest power behind the efforts at radical globalization and the disenfranchisement of working people.Their financial resources are unlimited. Their political resources are unlimited. Their media resources are unlimited. And, most importantly, the depths of their immorality is unlimited.Our political establishment has no soul. I knew these false attacks would come. I knew this day would arrive. And I knew the American people would rise above it and vote for the future they deserve.The only thing that can stop the Corrupt Clinton Machine is you. The only force strong enough to save this country is you. The only people brave enough to vote out this corrupt establishment is you, the American People.They control the Department of Justice, and they even clandestinely meet with the Attorney General of the United States   in the back of her airplane, while on the runway   for 39 minutes   to most likely discuss her reappointment in a Clinton Administration just prior to the Attorney General making a decision over whether or not to prosecute Hillary Clinton.Likewise, they have corrupted the Director of the FBI to the point at which stories are already saying the great men and women who work for the FBI are embarrassed and ashamed to what he s done to one of our great institutions. Hillary Clinton is guilty of all of the things that Director Comey stated at his press conference and Congressional hearings, and far more   and yet he let her off the hook, while others lives are being destroyed for far less.This is a conspiracy against you, the American people.This is our moment of reckoning as a society and as a civilization.I didn t need to do this. I built a great company, and I had a wonderful life. I could have enjoyed the benefits of years of successful business for myself and my family, instead of going through this absolute horror show of lies, deceptions and malicious attacks. I m doing it because this country has given me so much, and I feel strongly it was my turn to give back.Some people warned me this campaign would be a journey to hell. But they are wrong, it will be a journey to heaven because we will help so many people.In my former life, I was an insider as much as anybody else   and I know what s like to be an insider. Now I am being punished for leaving their special club and revealing to you their great scam. Because I used to be part of the club, I m the only one who can fix it. I m doing this for the people, and this movement is just right   and we will take back this country for you and Make America Great Again.The corrupt establishment knows that we are an existential threat to their criminal enterprise. They know, that if we win, their power is gone and returned to you. The clouds hanging over our government can be lifted, and replaced with a bright future   but it all depends on whether we let the New York Times decide our future, or whether we let the American people decide our future.If this Clinton Campaign of Destruction is allowed to work, then no other highly successful person   which is what our country needs   will ever again run for this office.I will not lie to you. These false attacks hurt. To be lied about, to be slandered, to be smeared so publicly and before your family, is painful.What the Clinton Machine is doing to me, and my family, is egregious beyond words. It is reprehensible beyond description.But I also know, it s not about me   it s about all of you. It s about all of us, together, as a country.It s about the Veterans who need medical care, the mothers who ve lost children to terrorism and crime, it s about the inner cities and the border towns who desperately need our help, it s about the millions of jobless Americans. This election is about the people being crushed by Obamacare, and it s about defeating ISIS and appointing Supreme Court Justices who will defend our Constitution.This election is also about the African-American and Hispanic communities whose communities have been plunged into crime, poverty and failing schools by the policies of Hillary Clinton. They ve robbed these citizens of their future, and I will give them their hope, jobs and opportunities back. I will deliver.This election is about every man, woman and child in our country who deserves to live in safety, prosperity and peace.We will rise above the lies, the smears, and the ludicrous slanders from ludicrous reporters.We will vote for the country we want.We will vote for the future we want.We will vote for the politics we want.We will vote to put this corrupt government cartel out of business. We will remove from our politics the special interests who have betrayed our workers, our borders, our freedoms, and our sovereign rights as a nation. We will end the politics of profit, we will end the rule of special interests, we will put a stop to the raiding of our country   and the disenfranchisement of our people.Our Independence Day is at hand, and it arrives, finally, on November 8th. Join me in taking back our country, and creating a bright and glorious new dawn for our people.",0
12622,HILLARY CLINTON MEETS BLACK LIVES MATTER: Says Members Will Play An ‘Important’ And ‘Constructive Role’ In America’s Future [VIDEO],"Clinton pandered to Black Lives Matter while ignoring police officers and the work they do in the communities across America:@HillaryClinton meets with Black Lives Matter and says its members will play an  important  and  constructive role  in America s future pic.twitter.com/8ianMb7APW  Varney & Co. (@Varneyco) October 24, 2016",0
12623,WHOA! MICHAEL MOORE Says TRUMP Is Only Hope To Rescue Middle-Class: “Human Molotov Cocktail” Americans “Can Legally Throw Into The System” [VIDEO]," Every nameless, beaten down, forgotten working stiff who used to be part of  what we called  the middle class , loves Trump. The human hand grenade they can legally throw into the system that stole their lives from them. And on November 8th, election day, although they ve lost their jobs, although they ve been foreclosed on by the bank, next came the divorce and now the wife and kids are gone, the cars been re-po d, they haven t had a vacation in years and they re stuck with the shitty Obamacare  Bronze Plan  where they can t even get a f*cking percocet. They ve essentially lost all that they ve had  except one thing. The one thing that doesn t cost them a cent, and it s guaranteed to them by the American Constitution the right to vote!They might be penniless they might be homeless it doesn t matter because it s equalized on that day. The millionaire has the same number of votes as the person who doesnt have a job .ONE! So on November 8th, the dispossessed will walk into the voting booth, be handed a ballot, close the curtain and take that lever, or felt pen or touch screen and put a big F*CKING X next to the name of the man who has threatened to upend and overturn the very system that has ruined their lives Donald J. Trump. Watch:",0
12624,OBAMA LIED To Protect Hillary..New Wikileaks Email Proves It!,"Remember Combetta is Hillary s Oh Sh*t IT guy:BREAKING: FEMALE LAW STUDENT Busts Hillary s  Oh Sh*t  IT Guy Who Was Seeking Help To Scrub Hillary s Name From Emails Wikileaks Applauds!The same day that President Barack Obama publicly insisted that he learned about Hillary Clinton s use of private email for government business from news reports, internal campaign emails show that Clinton staffers knew he wasn t telling the truth.Obama was asked by CBS in March 2015 when he learned about Clinton s use of  an email system outside the U.S. government for official business  as Secretary of State.  The same time everybody else learned it, through news reports,  he responded.In a hacked March 7, 2015 email released by WikiLeaks Tuesday, Clinton spokesman Josh Schwerin highlighted Obama s comments in an email to other staffers.  You probably have more on this, but it looks like POTUS just said he found out HRC was using her personal email when he saw it in the news,  he said.Clinton s former chief of staff at the State Department Cheryl Mills immediately followed up in a private email to campaign chairman John Podesta.  We need to clean this up,  she worried.  He has emails from her   they do not say state.gov. Read more: Mediate ",0
12625,NY PROFESSOR Who’s Correctly Chosen President For 100 Years Explains Why Trump Will Win,"We ve been telling you all week to ignore the manufactured polls and lies being told by mainstream  journalists  (of which 65 have been found to be in collusion with Hillary s camp)designed to discourage and deflate Donald Trump supporters. The crowds, the enthusiasm and the fundraising for Trump is on fire, while Hillary and Tim Kaine can barely fill a phone booth with supporters. This SUNY professor has a model that s been working for over 100 years of elections and he s giving the race to Trump The most important thing Trump supporters can do right now, is to reach out to their friends and family and convince them to get out to the polls for Trump. There will undoubtedly be a lot of voter fraud committed by Democrats and it s up to us to help make up that difference with actual voters for Trump.  Donald Trump may be behind in most polls, but one veteran New York prognosticator still predicts he will win come Election Day. I think he was the strongest candidate in the primaries and that he will prevail,  Helmut North, a political science professor at SUNY Stony Brook, told The Post on Monday, even as the RealClearPolitics average shows the Republican candidate trailing Democrat Hillary Clinton by 6.1 percentage points.The sale of halloween masks have also always been correct in predicting the winner of the presidential election. Check out who s winning in sales: Norpoth developed a model that, applied retroactively in earlier races, would have correctly predicted the winner of every presidential election since 1912   with the exception of 2000, when predicted winner Al Gore barely lost to George W. Bush.The model looks at which of the candidates performed better in the primaries and caucuses and concludes that the stronger performer there will enter the White House.   NYP",0
12626,WOW! Hillary’s VP Pick Tim Kaine Gets Only 30 People At Rally [Video],"BREAKING: #TimKaine rally only about 30 people show up. Her campaign is dead in #Florida nobody wants #HillaryClinton Serial Liar Corrupt pic.twitter.com/vgnWGHxXgs  Trump Street Team FL (@ChatRevolve) October 24, 2016HILLARY CAMPAIGN FREAKING OUT AT TRUMP SUPPORTERS:This was halfway during the event still empty and Hillary staff freaking out over us shouting facts #Trump2016 #NV #NC #Ohio @jetsfan255 pic.twitter.com/JLvgGJWYUL  Trump Street Team FL (@ChatRevolve) October 25, 2016",0
12627,BIGOT OBAMA EXCLUDED White Christians In List Of Possible Cabinet Positions…Favored Muslims,"It s difficult to tell what Obama s doing with lists excluding white Christians as cabinet position possibilities BUT it s WRONG AND IT S DISCRIMINATION! Obama is everything he claims conservative Americans are he s a bigot!This follows a pattern of the Obama Administration using race and religion to determine hiring, with other leaked emails showing potential political appointees being labeled with an F for female, B for black, H for Hispanic, and M for Muslim. Another Wikileaks release showed the Obama transition team keeping extensive lists of non-white candidates for administration posts.The Wikileaks emails have given us a clue into what Obama and Clinton are doing behind the scenes. Thank goodness we can confirm that they re BOTH despicable people. It s been a long 8 years with Obama so PLEASE don t vote for another 4 with Clinton The newest batch of John Podesta s hacked emails released by Wikileaks shows Obama s transition team kept lists of Muslim and Asian candidates for jobs in the administration.According to an email chain from 2008, John Podesta received lists of exclusively Muslims and Asians to be considered for jobs in the Obama administration. The email chain revealed that in this process, Middle Eastern Christians were purposefully excluded, or set aside in a separate list, with an aide writing,In the candidates for top jobs, I excluded those with some Arab American background but who are not Muslim (e.g., George Mitchell). Many Lebanese Americans, for example, are Christian. In the last list (of outside boards/commissions), most who are listed appear to be Muslim American, except that a handful (where noted) may be Arab American but of uncertain religion (esp. Christian).Also notable, there was concern that some of the Muslims suggested would not survive media scrutiny, with one aide writing,  High-profile Muslim Americans tend to be the subject of a fair amount of blogger criticism, and so the individuals on this list would need to be ESPECIALLY carefully vetted. She continues,  I suspect some of the people I list would not survive such a vet   but I do personally know, at least in part, virtually all of the candidates in the 1st two categories (but I know very few of those listed for outside boards/commissions). Within the lists themselves, candidates were further broken down, with every candidate labeled by their nationality and sometimes race.This follows a pattern of the Obama Administration using race and religion to determine hiring, with other leaked emails showing potential political appointees being labeled with an F for female, B for black, H for Hispanic, and M for Muslim. Another Wikileaks release showed the Obama transition team keeping extensive lists of non-white candidates for administration posts.Read more: Daily Caller",0
12628,LOL! Clinton News Network (CNN) SHUT DOWN At Trump Rally By Pro-Trump Deplorables [VIDEO],"A group of  deplorables  who are clearly sick and tired of the propaganda being passed off as  truth  by the Clinton News Network (CNN) managed to effectively shut down their pre-coverage of the Virginia Beach Trump rally. You gotta love the big guy wearing the Infowars Bill Clinton  Rape  t-shirt. You can hear the Trumpers yelling,  CNN sucks  and  no integrity.  Liberal media has no idea the genie that Trump let out of the bottle. Watch:",0
12629,BUSTED! ABC/WASHINGTON POST POLL Showing Hillary Clinton Leading Trump By +12 Is FAKE,"Those who were  shocked  by the latest ABC / Washington Post goal seeking report (aka  poll ) that shows Hillary opening up a 12-point lead with likely voters after the latest debate last Wednesday need to look a little further. Ironically, this  poll  farce was  embargoed for release after 9 a.m.  EST on Saturday, which made it a dominant topic of conversation on all the morning talk shows.Of course, like many of the recent polls from the likes of Reuters, ABC and The Washington Post, something curious emerges when you look just beneath the surface of the headline 12-point lead.Meanwhile, with huge variances in preference across demographics one can easily see how simple it is to  rig  a poll by over indexing to one group vs. another. While the pollsters release the the split of the sample pool by political affiliation, they do not share the split by any of the following demographics which are just as important to determining the outcome of the poll.  Zero Hedge METHODOLOGY   This ABC News poll was conducted by landline and cellular telephone Oct. 20-22, 2016, in English and Spanish, among a random national sample of 874 likely voters. Results have a margin of sampling error of 3.5 points, including the design effect. Partisan divisions are 36-27-31 percent, Democrats   Republicans   Independents. As we ve pointed out numerous times in the past, in response to Reuters  efforts to  tweak  their polls, per the The Pew Research Center, at least since 1992, democrats have never enjoyed a 9-point registration gap despite the folks at ABC and The Washington Post somehow convincing themselves it was a reasonable margin.Rush Limbaugh weighed in on the suspicious outlier poll that came out on Saturday night: I don t care what network you watch, maybe with Fox exempted, although certain places at Fox you ll find the same sentiment. It s over. And they all cite these polls. They all cite the polls that show Hillary up 10 to 12 points. And even take the low point at 10, I just saw somebody on CNN, a conservative Republican say,  At 10 points with two weeks it s over, there s no way you can reverse that, it s history. So they all believe the polls. In fact, their belief in the polls is biblical. I think these people have a greater confidence and faith in the polls than they do in the Bible. So it s over. And, furthermore, to show you just how over it is, the Democrats are actually now in red states where Trump may win those states, but they re in there and they re working down the ballot and they re gonna win back the House, they re gonna win back the Senate, and Chuck-U Schumer is gonna end up a majority leader in the Senate.And you Republicans, you are toast, do you understand? You Republicans, it s toast, and you Republicans had better start doing your postmortems right now, and you had better starting figuring out why this happened. You lost this because you saw to it that Trump was nominated, and if you weren t for Trump, you better find out who made it possible for Trump to be nominated, and you better do something about those people. Americans who are sick and tired of a corrupt media and the corrupt politicians they prop up, need to ignore these manufactured polls. Instead of wasting time reading this drivel, Americans need to be out knocking on doors and contacting friends, to explain to them why we need a President like Trump to DRAIN THE SWAMP!There has never been a better time to ignore Hillary s media and stay focused on the prize ",0
12630,THE LIST OF 65 MAINSTREAM MEDIA “Journalists” You Should Never Trust: Wikileaks Busts Media Hacks Working With Hillary’s Top Advisors,"Many of the hacks on this list like Rachel Maddow, Mark Halperin, Diane Sawyer and George Stephanoplous are expected, as they pretty much openly pander to Hillary and Bill Clinton. However, some of the names on this list provided by Wikileaks, who have colluded with the Clinton camp in some way, may surprise you A few of the  journalists  meeting offline with Hillary advisersThanks to Wikileaks we now know that at least 65 mainstream reporters were working closely with the Clinton campaign this election year. They were invited to top elitist dinners with Hillary Campaign Chairman John Podesta or Chief Campaign strategist Joel Benenson.NO FOX NEWS REPORTERS MADE THE LIST!These 65 mainstream reporters CAN NEVER BE TRUSTED:As previously reported  At least 38 top national reporters attended a different dinner at John Podesta s house in April 2015.The Clinton campaign sent out invites to New York reporters in April 2015 on their off-the-record meeting on how to sell Hillary Clinton to the public.These 38 reporters should NEVER BE TRUSTED! Via the Intercept: Another group of 25 mainstream reporters were invited to a dinner at Jhn Podesta s house on April 9.Here is the current RSVP list to the Thursday Night (4/9) dinner at Podesta s. As a reminder, this is with the 25 reporters more closely following HRC (aka the future bus). Via: Gateway PunditYes ABC   Liz KreutzYes AP   Julie PaceYes AP   Ken ThomasYes AP   Lisa LererAURN   April RyanYes Bloomberg   Jennifer EpsteinYes Buzzfeed   Ruby CramerYes CBS   Steve ChagarisYes CNBC   John HarwoodYes CNN   Dan MericaYes Huffington Post   Amanda TerkelNO (Panama)LAT   Mike Memoli YesLAT   Evan Handler YesMcClatchy   Anita Kumar YesMSNBC   Alex Seitz-Wald YesNational Journal   Emily Schultheis YesNBC   Mark Murray YesNPR   Tamara KeithNYT   Amy Chozik YesNYT   Maggie Haberman YesPolitico   Annie Karni Politico   Gabe DebenedettiYes Reuters   Amanda BeckerThe Hill   Amie Parnes YesWashington Post   Anne Gearan YesWSJ   Laura MecklerYes WSJ   Peter NicholasYes WSJ   Colleen McCain NelsonSo there it is, the list of corrupt players/ journalists  who bring Americans their  unbiased  news every day. Do you still believe the polls? ",0
12631,BILL O’REILLY Destroys Liberal Pundit On Trump Coverage [Video], ,0
12632,PRESIDENT OF RADICAL GROUP Advised Hillary On How To Fake Concern For Parents Of Black Lives Matter Victims…Blame Cops For Pain [VIDEO],"Wikileaks released an email from Center for American Progress President Neera Tanden, coaching Hillary on how to best gain the trust of the Black community by going directly to the victims being held up by Black Lives Matter movement as heroes, and faking empathy with the parents. She also mentions it would be a good idea to use the idea that their grief should be magnified because it happened at the hands of law enforcement officers (the state). The email was forwarded by Jen Palmieri who is the same person who was busted criticizing Catholics. Karen Finney, Hiilary s Senior Advisor for Communications and Political Outreach, & Senior Spokesperson for Hillary for America was also copied on the suggestion about how to fake concern for parents of Black Lives Matter victims.Here is an excerpt from the Wikileaks email:Hillary clearly took her advice, as she can been seen milking her phony support for mother s of Black Lives Matter victims by giving them a chance to appear at the DNC as her  special guests  to chant :Ever the actress, here s Hillary appealing to the black community with her newfound black dialect:",0
12633,DINESH D’SOUZA: Why Hillary Wants To Bring In Muslim Refugees By The Thousands [Video],"This morning on @FoxAndFriends, I explored why Obama and Hillary are so eager to import refugees in droves. pic.twitter.com/gkAgLiXBXY  Dinesh D Souza (@DineshDSouza) October 24, 2016",0
12634,HERE’S PROOF Trump Is Peaking At Just The Right Time! [Video]," TRUMP is peaking at just the right time!TRUMP held a rally in ST. AUGUSTINE, FLORIDA TODAY IT WAS PACKED!TEAM TRUMP IS WINNING FLORIDA! Get out & VOTE #TrumpTrain! January 2017 #DrainTheSwamp pic.twitter.com/uJSKURcUlq  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) October 24, 2016VIA: GATEWAY PUNDIT",0
12635,WOW! WIKILEAKS Emails Shows How Hillary Will Bankrupt Gun Manufactures By Executive Order [VIDEO]," Clinton s radicalized rhetoric has championed both bans on what she calls  weapons of war,  and the  Australian model  of gun buybacks under the threat of government force.Actual  weapons of war machine guns and selective-fire firearms have not been manufactured for the civilian market for 30 years, and cannot be, due to the Hughes Amendment to the Firearm Owners Protection Act of 1986 (FOPA).Yes, you heard that correctly. Despite serial lies by Democrats and the mainstream media, actual military rifles are not manufactured for the American market and haven t been on over a generation.What Clinton actually wants to ban are the most common firearms sold in the United States. This includes common hunting rifles, target rifles, many popular handguns, standard rifle and pistol magazines, and if Clinton follows Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey s deranged lead, could result in the majority of firearms designed in the past 100 years being banned.The threat of new federal gun laws is even more pronounced if gun owners unhappy with their choice of Presidential candidates, opt to sit the 2016 elections out entirely, and Democrats manage to gain seats in the House and Senate, or even win majorities outright.In the 1990s and early 2000s, the Brady Campaign (former called the National Council to Control Handguns and Handgun Control, Inc.) used deep-pocketed gun control supporters to finance what was known as  lawfare. Anti-gun attorneys would look for people to use as patsies to serve as plaintiffs in frivolous civil lawsuits against gun dealers, distributors, and manufacturers. The goal of these suits were always transparent, and always the same. These gun control supporters didn t really care if they won or lost their cases, or if their plaintiff patsies were ripped to emotional shreds; their goal was then (and remains now) to force gun dealers, distributors, and manufacturers to have to hire expensive attorneys and spend hundreds of thousands to millions of dollars in legal fees to defend themselves in court.PLCAA was passed into law specifically to keep a handful of gun control supporting billionaires from bankrupting the American gun industry from top to bottom with frivolous lawsuits. Hillary Clinton wants to repeal PLCAA so that her allies, such as Michael Bloomberg, can then finance wave after wave of lawsuits to bankrupt gun companies with exorbitant legal fees.If Clinton is successful in her goal of repealing PLCAA which she could very conceivably do if she is elected in a  wave  that sees Democrats pick up seats in the House and Senate then no gun dealer or manufacturer, or sporting goods store, or ammunition company, would be immune to frivolous lawsuits, and all would be sued out of business.You would not be able to buy new guns, because there would be no manufacturers or importers after they were targeted, one-by-one.In many states where universal background checks are required, you would not be able to buy, sell, or trade existing guns, as dealer after dealer would be sued out of business.You would not be able to buy ammunition for your existing guns, as ammunition companies would also be targeted for extermination, as Brady tried to do against Lucky Gunner as recently as last year (only to have their case struck down by a judge citing PLCAA).This truly is an  all or nothing  election, folks.If you own any firearm of any kind, for any reason, or ever want to own a firearm for any reason, electing Hillary Clinton is simply non-viable.I know that there are Republicans, Democrats, third-party voters and political agnostics who aren t thrilled with their choices of Presidential candidates this year. I m certainly not.I will tell you that if she is elected, Hillary Clinton will seek to destroy not just your right, but your ability to own, trade, and shoot the most common firearms in the United States.All of them, without exception.This includes your bolt-action deer rifle, your pump shotgun, your grandfather s heirloom revolver, the pistol you purchased for self defense, and the little .22 rifle you learned to shoot as a kid.Consider yourself warned, and vote strategically to protect the Constitution and the right to bear arms against the most dangerous and corrupt candidate to ever be nominated for President.  Bearing Arms",0
12636,DON’T BELIEVE MEDIA LIES…Wildly Unpopular Hillary Gives Speech In NH…Here Are Uncensored Facebook Users Responses From Live Feed…LOL!,"  This Facebook user s comment about  Donald Duck  is in reference to new video that was just released today by Project Veritas, showing direct collision with Hillary Clinton and underground Dem group who admits to committing massive voter fraud: While you re at it Hillary, you may want to look into an assisted living arrangement. We re pretty sure neither one of you are in any shape to be without constant medical supervision ",0
12637,WOW! UNHINGED LIZ WARREN Gives “Nasty” Speech With Hillary Nodding In Approval [Video],"Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma):  Get this Donald: nasty women are tough, nasty women are smart, and nasty women vote.  pic.twitter.com/rUIw7Yzxc8  CSPAN (@cspan) October 24, 2016",0
12638,BUSTED! OBAMA’S DOJ EXTORTS MONEY FROM BANKS To Fund Radical Groups To Push Hillary Vote," A new report from the Government Accountability Institute (GAI) concludes that the Obama administration s Department of Justice has been extorting fines from major banks, which are then used to fund leftist groups that push the Democratic vote.The report notes that while community organizing groups have been using aggressive,  terrorist  tactics for decades to force banks to provide funding for their operations, the Obama administration has brought the power of the federal government to bear on their behalf. Banks are threatened with lawsuits for racial discrimination based on the controversial  disparate impact  theory, and offered incentives to settle by paying left-wing groups directly, beyond the review or oversight of Congress.The result, the GAI report says, is a system of political patronage:The old time political machine has been replaced by these nonprofits and a system of patronage now operates with the imprimatur of the DOJ. The DOJ has instituted a system that provides significant funding for nonprofit  community organizers  through a pattern of extortive lawsuits. This system, wherein appointed attorneys can legally extract money from the private sector and redistribute the funds to third-party organizations outside of the appropriations process, shows an unprecedented and extraordinary disregard for Congressional authority.Left-wing groups have long used the Community Reinvestment Act   signed by President Jimmy Carter in 1977 and boosted by President Bill Clinton in the 1990s   to threaten bank mergers unless the banks fund their lending and activist operations.Many of the organizations, including the non-profit Neighborhood Assistance Corporation of America (NACA), control huge amounts of funding for use in mortgages that might not otherwise be granted. They also register their beneficiaries to vote.A former NACA employee, who spoke to Breitbart News on condition of anonymity, confirmed that  They do ask that everyone is registered to vote. They don t force you to do it, but when you come in for your intake, and you do your initial application [for a mortgage], you are handed a voter registration form.  Applicants were also asked to perform various acts of  community service  for NACA, which typically involved political activity, such as attending protests or writing to Congress.In early 2009, in the midst of a wave of foreclosures as a result of the 2007-8 subprime mortgage crisis, groups like NACA used old-style intimidation tactics to  terrorize  bankers personally, including by targeting bankers  children at their schools.According to the GAI report, the Obama administration s new policy, midway through 2009, abused the powers of the Justice Department to do through the courts what groups like NACA had once done through the bare-knuckle tactics of the streets.Read more: Breitbart",0
12639,BUSTED! Wikileaks Emails Document Hillary Using “Crap” Polls To Suppress Vote For Sanders,They published skewed polls in Michigan: ,0
12640,WIKILEAKS: Hillary Clinton Plants Anti-Gun Radicals At Town Hall: “Make gun control a top priority” [Video],"One of the emails contained in the Wikileaks  Podesta email release shows that Hillary Clinton had gun control supporters planted in a town hall audience in Manchester, New Hampshire.The town hall occurred on October 5, 2015; just four days after a man opened fire on Umpqua Community College campus in Oregon.In the email thread, dated October 4, 2015, a  speech draft  was passed around  on behalf of Megan Rooney.  The email contained  talking points  for Clinton to use to discuss guns in Manchester.The first part of the email reminded other campaign staffers that the town hall had no specific focus, although gun control would be highlighted:Here are short TPs about guns for the NH community college town hall >>> tomorrow. This is not a town hall exclusively about gun violence   it s just a >>> regular town hall.The email then turned, reminding everyone that there would be gun control plants at the town hall; that those plants would be from various gun control groups:But the person who will introduce [Clinton] will tell a story >>> about gun violence in her life, and there will be people in the audience >>> from gun violence orgs.The Manchester town hall was held at Manchester Community College. And the talking points advised Clinton to begin by saying,  We ve seen yet another mass murder   this time, in a community college in Oregon that s probably a lot like this one.  A text of her speech shows that she promised to  make gun control a top priority  and enumerated controls like an  assault weapons ban,  an expansion of the list of persons barred from gun possession, and more laws against straw purchases.CLINTON WORKS THE CROWD AT A PHONY TOWN HALL STACKED WITH ANTI-GUN ACTIVISTS: ",0
12641,BREAKING: HILLARY CAMPAIGN Planned Fake “GRASSROOTS” Millennial Movement To Steal Bernie Followers,"Wikileaks released another email showing how phony Hillary s campaign has been from the start. Americans should never believe the polls. Hillary has NEVER given Americans a reason to want to get behind her. Its why she and her camp, with the help of the media are constantly manufacturing what appears to be (but really is not) support for her candidacy. The most HILL-larious part of this whole story is that Hillary s camp planned to use the young Tallahassee Mayor, Andrew Gillum to launch Hillary s fake  grassroots  group after he gave a speech at the DNC about how  trust  in government  can be restored! Here is the attachment to an email addressed to Hillary s campaign manager, John Podesta:CONCEPT PAPEROBJECTIVE:Mobilize young voter participation for the 2016 election in support of Hillary ClintonSTRATEGY: Use young elected officials and entertainers to build a  grassroots  movement of under 40 voters as a vehicle to migrate support for Bernie into activism for Hillary.OPERATIONAL GOALS: Identify young elected officials (YEOs)across the country to become the face of a new organization that is focused on a progressive future. These young elected officials would promote both the organization, the ideas embraced by it and the need for civic engagement with an immediate focus on involvement in the 2016 election. They would be seen as the faces of a new progressivist movement that combines noble goals with political realities resulting in real progress.The organization would be built around a group of ideas or concepts as opposed to parties or individuals. The ideas should always reinforce the message that the under 40 generation needs to engage politically to shape their own future. Building the New Economy, Creating an Empowerment Society, Transitioning to a Sustainable World, Tearing Down Barriers are all phrases which might be included in the messaging. Support for the Hillary would be included in the messaging but initially as tangential to it, i.e.  if you support these things then there really isn t another choice but her . Over time the messaging would transition more into the actionable item of involvement in the campaign and support for its efforts.The organization should be built around a Ready for Hillary type model: grassroots driven, limited engagement of the principal, both an organizational and small dollar fundraising component, centered on-line and in venues frequented by under 40 s   college campuses, with a big emphasis on community colleges, nightclubs, athletic events, etc.The group should be branded separately from the campaign so people who engage with it feel like they created and own it as opposed to feeling swallowed by an organization that defeated them. A distinct name, artwork, website, spokespeople etc would be desired.TACTICS:The program should be launched initially in one state and then expand out. It should be seen as growing and spreading. We want people calling and asking if they can set one up in their state as opposed to forcing the model on them.The YEO s in that state would announce the formation of their group stating theirs goal to help elect a progressive President and engage young people with a goal of making sure their voices are heard and they are ready to participate. It should feel almost like  we got together and decided to do this on our own . Depending on the organizational model, they could say they all support Hillary and are doing it to help but there are bigger and longer term objectives here, etc. Ideally you could say something like the campaign is providing limited resources but has agreed any funds you raise will be directed into youth outreach.They would then do a series of event which would be a college campus  town hall  during the day and a club type event that night. The  town hall  with students would be informal with talking with students about goals, dreams, political reality, how government can make things happen, how sometimes it doesn t, etc. It would end in a pitch for them to become engaged politically to build a progressive future. Later in the evening, these YEO s would attend and speak briefly at a campaign event in a bar/club featuring a local DJ or entertainer and has a nominal contribution as part of attendence. The campus event will be used to build buzz for the second event as well as the campaign itself. As momentum grows for the organization, bigger names would be brought in for the  town hall  events as well as bigger artists for the  club  events, furthering the momentum. Eventually, HRC/WJC/CVC as well as VP and Spouse would be integrated into these events but it should be seen as them coming to the  movement  as opposed to them trying to take it over.RECOMMENDATIONS:This program be launched by Mayor Andre Gillum in Florida. Goal would be early AprilTarget is to have 10 people at launchDo events in Miami, Palm Beach, Gainesville, Jacksonville, Tampa and Orlando in April.Convene a group of National YEO s in May/June to discuss their involvement.Have organization functioning in 5 battlegound states by June 1   Florida, Colorado, Virginia, North Carolina?",0
12642,"BREAKING: CROOKED VA GOVERNOR, Close Hillary Friend Gave Wife Of FBI Official Overseeing Hillary Email Investigation $467,500","How much more criminal activity are American voters willing to overlook? Have we, as Americans gotten to the point that no crime committed by Hillary or anyone attached to Hillary will disqualify her from being elected to the highest office in our nation? Are we willing to accept that we can no longer trust anyone working for a government organization in America? The political organization of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, an influential Democrat with longstanding ties to Bill and Hillary Clinton, gave nearly $500,000 to the election campaign of the wife of an official at the Federal Bureau of Investigation who later helped oversee the investigation into Mrs. Clinton s email use.Campaign finance records show Mr. McAuliffe s political-action committee donated $467,500 to the 2015 state Senate campaign of Dr. Jill McCabe, who is married to Andrew McCabe, now the deputy director of the FBI.The Virginia Democratic Party, over which Mr. McAuliffe exerts considerable control, donated an additional $207,788 worth of support to Dr. McCabe s campaign in the form of mailers, according to the records. That adds up to slightly more than $675,000 to her candidacy from entities either directly under Mr. McAuliffe s control or strongly influenced by him. The figure represents more than a third of all the campaign funds Dr. McCabe raised in the effort.Mr. McAuliffe and other state party leaders recruited Dr. McCabe to run, according to party officials. She lost the election to incumbent Republican Dick Black.A spokesman for the governor said he  supported Jill McCabe because he believed she would be a good state senator. This is a customary practice for Virginia governors  Any insinuation that his support was tied to anything other than his desire to elect candidates who would help pass his agenda is ridiculous. Among political candidates that year, Dr. McCabe was the third-largest recipient of funds from Common Good VA, the governor s PAC, according to campaign finance records. Dan Gecker received $781,500 from the PAC and $214,456 from the state party for a campaign that raised $2.9 million, according to records; and Jeremy McPike received $803,500 from the PAC and $535,162 from the state party, raising more $3.8 million that year for his candidacy.The governor could recall only one meeting with Mr. McCabe when he and other state Democrats met with the couple on March 7, 2015, to urge Dr. McCabe to run, according to the spokesman.The FBI said in a statement that during his wife s campaign Mr. McCabe  played no role, attended no events, and did not participate in fundraising or support of any kind. Months after the completion of her campaign, then-Associate Deputy Director McCabe was promoted to Deputy, where, in that position, he assumed for the first time, an oversight role in the investigation into Secretary Clinton s emails. FBI officials said that after that meeting with the governor in Richmond on March 7, Mr. McCabe sought ethics advice from the bureau and followed it, avoiding involvement with public corruption cases in Virginia, and avoiding any campaign activity or events.Mr. McCabe s supervision of the Clinton email case in 2016 wasn t seen as a conflict or an ethics issue because his wife s campaign was over by then and Mr. McAuliffe wasn t part of the email probe, officials said. Once I decided to run,  Dr. McCabe said,  my husband had no formal role in my campaign other than to be a supportive husband to me and our children. As a federal official everyone who participated in our campaign understood and respected that he could not participate. Mr. McCabe is a longtime FBI official who focused much of his career on terrorism. His wife is a hospital physician who campaigned in northern Virginia, where the couple live with their children.The 2015 Virginia State senate race was Dr. McCabe s first run for office and her campaign spent $1.8 million. The race was part of Mr. McAuliffe s failed effort to win a Democratic majority in the Virginia legislature, which would have given him significantly more sway in Richmond, the state capital.Mr. McAuliffe has been a central figure in the Clintons  political careers for decades. In the 1990s, he was Bill Clinton s chief fundraiser and he remains one of the couple s closest allies and public boosters. Mrs. Clinton appeared with him in northern Virginia in 2015 as he sought to increase the number of Democrats in the state legislature. For entire story: WSJ",0
12643,OBAMA DANCES At Last-Ever White House Gig To Drake’s “Hotline Bling” [Video], ,0
12644,WATCH! FOX NEWS On High Anti-Trump Propaganda Mission: Obama/Clinton Stooge Masquerades As Unbiased Pundit [Video],Dennis Ross is a prior Obama and Clinton crony goes on to speak without any questioning from Shawn and then at the end Shawn speaks of Ross and his  decades of experience PROPAGANDA!!! ,0
12645,"DON’T BELIEVE THE POLLS: Massive Silent Majority Avoid Violence, Vandalism, Threats From Left…Will Vote For Trump [VIDEO]","So many acts of violence and vandalism have been committed against Americans who have voiced their support for Trump, that voters are staying silent about how they plan to vote. That doesn t mean that massive numbers of voters won t be turning out for Trump when it comes to sending in their absentee ballots or showing up to the polls on November 8th.Don t let the media discourage you from getting out to vote for Trump and don t believe the polls! Trump s rallies are a pretty good indication of how strong the momentum for his presidency really is. Trump is doing 2-4 rallies every day across America, while Hillary is either fundraising or resting. For the few rallies Hillary is actually doing, you d think she d be drawing massive crowds, but the truth of the matter is, she can barely fill a high school gym with people who are passionate about her becoming our next President.Listen to what former Governor Mike Huckabee has to say about the silent majority Trump voter:https://twitter.com/WesleyRickard/status/790329136115949570",0
12646,MEET LEFTIST ANALYSTS At Research Firm Who Created ABC/Washington Post Poll Showing Hillary With 12 Point Lead [VIDEO],"Many Americans were shocked by the latest ABC/Washington Post goal seeking report (aka  poll ) that shows Hillary opening up a 12-point lead with likely voters after the latest debate last Wednesday. Ironically, this latest polling farce was  embargoed for release after 9 a.m.  EST which certainly made it a dominant topic of conversation on all the morning talk shows.Of course, like many of the recent polls from the likes of Reuters, ABC and The Washington Post, something curious emerges when you look just beneath the surface of the headline 12-point lead.As Zero Hedge pointed out numerous times in the past, in response to Reuters  efforts to  tweak  their polls, per the The Pew Research Center, at least since 1992, democrats have never enjoyed a 9-point registration gap despite the folks at ABC and The Washington Post somehow convincing themselves it was a reasonable margin. METHODOLOGY   This ABC News poll was conducted by landline and cellular telephone Oct. 20-22, 2016, in English and Spanish, among a random national sample of 874 likely voters. Results have a margin of sampling error of 3.5 points, including the design effect. Partisan divisions are 36-27-31 percent, Democrats   Republicans   Independents. Meanwhile, with huge variances in preference across demographics one can easily see how simple it is to  rig  a poll by over indexing to one group vs. another. While the pollsters release the the split of the sample pool by political affiliation, they do not share the split by any of the following demographics which are just as important to determining the outcome of the poll.Julie E. Phelan, Lead Analyst. The Langer Research website mentions several awards Phelan has won for articles she wrote or co-authored. The article listed appear to all be related to women s rights, more specifically about women in leadership roles. Hmmm seems Julie has a passion for wanting to see more women in leadership roles in politics.In Dec. 2015, Phelan was cited for her contribution to a paper that was an initiative for NDI, whose Chairman happens to be one of Hillary s biggest cheerleaders, Madeline Albright. In that paper, titled  Tackling Violence Against Women  Phelan and co-author Rudman wrote:Phelan also co-authored  Prejudice Toward Female Leaders  with Rudman.As a reminder, Madeline Albright told women at a Hillary rally in February, 2016,  There s a special place in hell for women who don t vote for Hillary Chad P. Kiewiet de Jonge is a Senior Research Analyst for Langer Research. He graduated from Notre Dame with a PHD in 2013. His dissertation was on  Political Learning and Democratic Commitment in New Democracies. Donald Trump s visit to the U.S.-Mexico border marks the extent to which negative views on immigration fuel his candidacy for the Republican presidential nomination   and the limits they may impose.About half of potential GOP voters in the latest ABC News/Washington Post poll oppose a path to legal status for undocumented immigrants, and Trump wins support from 34 percent in this group, a remarkable tally in a 16-candidate race. Among those who favor providing legal status for undocumented immigrants, by contrast, Trump s support drops sharply, to 13 percent.Geoff Feinberg is a Senior Research Analyst for Langer Research Assoc. From 2012-2016, Feinberg was the research director of the Yale Program on Climate Change Communication at Yale University, where he oversaw numerous public opinion polls and experiments and lectured on survey methods.Clinton and Sanders supporters are more likely to understand the scientific consensus on global warming.A recent review study by Cook and colleagues found that all peer-reviewed studies about the extent of the scientific consensus about global warming have reached similar conclusions: between 90% and 100% of climate experts are convinced that human-caused climate change is happening. The most rigorous of these studies have found that 97% of climate scientists are convinced that human-caused climate change is happening.Fewer than half of any candidate s supporters are aware that such a consensus exists. However, supporters of the Democratic candidates are the most likely to think at least 90% of climate scientists are convinced:",0
12647,ERIC TRUMP Schools Liberal Hack Stephanopoulos With Facts…Fantastic! [Video], ,0
12648,FORMER U.S. ATTORNEY: FBI’s Comey Considered To Be “Dirty Cop” And Here’s Why [Video],Former U.S. Attorney Joseph diGenova slammed FBI director James Comey s handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton s private email server. DiGenova says  people both currently in the FBI and with the FBI consider Comey to be a dirty cop. ,0
12649,HILLARY BREAKS OUT Into Bizarre Fake Laughter During Comment On Stamina [Video],Remember when Hillary read the word  sigh  instead of actually sighing? Hillary reads off of the teleprompter an emotion that was meant to be a sigh and not the word  sigh    too funny! ,0
12650,"HILLARY’S CAMPAIGN MANAGER STAMMERS When Asked Why Using Trump’s Stolen Tax Returns Are Okay, But Wikileaks Emails Aren’t [VIDEO]","Hillary s shady campaign manager, Robby Mook tells Fox News  Chris Wallace that Wikileaks emails showing CRIMINAL behavior by Hillary and her campaign is not okay, but there s nothing wrong with using Trump s stolen tax returns ",0
12651,CHELSEA AND HILLARY CLINTON BASHED By Staffers: “The apple doesn’t fall far.”,Chelsea s emails are under Diane Reynolds ,0
12652,WOW! CATHOLIC PRIEST Delivers Message From Bishop: Voting For Hillary “Jeopardizes Your Spiritual Well-Being” You “Should Not Receive Holy Communion” [VIDEO]," One Party Favors Open Borders, The Other Party Favors Law And Order A priest is not only protected by the First Amendment, at least for now, he is also bound by the 5th Commandment,  Thou shalt not kill.  If a priest doesn t speak up for the most vulnerable in our society and if the Catholic faithful don t actively protect the most vulnerable in our society by refusing to enable their deliberate destruction with their vote, then such Catholics, the priest and the laity are condoning their acts with their cowardice.   Part of every Catholic s share in the hardship of the gospel, including your priests, is that we must repent of our actions that are offensive to God and destructive to our brothers and sisters. We must oppose the threats to innocent life that are the most real and the most urgent. Make no mistake, there is no single issue that threatens innocent human life more directly, consistently, imminently and urgently than the deliberate killing of baby girls and baby boys in their mother s womb No issue! We have a serious obligation to protect human life, and especially the lives of the most innocent and vulnerable among us. Whoever fails to do this, whenever otherwise able to do so, commits a serious sin of omission. They jeopardize their own spiritual well being and are a source of scandal for others. Should they be Catholics they should NOT receive holy communion. Now I hope you realize that it takes a lot of courage for a priest to communicate such challenging words as these, reminding his people that some actions are so greatly sinful, that they render   a Catholic unworthy of holy communion until there is complete repentance. A priest who is more concerned about the state of his peoples souls than they are themselves, deserves the esteem of his people for his willingness to speak such difficult truth with genuine love. To put the welfare of his people s souls ahead of his own reputation, popularity or comfort. Such a priest should receive respect, admiration and support, rather than resistance or criticism. So please pray for, thank and encourage the spiritual Father that God has appointed for you, and who loves you enough to tell you the truth with those challenging words. Because the priest who said those particular words is your Bishop and my Bishop. ",0
12653,LEAKED E-MAIL: CLINTON CAMPAIGN Compliments Dem Pundit On How Well He Lied On The ‘Today Show’,Podesta writes:  Good idea. Was your nose growing long today? That was rough. ,0
12654,TRUMP SUPPORTERS In Virginia Beach Shout Down CNN AKA Clinton News Network,  ,0
12655,VIRAL VIDEO: A Must Watch Video Hillary Doesn’t Want You To See!, ,0
12656,28 THINGS TRUMP PROMISES To Do As President…A Must Read For ALL Voters!," On November Eighth, Americans will be voting for this 100-day plan to restore prosperity to our country, secure our communities, and honesty to our government,  Trump says.  This is my pledge to you and if we follow these steps we will once more have a government of, by and for the people and importantly we will make America great again. Believe me. Here is the list of the  Contract with the American Voter  policies detailed by Trump: Propose a Constitutional Amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress  Institute a hiring freeze on all federal employees to reduce federal workforce through attrition (exempting military, public safety, and public health)  Require for every new federal regulation, two existing regulations must be eliminated.  Institute a five year-ban on White House and Congressional officials becoming lobbyists after they leave government service  Create a lifetime ban on White House officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government.  Institute a complete ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American elections.  Announce intention to renegotiate NAFTA or withdraw from the deal under Article 2205.  Announce withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership.  Direct Secretary of the Treasury to label China a currency manipulator.  Direct the Secretary of Commerce and U.S. Trade Representative to identify all foreign trading abuses that unfairly impact American workers and direct them to use every tool under American and international law to end those abuses immediately.  Lift the restrictions on the production of $50 trillion dollars  worth of job-producing American energy reserves, including shale, oil, natural gas and clean coal.  Lift the Obama-Clinton roadblocks and allow vital energy infrastructure projects, like the Keystone Pipeline, to move forward.  Cancel billions in payments to U.N. climate change programs and use the money to fix America s water and environmental infrastructure.  Cancel every unconstitutional executive action, memorandum and order issued by President Obama.  Begin the process of selecting a replacement for Justice Scalia from one of the 20 judges on my list, who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.  Cancel all federal funding to Sanctuary Cities.  Begin removing the more than 2 million criminal illegal immigrants from the country and cancel visas to foreign countries that won t take them back.  Suspend immigration from terror-prone regions where vetting cannot safely occur. All vetting of people coming into our country will be considered extreme vetting.  Work with Congress on a Middle Class Tax Relief And Simplification Act.An economic plan designed to grow the economy 4% per year and create at least 25 million new jobs through massive tax reduction and simplification, in combination with trade reform, regulatory relief, and lifting the restrictions on American energy. The largest tax reductions are for the middle class. A middle-class family with 2 children will get a 35% tax cut. The current number of brackets will be reduced from 7 to 3, and tax forms will likewise be greatly simplified. The business rate will be lowered from 35 to 15 percent, and the trillions of dollars of American corporate money overseas can now be brought back at a 10 percent rate.  Work with Congress on a End The Offshoring ActEstablishes tariffs to discourage companies from laying off their workers in order to relocate in other countries and ship their products back to the U.S. tax-free.  Work with Congress on a American Energy & Infrastructure ActLeverages public-private partnerships, and private investments through tax incentives, to spur $1 trillion in infrastructure investment over 10 years. It is revenue neutral.  Work with Congress on a School Choice And Education Opportunity ActRedirects education dollars to gives parents the right to send their kid to the public, private, charter, magnet, religious or home school of their choice. Ends common core, brings education supervision to local communities. It expands vocational and technical education, and make 2 and 4-year college more affordable.  Work with Congress on a Repeal and Replace Obamacare ActFully repeals Obamacare and replaces it with Health Savings Accounts, the ability to purchase health insurance across state lines, and lets states manage Medicaid funds. Reforms will also include cutting the red tape at the FDA: there are over 4,000 drugs awaiting approval, and we especially want to speed the approval of life-saving medications.  Work with Congress on a Affordable Childcare and Eldercare Act.Allows Americans to deduct childcare and elder care from their taxes, incentivizes employers to provide on-side childcare services, and creates tax-free Dependent Care Savings Accounts for both young and elderly dependents, with matching contributions for low-income families.  Work with Congress on an End Illegal Immigration ActFully-funds the construction of a wall on our southern border with the full understanding that the country Mexico will be reimbursing the United States for the full cost of such wall; establishes a 2-year mandatory minimum federal prison sentence for illegally re-entering the U.S. after a previous deportation, and a 5-year mandatory minimum for illegally re-entering for those with felony convictions, multiple misdemeanor convictions or two or more prior deportations; also reforms visa rules to enhance penalties for overstaying and to ensure open jobs are offered to American workers first.  Work with Congress on a Restoring Community Safety Act.Reduces surging crime, drugs and violence by creating a Task Force On Violent Crime and increasing funding for programs that train and assist local police; increases resources for federal law enforcement agencies and federal prosecutors to dismantle criminal gangs and put violent offenders behind bars.  Work with Congress on a Restoring National Security Act.Rebuilds our military by eliminating the defense sequester and expanding military investment; provides Veterans with the ability to receive public VA treatment or attend the private doctor of their choice; protects our vital infrastructure from cyber-attack; establishes new screening procedures for immigration to ensure those who are admitted to our country support our people and our values  Work with Congress on a Clean up Corruption in Washington Act.Enacts new ethics reforms to Drain the Swamp and reduce the corrupting influence of special interests on our politics.Via: Breitbart",0
12657,CAN HALLOWEEN TELL US WHO’LL WIN THE WHITE HOUSE?…Guess Which Candidate Is Crushing It In Sales?,"Can Halloween tell us who ll win the White House? Apparently, the sale of candidate masks is an eerily accurate crystal ball.According to one costume industry index, mask sales have correctly predicted the outcome of every presidential election since 1996. According to another index   which goes back further   they ve been right since 1980, when Ronald Reagan s mug outsold Jimmy Carter s by 20 percent.Being No. 1 this year, however, might indicate something else.Kim Hermann, who along with his wife, Betty, owns Novelties Unlimited in Ghent, says this election is  so contentious, most people buying candidate costumes are doing it to be negative. They re planning to suggest something other than presidential behavior. Like Hillary Clinton in a convict suit. Or Donald Trump with a license to grope. Oh, it s definitely all about mocking them,  said Chloe Nelson, a manager at Spirit Halloween, a chain of 1,200 seasonal stores that puts out one of the presidential mask indexes.At Nelson s Greenbrier Mall store, one couple planning a Halloween party bought both candidate masks so they can entertain their guests with a night of bickering: You re unfit. No, you are.It s early   the big costume rush is still a week away   but Betty Hermann was on the phone Wednesday trying to order more Trump masks. Likenesses of Hillary remained in stock   a full-head latex caricature for $25.Via: pilotonline",0
12658,ANTI-HILLARY POSTERS POP UP All Over Hollywood…Great timing!," The first time I heard Negan ask for  50 percent of everything you had,  my first thought was,  damn only 50 percent?  And he s asking! If Democrats had their way they d take everything by decree.    Sabo The artwork from conservative artist Sabo consists of blood-spattered text reading,  Negan wants 50% of your shit. Hillary demands it all.  The Walking Dead has been hijacked by a prolific street artist to protest Hillary Clinton and the presidential candidate s entire Democratic Party.The artwork from conservative artist Sabo consists of blood-spattered text reading,  Negan wants 50% of your shit. Hillary demands it all. The sentiments are based on Negan, a new villain on AMC s hit show who expressed his desire for stuff that doesn t belong to him.  In the spirit of The Walking Dead s newest villain, Negan, I drew up these posters and placed them outside of the AMC Studio offices in Santa Monica as well as near the CNN building on Sunset boulevard where there will be an anti-Hillary protest,  Sabo told THR. The first time I heard Negan ask for  50 percent of everything you had,  my first thought was,  damn only 50 percent?  And he s asking! If Democrats had their way they d take everything by decree. Read more: Hollywood Reporter",0
12659,DONALD TRUMP’S SEVEN ACTIONS To Protect American Workers, ,0
12660,TOP POLLSTER WARNS Something Strange Going On With Polls: Trump “Shock Potential Enormous”," All of the tracking polls keep holding at Trump being ahead,  he continued.  And then all of these other polls that are one-off polls, or whatever   I don t know how they re doing some of these university polls. You just put the name of some university and apparently it becomes credible, whether they know what they re doing, or not.Caddell was pointing out the discrepancy between the different types of polls.  But in any event, polling is all over the place . Something isn t adding up,  said Caddell. Something is going to happen here, I just sense it,  he concluded. Either  Hillary will glide into the White House, or we re headed for one of the greatest shocks in American politics. I think it s a very close call. I think the shock potential is enormous. Read more: Breitbart",0
12661,DINESH D’SOUZA Has A Brilliant Message For ALL Americans…Especially Never Trumpers [Video], ,0
12662,"LIVE STREAM: DONALD TRUMP -FIRST 100 DAYS SPEECH – GETTYSBURG, PA [VIDEO]", ,0
12663,WATCH WHO RACIST DINGBAT TX Rep Sheila Jackson-Lee Blames For Leaked Emails [VIDEO],"Besides Nancy Pelosi, there really isn t a dumber person in Congress than Sheila Jackson-Lee(D-TX). Watch her blame leaked emails on Wikipedia, the online source for information. Uhhh perhaps when you re criticizing someone on TV, you should know who you re criticizing:https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU7/status/789491508781035521Believe it or not, this is not one of the stupidest things she has ever said. Here are a few of Jackson-Lee s greatest hits:Here s Jackson -Lee telling fellow members of Congress that our Constitution is 400 years old:Sheila Jackson-Lee is not only one of the stupidest people in DC, she is also one of the most racist. Here she is blaming Congress for not wanting to raise the debt limit because their  racists :Here is black billionaire Herman Cain s response to dingbat, racist Sheila Jackson-Lee s ignorant comments:Here s Jackson-Lee telling congressional colleagues how much money Americans have to squander. Watch her call for martial law over the non-support of Obamacare by Americans:",0
12664,Did OPRAH Just Leave “Nasty” Hillary Wishing She Wouldn’t Have Endorsed Her? [VIDEO],"Four months ago, Oprah, the woman who made her fortune off preying on women s emotions and counting on their inability to think for themselves, gave Hillary s vagina an endorsement. She gave women absolutely no credible reason to support her, but reminded them, when you walk into the voting booth the choice is clear, one candidate has a vagina and the other one does not: Regardless of your politics, it s a seminal moment for women. What this says is, there is no ceiling, that ceiling just went boom! It says anything is possible when you can be leader of the free world. What Oprah s essentially saying to women who hang on her every word is that it doesn t matter if you or your husband don t have a job. It doesn t matter if you live in a town supported by coal that Hillary promised to destroy. It doesn t matter that Hillary left our nation s top secret classified emails exposed for anyone in the world to see, simply because she believed she was above the law, or that every other person in the history of our government has been punished for less serious breaches of our national security.  Much like she tried to convince her viewers in 2008 that American needed a black President, she s now trying to convince her viewers they need to elect our first woman for President. Am I the only woman who finds Oprah s dumbing down of women to be an insult to my intelligence? Yesterday, Oprah weighed in on the election and gave an endorsement for Hillary that was an insult to the intelligence of every woman still clinging to her failed network. She essentially told them, you may not be smart enough to follow the news or to understand the seriousness of the content of the emails being leaked that prove Hillary was using her position as Secretary of State to funnel money into her Clinton Foundation. You may not even be smart enough to understand the seriousness of the recent videos released by James O Keefe of Project Veritas that show Democrats admitting to committing massive voter fraud for decades and inciting violence at Trump rallies. You may not even be smart enough to know these people featured in the undercover videos admit that Hillary and the DNC are fully aware of, and are funding their illegal activities. Yes, these same people are tied to Hillary who admit on tape they were responsible for the unprecedented violence a horrified America witnessed at Donald Trump s rally in her hometown of Chicago But let me tell you, that nasty woman you see on TV just ignore what you see, because, as Oprah states,  She s not coming over to your house! You don t have to like her,  she said.  You don t have to like her. Watch Oprah below. She apparently couldn t offer her female viewers one concrete reason to vote for Hillary, so instead she focused on reasons to overlook her negatives and vote for her anyhow. Is this really an endorsement that will help Hillary Clinton win with thinking women or will they just use her endorsement to point out to other women that Oprah couldn t even think of one good reason to vote for Hillary other than the obvious argument used for the low information voter she has a vagina.Here s a video of Hillary speaking down to a young reporter in Oprah s beloved Africa. Maybe Oprah s decided that it s okay for women in positions of power to talk to women like this, as long as you don t invite them over for dinner:",0
12665,"WATCH OBAMA Admit To Rigged Elections In 2008: “Whenever people are in power, they have this tendency to try to tilt things in their direction.” [Video]","Obama is a scoundrel he ll say anything to stay in power. He s counting on the American people to believe his total bs story about election fraud when in 2008 he spoke of fraud. It s pretty funny that now he s claiming Trump s remarks are  dangerous  when he said the same thing in 2008! When you suggest rigging or fraud without a shred of evidence    Barack ObamaPlease be a poll challenger this year! We ve done it several times and we feel it s the only way we can combat voter fraud head on. Just contact your local Republican party office. Please consider this!At a campaign rally for Hillary Clinton on Thursday in Miami Gardens, Fla., President Obama condemned Donald Trump s  rigged election  claims, describing these remarks as  dangerous. When you try to sow the seeds of doubt in people s minds about the legitimacy of our election, that undermines our democracy,  he said. When you suggest rigging or fraud without a shred of evidence, when last night at the debate, Trump becomes the first major party nominee in American history to suggest that he will not concede despite losing that is not a joking matter,  Obama added.Trump said at the third presidential debate that he would keep the United States  in suspense  as to whether he would accept the election results. Later, at a campaign rally, he promised in a jesting manner that he would accept the results  if I win  as the crowd roared.But despite condemning Trump for suggesting an election can be rigged, here is a clip of then-candidate Barack Obama in 2008 warning about voter fraud and suggesting Republicans could try to sway the election in their favor. Well, I tell you what it helps in Ohio, that we got Democrats in charge of the machines,  Obama said regarding the threat of election-rigging.He continued,  Whenever people are in power, they have this tendency to try to tilt things in their direction. That s why we ve got to have, I believe, a voting rights division in the Justice Department that is nonpartisan, and that is serious about investigating cases of voter fraud. That s why we need paper trails on these new electronic machines so that you actually have something that you can hang on to after you ve punched that letter make sure it hasn t been hacked into,  he added, admitting that even Democrats have  monkeyed around  with election results: I want to be honest, it s not as if it s just Republicans who have monkeyed around with elections in the past. Sometimes, Democrats have, too.  ",0
12666,DONALD TRUMP TO GIVE Symbolic ‘First 100 Days’ Speech at Gettysburg Tomorrow,"DONALD TRUMP Announced he s making a symbolic speech at Gettysburg, PA tomorrow in his effort to take his case to the people. He s going to give his plan for his first 100 days in office real change and not the kind Obama planned on.While Hillary tries to run out the clock, Trump is still working like crazy to have people hear his vision for a Trump presidency Conservatives revved up about symbolism of Trump speech at Gettysburg, where the 1863 battle was a turning point in the Civil War ",0
12667,CATHOLIC PRIEST GOES OFF On Partial-Birth Abortion Hillary For Faking Endorsement From Pope Francis [VIDEO],"Father Gerald Murphy goes off on Hillary Clinton following her speech at the Al Smith elite charity dinner last night in New York, where Hillary used a quote of the Pope s as a way to fake his endorsement of her. Given what her staff said about Catholic faith about an attempt to subvert it, there should have been a statement right at the start saying, I disown everything that was written in those emails. Donald Trump has said quite clearly he s pro-life, Catholics are quite heartened by that. I wish Hillary Clinton would change her position. But at least don t try and pretend that the Pope is endorsing her by quoting him selectively. Thank you, Father! Father Gerald Murray goes off on @HillaryClinton who refused to apologize to Catholics & supports partial birth abortion! pic.twitter.com/cLvJxlwo6p  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) October 21, 2016",0
12668,#FlashbackFriday: Watch Stunning Lies That Led To This Disgusting Sexual Predator’s Impeachment [VIDEO],"Every single day for months on end, new evidence has been released that proves Hillary Clinton is a sociopathic liar. There may be some women who are willing to accept this fact and still vote for her, but what about her sexual predator husband who was impeached for lying about an affair he had with a young intern in our White House while serving as President of the United States?The media went crazy when an audio tape was released of Donald J. Trump speaking inappropriately with another man in private about a married woman while he was still single. Where is the outrage over having a man who has been found guilty of lying about sexual relations with a young girl in the White House while he was married and while he was her boss? Where is the outrage over the multiple rape and sexual assault allegations that were made about Bill Clinton years ago? These woman have all confessed to being bullied and threatened by Hillary to keep their mouths shut about what her husband did to them.For all of those too young to know about Bill Clinton and the kind of sick lying pervert he is, you will be stunned when you see this clip. For the rest of us, it s a good reminder of the kind of scum we re fighting so hard to keep out of our White House:Do Democrats really care about the rights of women? Would the same women who would vote to put Bill back in the White House remain silent if their employer allowed a known sexual predator to freely roam the halls of their workplace?If you had a young daughter or granddaughter who took a job as an intern or worked in some capacity in our White House, would you trust this creepy old man to keep his hands off her? ",0
12669,WHAT “I’m With Her” REALLY Means For Hillary Supporters [VIDEO],***SHARE This HILL-arious video everywhere!***,0
12670,TOUGH MESSAGE From Serious Women Who Don’t Use Genitalia As Reason To Vote For Next President : “We Don’t Feel Safe” [VIDEO],"The women in this video are serious minded voters. They are moms who fear for the safety of their children and grandchildren. They speak for so many of us who are sick and tired of living under a government who puts the safety and security of our nation after political correctness.We are living in perilous times, and it s comforting to know that there are so many female voters who believe our nation s security should take priority over the genitalia of our next President. There s more to choosing a leader of the greatest nation on earth than the abortion issue. It won t matter if you can take the life of an innocent child in your womb up to the moment of conception if you re living under an oppressive Sharia Law or under Communist rule.Here s a newsflash for our media and the Femi-Nazi s who would go into a polling place and vote for Hillary simply because she s a woman: Russia, Iran, North Korea, Saudi Arabia and China don t care if our next President is pro-abortion or if she has a vagina ",0
12671,BRAVO! MSNBC ANCHOR Rips Into Hypocrisy Of Media On Trump’s Election Result Comment [Video], ,0
12672,BREAKING: CROOKED SEC OF STATE HILLARY Knew Taking $12 MILLION From King Mohammed VI of “Corrupt” Morocco Might Hurt Campaign…Took It Anyway [VIDEO],"Why is this woman not in jail?The evidence is overwhelming that Hillary was putting our national security at risk by taking money for the Clinton Foundation Slush Fund from foreign governments while Secretary of State, in return for favors. The latest Wikileaks email shows that our nations security was second to Hillary s desire to not get caught so it wouldn t hurt her chances at winning the election for the highest office in our nation. Here is the insane story of more Hillary corruption:Hillary Clinton solicited a $12 million donation from a government that her State Department considered corrupt, then realized the  mess  it would cause to her presidential run, a newly leaked  email reveals.King Mohammed VI of Morocco agreed to give the money to the Clinton Foundation, provided that it hold a convention in his country in May 2015 with Clinton as the keynote speaker.But Clinton realized that the conference, slated for a month after she announced her run for president, would hurt her candidacy. No matter what happens, she will be in Morocco hosting CGI [Clinton Global Initiative] on May 5-7, 2015. Her presence was a condition for the Moroccans to proceed so there is no going back on this,  top Clinton aide Huma Abedin wrote to campaign manager Robby Mook in a November 2014 email revealed by Wiki Leaks.In another email, Abedin warned that if Clinton didn t attend, the $12 million would be off the table. Just to give you some context, the condition upon which the Moroccans agreed to host the meeting was her participation. If hrc was not part if it, meeting was a non-starter,  Abedin wrote in a January 2015  email to Mook and campaign manager John  Podesta. CGI also wasn t pushing for a meeting in Morocco and it wasn t their first choice. This was HRC s idea, our office approached the Moroccans and they 100 percent believe they are doing this at her request. The King has personally committed approx $12 million both for the [foundation s] endowment and to support the meeting,  Abedin continued. It will break a lot of china to back out now when we had so many opportunities to do it in the past few months. She created this mess and she knows it. The king gave the money to the Clinton Foundation and underwrote the CGI summit with the quid-pro-quo understanding that Hillary would attend, and other dignitaries attending were led to believe that she would be there.But Hillary sent Bill and Chelsea Clinton while she campaigned in Nevada and California.The deal with Morocco was struck even though the State Department   under Hillary Clinton   accused the country s government of  arbitrary arrests and corruption,  according to Fox News.It was unclear exactly how much went directly for the summit and how much went to the Clinton Foundation   but the total added up to $12 million, according to the emails.Guests at the May 2015 CGI summit   which was closed to the media   stayed at the five-star Selman-Marrakesh hotel, a posh lodging featuring a stable of Arabian horses and luxury amenities.The meeting was officially paid for by OCP, a Moroccan government-owned mining company that has been accused of human rights violations.Hillary Clinton supported the monarch when she was secretary of state, and the US-financed Export-Import Bank gave OCP a $92 million loan guarantee during her tenure, the Daily Caller reported.Politico reported in 2015 that Clinton  was seen by [the Moroccan capital] Rabat as among its staunchest supporters in the Obama administration. The Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice charged OCP with  serious human-rights violations,  the Daily Caller said.For entire story: NYP",0
12673,"WHY ARE DEMOCRATS Willing To Put Women Working At White House At Risk, By Allowing Sexual Predator, Accused Rapist To Roam Halls?","New Wikileaks email shows Bill Clinton wanted  Young Latina Celeb Type  on campaign trail for Hillary with him, and that Hillary s campaign was more than happy to try to make that happen. This new email should cause ever American to ask,  Why would any person who cares about women intentionally send a young female on the campaign trail with a known sexual predator and accused rapist? Bill Clinton wanted to appear on the campaign trail for his wife with  young Latina celeb types,  according to newly released hacked emails.The former president asked earlier this year for Hispanic surrogates to appear at his campaign events for Hillary Clinton, and suggested either the Castro brothers or a young female celebrity. WJC asking if we should have a Latino surrogate do events with him,  wrote Tina Flournoy, Bill Clinton s chief of staff, on Feb. 10, 2016.  Not sure that s the focus for the Sunday trip. Where are we putting him? Flournoy said Clinton suggested Juli n Castro, the secretary of Housing and Urban Development, or his brother Joaqu n Castro, a congressman from Texas. He just suggested Castro to me too,  wrote Robby Mook, Hillary Clinton s campaign manager.  Or young Latina celeb type. The campaign team then suggested actress America Ferrera, a longtime supporter of Hillary Clinton. He was thing America but that s based in his mind on 2008 [sic],  Flournoy said. We love America,  said Huma Abedin, a top Hillary Clinton aide.  Tried to get her but she couldn t do this weekend.    WFB",0
12674,IF GOOGLE TRENDS Are Any Indication Of Who Will Win Election…Hillary Is In BIG Trouble!,"Google trends can be very telling. These Google trends comparing users interest in Donald J. Trump vs. Hillary Clinton say a lot about who Americans are more interested in learning more about. While the results of these searches are likely not based on an oversampled group of Democrats, and there s no real way to know how many of the people searching Google are registered voters, it is a very good indication of which candidate running for office is more popular. Let s face it, if voters don t have any enthusiasm for a candidate, they won t be going to the polls on November 8th.In the past two hours, which candidate is the most searched on Google? To find out, hover over each state on map below and you ll mostly likely see Trump show up. This interactive map updated every 2 hours.  trends.embed.renderWidget(""US_cu_n5TKtVcBAAACoM_en"", ""fe_geo_color_chart_a76ecf6f-c9a6-4798-b038-568948d46bd0"", {}); The graph below shows how frequently Trump (red line) and Hillary (blue line) are being searched on Google:  trends.embed.renderWidget(""US_cu_n5TKtVcBAAACoM_en"", ""fe_line_chart_4be39b1e-a0dc-4ac0-8c0e-a6be30463edd"", {}); To see which state is most interested in searching issues related to the 2016 presidential election, hover over each state on image below.   trends.embed.renderWidget(""election2016"", ""fe_us_states_c4cd90ef-9673-4bc3-9cd5-bfdfd2ce862d"", {}); ",0
12675,DEMOCRAT OPERATIVES Caught Planning To Bully Women At Trump Rally [Video], ,0
12676,"CATHOLICS SHOULD BE Singing Donald Trump’s Praises After He Boldly Defended Life, While Hillary Was Forced To Admit Support For Barbaric Partial-Birth Abortion","Rush Limbaugh was cheering for Trump and how he handled the abortion question that was asked in last night s debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump. Do Catholics and other pro-life groups truly understand the significance of this election? Do they know how many Supreme Court Justices our next President will likely replace in the next 4 years? In addition to the abortion issue, our religious freedoms are at serious risk. The Left has been attacking Christianity and Judaism for years, while protecting the Muslim faith like their lives depend on it. Rush mentioned on his radio show today how shocked he was by Trump s unabashed support for the life of the unborn. He said that there has never been a presidential candidate in history who has so bravely stood up for life during a debate with the Democrat opponent, like Donald J. Trump did last night. Here is his brilliant analysis Rush: Let me ask you a question. When Chris Wallace asked this abortion question, did you people start cringing?  Oh, no, jeez, every time this comes up we get smoked, oh, my God.  And he turned it to partial-birth abortion on a dime, which was either brilliant or instinctive or combination of the two, because she had no defense for what he was alleging, and she didn t even try. Her only defense, when he brought up,  They want rip babies out of the womb a day before they re born, a week before they re born. And she doesn t deny it. All she can say is,  I have seen these women. I have met these women, and I m telling you it is one of the hardest things, I m telling you it is one of the most difficult things.  She s therefore on record as supporting partial-birth abortion last night. I will guarantee you that s the last thing anybody on the Democrat Party side ever factored would happen. That s why she wasn t prepared for it.And it was, I don t know, as I say, either brilliant or instinctive or a combination of the two, but to take that question on abortion, which has traditionally been a nail in the coffin for a Republican candidate, turn that around to a winning issue for him, a losing issue for her, and you ll note that nobody in the Drive-Bys is talking about that exchange. They don t want to go anywhere near it.And then she lied about Planned Parenthood and all these mammograms they do and all these precancer checks. They don t do a single mammogram, folks. They do not do them. They don t do checks for cancer. Their solution to everything at Planned Parenthood is an abortion. She lied through her teeth. I don t know if Trump knows that or not. Most people who,  Oh, great work, mammograms, care for women.  They don t do anything of the sort. They harvest baby parts and sell them! We now know that.But the partial-birth abortion thing, he turned it around on her. She didn t have a denial and the Drive-Bys aren t talking about it, and it s things like that in a debate you ll never hear any public reaction, no polling on it, but could have a huge impact. We ll never know. We won t know until the elections.   Via: Rushlimbaugh.com",0
12677,WHOA! ANDERSON COOPER GOT MORE Than He Bargained For When He Tried To Discredit MELANIA TRUMP’s Husband During Their Interview [VIDEO],Melania Trump is pure class. She refuses to allow Anderson Cooper to Destroy her husband or his reputation in this powerful and classy interview Here s part II:,0
12678,AN ELECTION WARNING EVERY AMERICAN SHOULD READ: “Think of what the last eight years have wrought then pitch America forward to 2024”,"As I ve said for years   on radio, TV and in print   for me the overriding issue in American politics is the corruption. In the Obama era, we have seen the remorseless merging of the party and the state   in the IRS, in the Justice Department and elsewhere. Whatever one feels about, say, Scandinavia, they at least come to their statism and socialism more or less honestly. Not so the United States.It s bad enough that Democrats aren t agitated about this corruption   but then it works to their advantage. Slightly more mysterious is why so many of my friends on the right aren t incensed by it. For months, conservative commentators assured us that, when it comes to straight arrows, no arrow is straighter than FBI honcho James Comey   non-partisan, career public servant, will follow the evidence whereso er it leads; why,  no one in law enforcement  is  more capable of navigating through a political maelstrom  and any attempts to politicize the outcome will ensure that  Comey will resign in protest, and other high-level FBI officials could follow him out the door .All bollocks. Bollocks on stilts. Like everything else the Clintons touch, Comey s FBI is hopelessly corrupted   and certainly more corrupt than J Edgar Hoover s FBI, at least in the sense that Hoover was independent enough not to get rolled. The revelations of what happened reveal Comey to be a hack and a squish: he offered immunity to Hillary s aides not to facilitate his investigation but to obstruct any further investigation; he allowed witnesses to Hillary s crimes to serve as her  lawyers ; and he physically destroyed the evidence   that is, the laptops. A 6  8  gummi worm would be more of a straight arrow.Now come the latest revelations. Powerline s John Hinderaker writes:In the first page, an unidentified FBI employee says he was  pressured  to change the classification of an email to render it unclassified. This pressure came from someone within the FBI, who said he had been contacted by Undersecretary of State Patrick Kennedy, who  had asked his assistance in altering the email s classification in exchange for a  quid pro quo.'  The quid pro quo was that, if the FBI would say the email was unclassified, the State Department would allow the FBI to  place more Agents in countries where they are presently forbidden. So, to add to the corrupt revenue agency and the corrupt justice department, we now have a corrupt national law enforcement agency and a corrupt foreign ministry   willing, indeed, to subordinate national security and its own diplomatic policy to the personal needs of Hillary Clinton. Needless to say, if you get your news from ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN, The Washington Post, The New York Times, etc, etc, you will be entirely unaware of all this. Which is the way they plan on operating for the next eight years.A small but telling point: Wikileaks  Julian Assange has lived in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London for over four years. But not until he leaked against Hillary was his Internet cut off. Hillary, out of office, has a swifter and more ruthless global reach than Hillary in office on the night of Benghazi. And, should she win, her view of her subjects is that we should have the same information access as Ecuadorian Embassy refugees.John Hinderaker continues:We have here a clear pattern of corruption that makes Watergate look like child s play. Hillary s aide, Patrick Kennedy, tried to bribe the FBI to change the classification of a Benghazi document so as to enable Hillary s false claim that she didn t send or receive classified information on her illegal home server. The FBI, to its credit, refused. (James Comey wasn t involved at that stage.)Hillary s aide then asked whether the FBI would be saying anything publicly about the classification issue. Once assured that the FBI would be silent, Hillary took the stage and alleged publicly, and falsely, that she never used her illegal home server to send or receive classified information Donald Trump has his faults, but Hillary Clinton is far too corrupt to serve as President of the United States.On that last point, I agree wholeheartedly. In any society, the chief magistrate s first duty is to uphold the law, and throughout human history his easiest temptation, once in office, has been to regard himself as above it. In this case, the American people would be electing someone who, not yet in office, is already above the law, and way beyond it. (Even her bodily fluids are above the law.) That would be an extraordinary act, and Hillary and her cronies would be entirely justified in treating such an electorate with utter contempt.As for today s impotent and ineffectual Republican establishment, they ll look like rock-ribbed steel-spined titans compared to the husks that will remain after two Hillary terms.The corruption might not seem directly relevant to the rise of Donald Trump, but it s there, implicitly. The present arrangements work for the political class, the permanent bureaucracy, their client groups, and the lawless. But not for millions of the law-abiding. Consider illegal immigration, for example, which pre-Trump was entirely discussed in terms of the interests of the lawbreakers   how to  bring them out of the shadows , how to give them  a path to citizenship , celebrate their  family values  and  work ethic    and never in terms of the law-abiding, whose wages they depress, whose communities they transform, and, in too many criminal cases, whose lives they wreck.Victor Davis Hanson writes:Something has gone terribly wrong with the Republican party, and it has nothing to do with the flaws of Donald Trump. Something like his tone and message would have to be invented if he did not exist. None of the other 16 primary candidates   the great majority of whom had far greater political expertise, more even temperaments, and more knowledge of issues than did Trump   shared Trump s sense of outrage   or his ability to convey it   over what was wrong: The lives and concerns of the Republican establishment in the media and government no longer resembled those of half their supporters.That s exactly right. This time last year, to prevent Trump all you had to do was convey that same sense of outrage. As I wrote on July 10th 2015   a mere month after Trump entered the race:Trump, like other philosophically erratic politicians from Denmark to Greece, has tapped into a very basic strain of cultural conservatism: the question of how far First World peoples are willing to go in order to extinguish their futures on the altar of  diversity .As Ann Coulter s new book Adios, America! lays out in remorseless detail, Kate Steinle is dead because the entire Democratic Party, two-thirds of the Republican Party and 100 per cent of the diseased federal-state-municipal bureaucracy prioritizes myths over reality. Yes, it s distressing to persons of taste and discrimination that the only person willing to address that reality is Donald Trump. But that s because he s not the reality-show freak here. The fake-o lame-o reality freakshow is the political pseudo-campaign being waged within the restraints demanded by the media and Macy s. So, if Donald Trump is the only guy willing to bust beyond those bounds, we owe him a debt of gratitude. If, as Karl Rove proposes, other candidates are able to talk about the subject in a more  inclusive  way, so be it. But, if  inclusive  is code for not addressing it at all, nuts to that.I think we now know that  inclusive  is code for not addressing it at all, and that, if Trump loses next month, that s what the GOP establishment will go right back to doing.Will he lose? Given that he s running against both the Democrats and half the Republican Party, he remains tenaciously just about competitive. But Victor explains where the math comes up short:What has always been missing to end the long public career of Hillary Clinton is a four- or five-percentage-point boost from a m lange of the so-called Never Trump Republicans, as well as women and suburban, college-educated independents. Winning back some of these critics could translate into a one- or two-point lead over Clinton in critical swing states.Many of those openly supporting Hillary among the right-of-center pundit class are people I have known and worked with over the years   from Dorothy Rabinowitz to Max Boot to (he s considering it) Glenn Beck. I don t quite get this. As Victor puts it:In this low-bar presidential race, why do conservative establishmentarians and past foreign-policy officials feel a need to publish their support for the Democratic candidate, when their liberal counterparts feel no such urge to distance themselves from their own nominee? Is what Clinton actually did, in leaving Iraq abruptly, or lying about Benghazi, or violating federal security laws, so much less alarming than what Trump might do in shaking up NATO or  bombing the hell out of ISIS ?Just so. Trump is an unknown. But, to channel Donald Rumsfeld, Hillary is the most known known in the history of knowns. And what we know of her is that she s stinkingly corrupt, above the law, and able to suborn entire government agencies in the cause of her corruption. Where do you think we re gonna be after eight years of that?Oh, and it will be eight years. The NeverTrumpers are saying,  Don t worry. We ll get it right in 2020 , just like after 2012 they said,  Don t worry. We ll get it right in 2016 , and after 2008 they said,  Don t worry. We ll get it right in 2012.  Next time never comes. There are no tomorrows for the Republican Party, because, unlike the GOP, the Democrats use their victories very effectively.Victor Davis Hanson lives on a small family farm in rural California, at the sharp end of the artificial and lawless demographic transformation of a once Golden State. With respect to my former colleagues in the New York and Washington commentariat, I don t think they have any idea of how bleak life is in many parts of this country. And I don t mean Jimmy Carter-like  malaise    a brief blip after three decades of post-war prosperity   but bleakness as a permanent feature of life. Perhaps I m touchy about the corruption because I m a foreigner and I ve lived in countries with clean government. Perhaps I m sensitive to the contempt in which a put-upon middle-class is held because I ve spent much of the last year in wealthy first-world countries (France, Sweden, Germany) that are on the verge of implosion over their delusional immigration policies. But the indifference from influential conservatives to both the despair and the naked corruption is deeply disturbing.Think of what the last eight years have wrought   Obamacare, a weaponized IRS, six-figure fines for homophobic bakeries   and then pitch America forward to 2024. Picture the most absurd scenario you can concoct   say, a federal transgender-bathroom regime. Oh, no, wait, we ve already got that.The left is serious about power, and they don t waste time. The idea that the most personally corrupt candidate in modern American history will govern as some sort of benign moderate centrist placeholder until the wankers who thought Jeb Bush was a superstar shoo-in come up with their next inspiration is utterly preposterous.READ MORE FROM: STEYNONLINE",0
12679,WIKILEAKS BOMBSHELL: HUGE PAY TO PLAY By Hillary That Risked Our National Security…How Is This Legal?, ,0
12680,WATCH HILLARY LAUGH When Trump Mentions Gays Who Are Thrown Off Buildings By Muslims In Countries Who Fund Her Campaign,Hillary s such a champion of gay rights that her campaign is being funded by countries who throw gays off buildings. Watch Hillary laugh about it when Donald J. Trump brings it up during their final debate:HILL-arious!,0
12681,BREAKING: TRUMP PUNKS THE PRESS: Gives Awesome Answer About Whether He’ll Accept Election Results…CROWD GOES NUTS! [Video], ,0
12682,HILLARY BASHED TRUMP For Saying He May Not Accept Election Results: Video Shows Her Telling CNN Host Gore Shouldn’t Have Conceded 2000 Election Results,"Last night during the third debate, FOX News  Chris Wallace asked Donald J. Trump if he would accept the election results? With multiple stories of voter fraud being committed by Democrats across the nation and a video (see below) proving that the DNC and Hillary s campaign are coordinating with criminals to plan massive voter fraud, why would Trump make a statement that he was willing to accept the outcome of the election regardless of how it may be won? Hillary chastised Trump for having VERY LEGITIMATE concerns over the potential for voter fraud to swing the election. Her admonishment was carried by every mainstream media outlet, but wait what about the Al Gore election result?Here s the exchange:Here s Hillary discussing Al Gore s contested election to CNN s Larry King:  From everything I ve seen and heard, ah  more people did intend to vote for Vice President Al Gore. I hope there still will be an opportunity to have the votes counted. I think that s the best for whoever is inaugurated. Watch Al Gore s announce at a press conference in 2000, that he will continue to contest the results of the election and even suggests the Republicans committed voter fraud in the hotly contested 2000 election against George W. Bush.Al Gore even goes as far as to suggest the GOP prevented blacks from voting (a common Democratic Party tactic). He makes it perfectly clear that he will not concede the election until the Supreme Court makes a decision on the election:And more recently, here is Hillary nodding in agreement with her small crowd of supporters as they chant  You won!  to her featured guest, professional liar and con-man Al Gore:https://youtu.be/xpYwiYvSO8MWatch Jr. Senator Barack Obama suggest the results of the Florida Supreme Court decision on the Bush-Gore election was incorrect (challenging the election results):WATCH this video and then tell us if you would accept the results of the election if the race is close and Hillary wins:",0
12683,LEFTY MEDIA PULLS WOMAN CARD: Why Hillary Chose To Wear White To Debate Trump,"Without saying any words, Hillary Clinton sent a message to voters the moment she walked onto the stage at Wednesday night s presidential debate in Las Vegas.Or rather the Democratic presidential candidate s white Ralph Lauren pantsuit sent the message.Clinton has worn Ralph Lauren s designs often since kicking off her campaign. For example, she wore a cobalt blue Ralph Lauren suit for the campaign s opening rally last year in New York City.But it s her choice of color   not designer   that s significant. The choice of a white suit for Wednesday s debate harkened back to the not-so-distant past, when suffragettes wore white to promote their struggle to gain the right to vote,  Booth Moore, senior fashion editor for The Hollywood Reporter and Pret-a-Reporter, told ABC News moments after Clinton took to the debate stage at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.Adds Moore,  It also serves as a reminder to voters, during a time when Trump has been under fire for lewd comments and accused by 10 women of inappropriate sexual behavior, that she is the women s candidate. There s even a connection between Clinton wearing white and being a presidential candidate.Israel Waismel-Manor, a senior lecturer at the University of Haifa s School of Political Science, tells ABC News,  Candidate  comes from the Latin word  candidatus,  which means  white-robed. It signifies you are clean, have nothing to hide, pure. Trump is the opposite. Read more: ABC ",0
12684,WOW! LOOSE CANNON HILLARY Leaked Major Nuclear Secret To World During Final Debate [VIDEO],"Is it not enough that Hillary has compromised our national security with her unsecured email server that contained top classified security emails? In her rush to prove how much more she knows that Donald J. Trump when it comes to national security, Hillary just committed treason when she revealed damning information that could compromise the safety and security of our nation Is this treasonous, loose cannon the person Democrats want representing our nation simply because  it s her turn  or because she has the proper genitalia? She s been accused during sworn testimony of disrespecting security agents and putting them in danger.She abaonded her  friend  Ambassador Chris Stevens and left him to the Islamists who slaughtered him in Benghazi.Tonight during the final presidential debate Hillary Clinton leaked more national security secrets.Hillary said it took four minutes between the nuclear order and nukes flying.  GPCareless Hillary told the WORLD the US 'Nuclear Response' Time!! REALLY??#ChrisWallace #debatenight @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump #Trump pic.twitter.com/grOKowwVQI  John T. Miller   (@cyvault) October 20, 2016https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU7/status/788945122176081920 ",0
12685,BREAKING: Philippines President Announces ‘Separation’ From U.S….Now Supporting THIS Super Power [Video], ,0
12686,HERE’S THIS LIST OF REPUBLICANS Running For Re-election In 2016 Who Won’t Support Trump,"Here is the list of Republicans who won t support Trump. The candidates highlighted in blue are in close races in their states.Hmmm .I wonder how many of these politicians wouldn t be in close races today if they had endorsed Trump? Kelly Ayotte, Senator of New Hampshire Robert Bentley, Governor of Alabama Jaime Herrera Beutler, Representative of Washington Bradley Byrne, Representative of Alabama Jason Chaffetz, Representative of Utah Mike Coffman, Representative of Colorado Barbara Comstock, Representative of Virginia Michael D. Crapo, Senator of Idaho Dennis Daugaard, Governor of South Dakota Rodney Davis, Representative of Illinois Deb Fischer, Senator of Nebraska Jeff Flake, Senator of Arizona Jeff Fortenberry, Representative of Nebraska Darryl Glenn, Running for Senate from Colorado Cory Gardner, Senator of Colorado Scott Garrett, Representative of New Jersey Kay Granger, Representative of Texas Cresent Hardy, Representative of Nevada Bill Haslam, Governor of Tennessee Joe Heck, Representative of Nevada, running for Senate Gary R. Herbert, Governor of Utah Jon M. Huntsman Jr., Former governor of Utah Will Hurd, Representative of Texas David Jolly, Representative of FloridaJohn Kasich, Governor of Ohio John Katko, Representative of New York Steve Knight, Representative of California Mike Lee, Senator of Utah Frank A. LoBiondo, Representative of New Jersey Mia Love, Representative of Utah Susana Martinez, Governor of New Mexico John McCain, Senator of Arizona Patrick Meehan, Representative of Pennsylvania Lisa Murkowski, Senator of Alaska George E. Pataki, Former governor of New York Erik Paulsen, Representative of Minnesota Tim Pawlenty, Former governor of Minnesota Rob Portman, Senator of Ohio Martha Roby, Represenative of Alabama Tom Rooney, Representative of Florida Brian Sandoval, Governor of Nevada Mike Simpson, Representative of Idaho Chris Stewart, Representative of Utah Dan Sullivan, Senator of Alaska John Thune, Senator of South Dakota and chairman of the Republican Conference Fred Upton, Representative of Michigan Ann Wagner, Representative of Missouri",0
12687,THE DAY I WATCHED OUR VOTES BEING STOLEN…As The Republican Party I Risked My Life For Stood By And Did Nothing [VIDEO],"Dear Barack Obama, please don t tell me voter fraud isn t possible in a state where the Governor and Secretary of State are Republicans. I live in the very blue state of Michigan where both offices are held by Republicans and I beg to differ I was a poll challenger in the city of Pontiac, MI in 2012 and again, in 2014. The video below is an interview I did with Dennis Michael Lynch where I discuss the unbelievable corrupt behavior by the poll supervisor and voter fraud I witnessed. Dennis starts out the video by discussing Republican Governor Rick Snyder.  Although I am no fan of the Governor s I m not sure he ever knew about the decision by the GOP to ignore the voter fraud we witnessed. But Republican Secretary of State Ruth Johnson s office was fully aware of the voter fraud we witnessed and chose to look away.My best friend and business partner Leisa and I asked  to go to Detroit in 2012 to work as poll challengers. We were given the assignment, left early in the morning and headed into what we were sure was going to be a contentious day. We couldn t have been more wrong. The women who were supervising the polling places were serious and followed the rules to a tee. Besides the fact that every voter coming into the polling place had what is called a  Black Slate  (that s essentially a mock up of the ballot with the spots marked where voters were expected to fill in) we couldn t find a single irregularity or rule that wasn t being followed. The  Black Slate  was a sort of cheat sheet for uniformed voters. There were no decisions that had to be made by the voter, just fill in the ovals exactly as they appeared on the  Black Slate   and voil you ve voted! No need to pick candidates, judges or even to make decisions on ballot proposals, they ve already been made for you by whomever decided how black Michigan residents should vote. We were pleased to see that there weren t any issues at the Detroit polling place, so we decided to move to Pontiac where a friend had been messaging us about some  strange things  that were happening. She had never been a poll challenger before, but was wondering if people should have been putting their own ballots in the machine in the early morning hours just after the opening of the polls.Upon entering the polling place, we were greeting by a supervisor. She was a black woman with a very stern look on her face. We smiled, handed her a box of donuts, introduced ourselves and said we were working for the Republican Party as poll challengers. Her response was,  I ll be watching you watching me.  That was just the start of what turned out to be a very contentious day at the polls.I spent the day with my good friend Dennis Michael Lynch driving around Detroit and talking to people about jobs and other issues. While we were driving, Dennis asked me to tell him my story. Although it s not my most flattering angle LOL here is my story:There were 3 precincts within one building where we landed in Pontiac. The black female supervisor at the precinct where I was working was getting very frustrated by presence at the polls. It was pretty clear they were not conditioned to having anyone watch the voting process, as the workers and supervisors all appeared to be on edge. As voters came through they were asked to show identification in order to get their registration form. After they received their white voter registration form, they moved down the line for the next person who had a voter roll book with the names and addresses of the voters. The person with the book was supposed to check the picture ID against the name on the form and the name in the book. The person with the book appeared to be intentionally blocking me out so I couldn t see the book. I tried to lean around him and the supervisor yelled at me to  get back!  She kept saying,  You re making him uncomfortable!  I continued to move around until I could find a spot within the boundaries I was allowed to stand in, so I could be sure the voters names were matching those in the voter roll book. Every time I would start to get a closer look, he would slam the book shut and either say, their names were in the book, or that they weren t, in which case, he would pull out his flip phone and dial a number. He claimed he was calling the City Clerk and after giving the voters name, he would say the Clerk said  it was okay for them to vote . I would challenge the vote, as I couldn t see the book or the voters name on their ID, the supervisor would ignore me. Over and over again, I said I wanted to challenge the vote, and she ignored me. At one point things became so heated that she pressed her chest up against mine and was physically threatening me to back away from the process. I refused, and  the voters in the line began to cheer for her, like we were in some sort of cage match.After several SOS phone calls to the MI Republican Party hotline, they finally sent an attorney who witnessed the supervisor ignoring me when I asked for her to challenge the vote. Leisa, the attorney who was working for the GOP or Mitt Romney (we never got a straight answer about who he was working for from the GOP) and I took notes, we were all stunned at what we witnessed.I waited a few days after Mitt Romney s devastating defeat hoping I would hear from someone in the Republican Party. I never did. Several days later, I took it upon myself to call the MI GOP Party Chairman, who at the time was Bobby Schostak. I relayed part of my story to him, he didn t seem to be very interested and told me to call our Republican Secretary of State Ruth Johnson. I called her office and explained why I was calling. I never heard back. I called the person who scheduled us at the polling place and asked if the attorney was going to move forward with charges. He told us if the GOP was going to do anything, they would likely contact me. We never heard back from anyone.Two years later we returned to the same polling place and again witnessed more shenanigans. This time they were ready for us. Large men appeared out of nowhere and lined up against the wall directly across from where I was standing. They were watching me. On several occasions, one of them would come up and ask me why I was there. I explained I was only protecting the sanctity of the vote and it wasn t a Republican or Democrat thing. Protecting the sanctity of our vote was for the good of every American. He sneered and walked away. When things became heated between a poll worker and me because she kept insisting I was  making her uncomfortable,  I called and begged for the Republican Party to send a representative to help us out. When they finally sent someone, the City Clerk approached us and told me he had to leave. I explained that he could be there, so she called a Sheriff to come down and deal with me. Together, they threatened to have me arrested if I continued to break the rules. I explained I wasn t breaking any rules and reminded the Sheriff that if he was going to threaten me, he should understand the law. Ten minutes later, the City Clerk approached me and told me she was  sorry  that it appeared I hadn t broken any laws. As it turns out, she was only using the Sheriff as a prop. She wanted to create a news story. She wanted to say they had to call in a law enforcement officer to prevent me from intimidating the voters. When we left for lunch she called the press. The story was printed with no opposition to their lies and we were never contacted to give our side. The GOP party told us to leave after lunch. They said the press was there and they didn t want us to talk to them. We reluctantly left.After our second time at the same polls and not seeing any real improvement, I decided I needed to demand someone from the Secretary of State s office speak to me. I called Ruth Johnson s office and I was directed to her assistant, Linda Lee-Tarver (who for the record is a lovely woman and I do believe she was genuinely concerned about our situation). I spent over an hour on the phone with Linda Lee -Tarver explaining in great detail all that took place on that day. She said she was stunned, and that I should tell everything to Secretary of State Ruth Johnson s Chief of Staff Mike Seneyko. I then spoke with Mike on the phone for over an hour. He promised they would do something. I never heard back from him. To this day, I have yet to hear back from a single GOP official. Apparently, two mothers who risked their safety and possibly our lives to protect the sanctity of the vote was not important enough to them.Will we be poll challenger again? You betcha. Just knowing that we possibly slowed the bleed a bit makes me feel like it was all worth it. Do I trust the GOP to take voter fraud by Democrats seriously? Hell no ",0
12688,"TRUMP SUPPORTERS Heckle Clinton Chairman: “We Got Your Emails, John Podesta!”[Video]","Based #Trump supporters heckle @johnpodesta white @wolfblitzer tries to interview him.  we got your emails, John Podesta!  #MAGA pic.twitter.com/yblxHA9hOO  MicroSpookyLeaks  (@WDFx2EU7) October 19, 2016",0
12689,GROSS! MADONNA OFFERS UP Sexual Services If You Vote For Hillary,"[Warning: Story contains graphic language]Pop star Madonna got raunchy while introducing comedian Amy Schumer at a performance in New York City Tuesday night, promising the crowd sexual favors in exchange for their support of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. If you vote for Hillary Clinton, I will give you a blowjob. OK?  the 58-year-old Rebel Heart singer told an audience at New York s Madison Square Garden Tuesday night.  I m really good. I m not a douche, and I m not a tool. I take my time, I have a lot of eye contact, and I do swallow. The comments came as Madonna warmed up the crowd with a very brief standup set ahead of the Trainwreck star s performance at the Garden Tuesday night, according to the New York Daily News.Schumer took the stage afterward for her first stand-up gig since hundreds of supporters of Republican candidate Donald Trump stood up and walked out of her performance in Tampa, Florida earlier this week after the comedian called him an  orange monster.  As Breitbart previously reported, Shumer was widely booed during the performance at Tampa s Amalie Arena, where she instructed security to remove hecklers.During her performance Tuesday night, Schumer read aloud a letter she composed in response to the Trump fans who walked out on her show in Tampa. Dearest Tampa, I m sorry you didn t want me, a comedian who talks about what she believes in, to mention the biggest thing going on in our country right now,  Schumer said, adding:  How could I think it was OK to spend five minutes having a peaceful conversation with someone with different views? After the show, I want you to know that I will go straight to a rehab facility. Read more: Breitbart",0
12690,WIKILEAKS: Here’s Evidence Hillary And Obama Are Nothing But Puppets For This Man…Vote Trump!,"Here s the evidence of just how much danger we re in:Globalist and one world demon George Soros is mentioned over 50 times in the Wikileaks emails. Doesn t that tell us so much about what the Democrats are up to? Who runs the US? Apparently George Soros.The liberal billionaire funder, who has been tied to a globalist elite pushing the Muslim migrant crisis and multiculturalism onto Western societies, comes up a lot in private discussions between top Hillary Clinton campaign officials.A search by American Lookout showed Soros has been mentioned at least 56 times throughout the 11 batches of emails put out by Wikileaks which show collusion between elites, the mainstream media and the Hillary campaign.Likewise, Soros was directly mentioned in multiple subject headlines on emails, often times requesting a meeting with top Clinton official, John Podesta.Take a look:There s even one email where the Clinton operatives speak of Hillary wanting to please Soros. Who the hell is in charge here? A Hungarian anti-semite?Don t forget that Obama is heavily connected to Soros too.So which will it be for America?Do we choose a puppet like Hillary or a man who refuses to be bought by the establishment?PLEASE CHOOSE FREEDOM! PLEASE CHOOSE TRUMP!Read more: GP ",0
12691,EMOTIONAL TRUMP ENDORSEMENT From Former FBI Asst Director: “Our country is going down the tubes” [Video],"Former FBI Asst Director James Kallstrom endorses Donald J. Trump  and he s emotional about it:  our country is going down the tubes.  pic.twitter.com/Ym6yxWhah6  Varney & Co. (@Varneyco) October 19, 2016",0
12692,IN-YOUR-FACE CENSORSHIP! CNN Cuts Feed Of Pro-Trump Congressman As Soon As He Brought Up Wikileaks [VIDEO],"Clinton News Network  a propaganda arm of the Clinton campaign, where opposing voices are shut down and truth is distorted every day Watch this in-your-face example of censorship when Congressman Collins brings up Hillary Clinton and the Wikileaks emails: https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU7/status/788743777569562624This is the same network and host Chris Cuomo that only last week told it s viewers it was ILLEGAL to read the Wikileaks emails (watch HERE). But not to worry, Chris Cuomo then we  LOL! Watch CNN cut feed of Congressman who mentions Wikileaks only one week after telling viewers it was ILLEGAL to view #Wikileaks emails.  Click to Tweet nt on to explain that they d be happy to decipher the leaked emails for their viewers.",0
12693,DEMOCRAT THUGS VANDALIZE REPUBLICAN Offices Across Several States…Now Who’s “Deplorable”?,"NC REPUBLICAN HEADQUARTERS Firebombed By The Terrorists On The LeftINDIANA REPUBLICAN OFFICE VANDALIZED:DELAWARE COUNTY, Ind.   The Delaware County Republican Party said vandals struck at their office last week.Someone threw two landscaping bricks through a window on Oct. 8. Signs for Donald Trump and Todd Young were hanging on the window at the time, according to the group s Facebook page.Officials said it would cost about $1,200 to replace the broken window and said anyone interested in helping cover the cost could donate online.This week, Delaware County Sheriff Ray Dudley said his office has received reports of campaign signs being taken from yards in the Yorktown and Mount Pleasant Township area.Dudley said the reports were being taken seriously and that removing signs without the authority to do so may be criminal conversion under Indiana s criminal code. Via: FOX59",0
12694,LOL! DEM OPERATIVE TIED TO HILLARY Quits After He’s Caught Discussing Voter Fraud Efforts On Undercover Tape [VIDEO]," We have always adhered to the highest standards of transparency and legality  LOL! Sounds like he may be living in an alt-left world Andrew Breitbart would be so proud of James O Keefe if he were alive today. We are in a serious #war with the Left and O Keefe is on the front lines.Robert Creamer, a central subject of two recent James O Keefe expos s broken this Monday and Tuesday, has resigned  from his responsibilities working with the campaign.  James O Keefe s Project Veritas has today published a statement of resignation from Robert Creamer:Creamer denies any wrongdoing in his letter of resignation, instead insisting that the  notorious right wing blogger O Keefe  is mistaken:Democracy Partners regards our nation s election laws and the integrity of our democratic institutions with utmost seriousness. And we have only ever-engaged in legal and nonviolent methods to demonstrate how Donald Trump is unfit to be President. Period.Towards the end of his resignation, Creamer blames O Keefe s  dirty tricks  and claims that O Keefe  uses methods that would make Richard Nixon and the Watergate burglars proud :O Keefe executed a plot that involved the use of trained operatives using false identifications, disguises and elaborate false covers to infiltrate our firm and other consulting firms, in order to steal campaign plans, and goad unsuspecting individuals into making careless statements on hidden cameras.Creamer s organization Democracy Partners repeats this analysis of the situation in a post on Facebook, going on to claim that the  alt-right takeover of the Republican Party has poisoned our country. Here s the video:Breitbart News detailed the connection in an article about the original video released exclusively by Breitbart this Monday:In one hidden camera video, filmed at Creamer s Washington, D.C. office, Creamer explains that Hillary Clinton is aware of  all  of his activities, directly or indirectly, and that Democracy Partners has a daily conference call with the Clinton campaign, as well as frequent calls with the White House.Creamer has been a  political organizer and strategist for over four decades,  according to his organization s bio, and began  his organizing career in 1970 working with Chicago s Citizen Action Program (CAP), which had been organized by Saul Alinsky s Industrial Areas Foundation.  Creamer has written for the Huffington Post, and his columns were regularly sent to a Google Group associated with John Podesta during the Obama administration.Creamer is married to congresswoman Jan Schakowsky, and has previously served time in prison for check-kiting.Via: Breitbart",0
12695,TWO WEEKS BEFORE 1980 ELECTION Polls Showed Carter-47 Vs Reagan-39…Reagan Won In LANDSLIDE…Why Trump Will Likely Do The Same,"Don t believe the polls. They are created in such a way (many by Hillary operatives or supporters) to discourage voters from turning out to vote on Nov. 8th. If America is to defeat the massive voter fraud by Democrats that we ve been witnessing on undercover videos and reading in newspapers, we need to win by a large margin. It s not enough for us to get to the polls and vote, we need to encourage everyone we know to do the same. Hillary will have no problem accepting a win in the upcoming election whether or not the result is legal or legitimate is of no concern to Crooked Hillary Ann Coulter warned in her book Slander in 2003 that the far left main stream media always uses polls to push their agenda. Polls can be skewed by selecting an unreasonable sample size, by asking lead up questions or by selecting more of a sample population of one side of an issue to achieve a desired result.Main stream media skews polls to discourage potential voters from voting and has done it for years.A good example of the media trying to shape a vote was in 1980. In a Gallup poll released on October 26th in 1980, two weeks before the election, Jimmy Carter was leading Ronald Reagan 47   39. Two weeks later Reagan won in such a landslide that Carter conceded before California was closed.Another example of mainstream liberal media bias was in 1988. A Gallup Poll from July 26 showed Michael S. Dukakis leading George H. W. Bush by 17 points. Of course Bush went on to thump Dukakis in the general election.This past week a number of polls show Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump by various margins. One poll last week reported by NBC/WSJ showed Hillary ahead by 11. However, 100percentfedup.com pointed out that NBC/WSJ didn t mention that the poll was created by a Hillary Super PAC.It s also well known that the Monmouth University poll is run by a Hillary Huckster who recently was caught manipulating a poll and then lied about it.Realclearpolitics.com takes an average of these distorted polls to come up with their analysis of the current race. Their efforts are a great example of the phrase    garbage in   garbage out .Expert AnalysisWith all the liberal distortions and dishonesty we decided to have a small team of actuarial and statistics professionals take a look at a couple of the recent polls to get their take on the reliability of these polls. They selected the recent FOX poll from October 14 showing Hillary up by 7 and the WSJ/NBC poll from October 16 showing Hillary with an 11 point lead.The first observation is that both polls are heavily skewed towards Democrats. At a high level, the FOX poll consists of 43 Dems to 36 Reps to 21 Other while the NBC poll shows 44 Dems to 37 Reps to 19 Other.By selecting more Dems the polls are designed to provide a Dem result.Our experts next analyzed the data and calculated results using the same data from the two surveys on a split of 40 Dems, 40 Reps and 20 Other. The results show that using either sets of data Trump comes out ahead with a larger margin of victory using the FOX data.Clearly the polls using data that is heavily weighted towards Democrat voters is incorrectly skewed.This year Republicans crushed their previous record in the primaries for number of votes by 150%. Their old record was 20 million and this year 31 million voted in the primaries.The Democrats on the other hand had 7 million votes less than their record year in 2008 with 30 million this year compared to 37 million in 2008.Also, the primaries were heavily contested on both sides resulting in factions from each party vowing not to vote for the party candidate. The impact of these two groups is difficult to judge. The percentage of these voters that change parties is probably limited. If anything, the Sanders people will probably be more likely to vote for Trump since he is an outsider and many of them will never vote for Crooked Hillary.Finally, it is difficult to determine what the independent voters will do but many independent voters partook in the primaries to vote for Trump. Therefore it is more likely that Independent voters vote for Trump as well.If more Democratic voters vote for Trump than Republicans vote for Hillary and more Independents vote for Trump than Hillary, both scenarios which are highly likely, then the results of the general election will likely be a Trump landslide.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
12696,BREAKING: Ecuadorian Embassy Admits They Cut Wikileaks Internet After Pressure From John Kerry,"The Ecuadorian government admitted on Tuesday they cut Julian Assange s internet on Saturday due to his interference with the US elections.Assange and Wikileaks have released over 12,000 emails showing corruption, theft, lies and scheming by the Hillary Clinton campaign and Democrat party in this year s election.Ecuador admitted it took action after Wikileaks published a wealth of documents impacting the US election campaign.Secretary of State John Kerry demanded the Ecuadorian Embassy in London cut off Julian Assange s internet be cut off.Wikileaks said Tuesday that Secretary of State John Kerry asked Ecuador to stop WikiLeaks founder, Julian Assange, from publishing leaked emails that could disrupt peace negotiations with a guerrilla group in Colombia.Assange, who has been in refuge in Ecuador s embassy in London for more than four years, saw his access to the internet cut over the weekend.WikiLeaks blamed the U.S. government, saying Secretary of State John Kerry had requested the move. The John Kerry private meeting with Ecuador was made on the sidelines of the negotiations which took place principally on Sep 26 in Colombia,  WikiLeaks tweeted. Read more: GP ",0
12697,DEMOCRATS ADMIT PLAN To Commit Mass Voter Fraud [Video], ,0
12698,BOYCOTT THE MEDIA! You Know It’s Bad When MSNBC Anchor Calls Out Media Bias On Trump…”Deplorable”, ,0
12699,YOU’RE FIRED! MITT ROMNEY’S NIECE Tells MI GOP Grassroots Chair And Former Ted Cruz State Director…Get Behind Trump Or Get Lost,"Some of the most divisive, partisan politics can be found within the Republican party itself. The media is in collusion with the Democrats who are unanimously supporting woman who should ve been in prison decades ago. Every day a new revelation is made about the criminality of Hillary Clinton and those who surround her. Meanwhile, we ve got people like MI Grassroots Vice Chair Wendy Day talking about voting her  conscience.  Guess what Wendy the next 3 or 4 leftist Supreme Court Justices won t care about your conscience Wendy Day, a grassroots vice chair with the Michigan Republican Party, recently announced that she is  unable to endorse  Republican Donald Trump for president   a decision that has cost her the position with the state party.Michigan Republican Party Grassroots Vice Chair Wendy Day was removed from her office on Monday after voicing opposition to Republican Presidential Nominee Donald Trump.Michigan Republican Party Chair Ronna Romney McDaniel on Monday responded by declaring the seat vacant. Day occupied one of just 12 positions in the party that required officeholders to support nominees chosen by the voters, Romney-McDaniel said in an email to State Committee members on Monday. Upon seeking advice from our legal counsel, and recognizing that our Grassroots Vice Chair is unable to fulfill the duties of her office, I am declaring the position of Grassroots Vice Chair vacant,  Romney McDaniel said. This has been one of the more difficult decisions I have made as Chair. Wendy is my friend,  Romney McDaniel added.  I want to thank Wendy for her service and leadership to our party and know that she will continue to be a strong leader in the Republican Party. In coming to this decision, I applied the rule as if the nominee were Mitt Romney, John McCain, Rick Snyder, or any other Republican Party nominee. Romney McDaniel had offered day the chance to support Trump or step down, but Day declined to resign in letter to Romney McDaniel posted publicly on social media earlier Monday. In the letter Day said she sees her decision to not endorse Trump as  a matter of conscience. In a letter to Romney McDaniel which Day posted publicly on social media Monday, Day said she sees her decision to not endorse Trump as  a matter of conscience.  MLive",0
12700,ELECTION WHISTLEBLOWER: DOJ In Cahoots With Dems…4 Million Dead On Voter Rolls…Trump Is Right! [Video],"J. Christian Adams: Dead people are voting and it s something this administration does not want to do anything about. They must like it. They must like who they are voting for  Now we have four million, four million Steve, ineligible and dead voters on American voter rolls according to the Pew Charitable Trust.While the press and Democrats call Trump a  racist  for even suggesting the voting system is rigged, we find out that the Democrats are refusing to do anything about the 4 million dead people still on voter rolls.Elections expert J. Christian Adams told FOX and Friends on Tuesday morning there are 4 million dead people on US voter rolls. Far left groups continually sue to keep them there. The Obama administration has no desire to clean up these voter rolls.",0
12701,WOW! HILLARY Took State Department Furniture To Furnish Residence,"Most of the documents are testimonies provided to federal investigators in interviews the agents conducted with witnesses.In one of the documents, an unnamed State Department official tells the FBI that  early in Clinton s tenure as Secretary of State, she and her staff were observed removing lamps and furniture from the State Department, which were transported to her residence in Washington, D.C. The staffer did not know  whether these items were ever returned to the government upon Clinton s departure from the State Department. The Clintons were accused of taking more than $200,000 worth of furnishings and other items from the Executive Mansion after they left the White House in 2001, PolitiFact reported. They eventually returned several items due to political pressure.",0
12702,WHOA! MELANIA TRUMP BREAKS HER SILENCE…Fires Back At Trump Accusers [VIDEO],"Melanie Trump is more than just a pretty face. She is brilliant and is not likely someone who is pushed around. In her interview on Fox & Friends that will air on Tuesday between 6-9 am EST, Melania talks about her husband s accusers with Fox and Friends host Ainsley Earhardt. She makes a great point about the timing of Trump s accusers and suggests the correct way for them to handle their accusations I was not surprised in one way, because as I said before, everything was organized. It is 3 weeks before the elections, all these women coming out. These are allegations that are not true. Why now? Why 3 weeks before the election? Why they are accusing my husband  that is not the man I know. They want to damage the presidency of my husband Class act ",0
12703,BRAVE FBI AGENTS Come Forward On Clinton Email Scandal: “Comey thought this was going to go away”,"FBI agents say the bureau is alarmed over Director James Comey s decision to not suggest that the Justice Department prosecute Hillary Clinton over her mishandling of classified information.According to an interview transcript given to The Daily Caller, provided by an intermediary who spoke to two federal agents with the bureau last Friday, agents are frustrated by Comey s leadership. This is a textbook case where a grand jury should have been convened, but was not. That is appalling,  an FBI special agent who has worked public corruption and criminal cases said of the decision.  We talk about it in the office and don t know how Comey can keep going. The agent was also surprised that the bureau did not bother to search Clinton s house during the investigation. We didn t search their house. We always search the house. The search should not just have been for private electronics, which contained classified material, but even for printouts of such material,  he said. There should have been a complete search of their residence,  the agent pointed out.  That the FBI did not seize devices is unbelievable. The FBI even seizes devices that have been set on fire. Another special agent for the bureau who worked counter-terrorism and criminal cases said he is offended by Comey s saying:  we  and  I ve been an investigator. After graduating from law school, Comey became a law clerk to a U.S. District Judge in Manhattan and later became an associate in a law firm in the city. After becoming a U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York, Comey s career moved through the U.S. Attorney s Office until he became Deputy Attorney General during the George W. Bush administration.After Bush left office, Comey entered the private sector and became general counsel and Senior Vice President for Lockheed Martin, among other private sector posts. President Barack Obama appointed him to FBI director in 2013 replacing out going-director Robert Mueller. Comey was never an investigator or special agent. The special agents are trained investigators and they are insulted that Comey included them in  collective we  statements in his testimony to imply that the SAs agreed that there was nothing there to prosecute,  the second agent said.  All the trained investigators agree that there is a lot to prosecuted but he stood in the way. He added,  The idea that [the Clinton/e-mail case] didn t go to a grand jury is ridiculous. According to Washington D.C. attorney Joe DiGenova, more FBI agents will be talking about the problems at bureau and specifically the handling of the Clinton case by Comey when Congress comes back into session and decides to force them to testify by subpoena.DiGenova told WMAL radio s Drive at Five last week,  People are starting to talk. They re calling their former friends outside the bureau asking for help. We were asked today to provide legal representation to people inside the bureau and agreed to do so and to former agents who want to come forward and talk. Comey thought this was going to go away. Read more: Daily Caller ",0
12704,‘TAKE THE MONEY!’ How Clinton Campaign Sold Out To Lobbyists For Foreigners,"Aides to Hillary Clinton considered a ban on bundling from lobbyists representing foreign interests, decided against it and forgot to tell the candidate.Senior staff decided to bar lobbyists registered under the Foreign Agents Registration Act, FARA, from raising money for the campaign in a leaked email chain that began the day after Clinton announced her presidential bid.They were persuaded to reverse their position after members of the finance team and a campaign lawyer pointed out how much money was at stake. Take the money!!  Communications Director Jennifer Palmieri advised.Factors he said should be considered:  The relationship between that country and the United States, its relationship to the State Department during Hillary s time as Secretary, and its relationship, if any, to the Foundation.Finance Director Dennis Cheng was among the aides involved in the discussion who came down on the side of accepting the money. I feel like we are leaving a good amount of money on the table,  Cheng wrote.  How do we explain to people that we ll take money from a corporate lobbyist but not them; that the Foundation takes $ from foreign govts but we now won t. Mook finally wrote back that Elias  made a convincing case  to him  these sorts of restrictions don t really get you anything Obama actually got judged MORE harshly as a result. So in a complete U-turn, I m ok just taking the money and dealing with any attacks. Are you guys ok with that?  he asked.Only one aide responded on the chain   Palmieri.  Take the money!!  she said.Read more: Daily Mail",0
12705,WIKILEAKS: No Stamina? Hillary’s Aide Asked To Cut Speech Due To Lack Of Podium…To Lean On,Via: Wikileaks,0
12706,HILLARY CLINTON ‘Insulted’ And ‘Embarrassed’ Ambassadors By Refusing to Follow Decorum,"A former member of Hillary Clinton s security detail while she was serving as secretary of state said she frequently and  blatantly  disregarded security and diplomatic protocol during her tenure.An interview with the ex-agent was part of the FBI s newest document release pertaining to the investigation into Clinton s private email server she used while working at the State Department.The source, formerly a member of the State Department s Bureau of Diplomatic Security, explained how the secretary was to ride in an armored limousine with the local U.S. ambassador while traveling abroad, but Clinton  refused to do so,  the agent said,  instead choosing to be accompanied in the limousine by her [deputy] Chief of Staff, Huma Abedin. This frequently resulted in complaints by ambassadors who were insulted and embarrassed by this breach of protocol,  the security official told the FBI.Read more: Daily Mail ",0
12707,DRUDGE THREATENS HILLARY…He’s About To Drop Bombshell About Her “Sex Stuff”,"Poor old Crooked Hillary the hits are coming faster than she can lie her way out of them Matt Drudge of the Drudge Report has warned Hillary Clinton that he s about to drop a bombshell about her  sex stuff  Saturday morning.https://twitter.com/DRUDGE/status/787326951920902144 Oh, on the sex stuff. Hillary is about to get hers ,  Drudge said in a tweet.Drudge tweeted a picture of Clinton on the Ellen DeGeneres Show, where she appeared Friday in her first interview following the second presidential debate with Donald Trump.The  sex stuff  Drudge is referring to concerns Clinton s sexuality, which the London Times and several other foreign newspapers brought into question back in 2007 when Clinton was accused of having an affair with her aide Huma Abedin.The Clinton campaign responded to these reports, saying that the reports were  ridiculous  and not to be taken seriously. This does not even qualify as tabloid trash  it s ridiculous and reckless,  a Clinton aide said to The Week.A rumor circulated in the 1990s saying that Clinton was secretly okay with her husband s extramarital affairs because she was secretly a lesbian, but there has been no truth to the rumor.This isn t the first time Clinton has been accused of cheating on her husband. Via: Breitbart News",0
12708,WIKILEAKS SMOKING GUN: Here’s Best Proof Hillary Is Just A Puppet for Globalist George Soros, ,0
12709,BREAKING UNDERCOVER VIDEO: Democrat Operative…”We’re Starting Anarchy Here”…Hillary Knows What’s Going On… Mentally Ill People Paid To Start Violence…Admits Dems Planned Riots At Chicago Trump Rally [VIDEO]," Graphic, uncensored and disturbing is how James O Keefe of Project Veritas, known for his undercover video work that blew the lid off the corruption with Obama s former employer ACORN.Scott Foval, National Field Director at Americans United For Change tells interviewer they send people out to incite Trump supporters at his rallies. The idea is, that if they can incite Trump supporters and get it on video, it will help them to push a false narrative that Trump supporters are  violent.  Watch him brag about being an  intermediary  between super PACs for Hillary and the DNC. This guy is like a stupid mobster who can t help himself, telling a perfect stranger where all the bodies are buried Watch him explain in detail how they have paid operatives who will show up at Trump events or Trump owned entities to stir up hate. They actually have  agitator training  who help people who work for them understand how to best get a reaction from Trump supporters. Watch Hillary push the false narrative,  Trump supporters are violent  that the underbelly of the Democratic Party is secretly creating through a seedy network of criminal minds:Here s a great example of how Democrats organize to create chaos and incite violence with Trump supporters. The entire time this Trump supporter is trying to answer an interviewers question, this anti-Trump protester is blowing a whistle in his face. Yet again, when a Trump supporter is  being interviewed, (likely paid) agitators are constantly spinning noise makers inches from his face. It s clear they are trying to incite these Trump supporters to commit an act of violence on camera. ***Warning***this video could significantly increase your blood pressure:",0
12710,BREAKING: UNDERCOVER VIDEO Exposes Hillary’s Dirty Operatives Inciting Violence At Trump Rallies: “We need to win this motherf*cker” [Video],LANGUAGE WARNING!,0
12711,BREAKING: STATE DEPARTMENT Asked FBI To Switch Clinton ‘Classified’ Email To ‘Unclassified’ For ‘Quid Pro Quo’…Intent!,"In the documents, an unnamed person interviewed by the FBI said Kennedy contacted the FBI to ask for the change in classification in  exchange for a  quid pro quo.' Whether or not Clinton sent classified emails from her private server that could have jeopardized national security has become a key issue ahead of the U.S. presidential election on Nov. 8, when Clinton will face Republican nominee Donald Trump.Catherine Herridge of FOX News is a class act and out there telling the truth day after day. Here s her truth bomb on this effort to protect Hillary Clinton:FBI releases docs showing a State Dept exec wanted changes to email classification that would benefit dept & shield HRC, Herridge reports. pic.twitter.com/JMNethoRmX  Fox News (@FoxNews) October 17, 2016 VIA: REUTERS",0
12712,OBAMA APPOINTED JUDGE Sides With Dems In Critical Swing State…Doesn’t Matter If Vote-by-Mail Ballot Signatures Don’t Match…Votes Still Count,"After only serving less than 4 years on the bench, Barack Obama nominated U.S. District Judge Mark Walker in 2012. Only one week ago, Judge Walker made what many consider a very controversial decision that forces the state of Florida to accept voter registration forms for one extra day because of Hurricane Matthew. Today, Obama appointed U.S. District Judge Mark Walker made another controversial decision after the Democratic Party sued the state. This decision clearly opens the door for extensive voter fraud. If you don t sign your ballot, your vote doesn t count. Seems like a pretty simple concept Pay attention to, and know about the judges on your ballots this November because judges decisions matter Calling the state s current law  illogical  and  bizarre,  a federal judge late Sunday ordered the state of Florida to give thousands of voters a chance to make sure their vote-by-mail ballots are counted.U.S. District Judge Mark Walker ruled that county election offices should notify voters if their signature on a vote-by-mail ballot and their voter registration forms don t match. Voters would then be given a chance to fix the problem by 5 p.m. the day before the election.The Florida Democratic Party sued the state because currently voters who don t sign their vote-by-mail ballot are given a chance to fix it. But voters whose signatures don t match aren t told about the problem until after the election is over and their ballot is discarded.Walker said that makes the law unconstitutional.Meredith Beatrice, a spokeswoman for Secretary of State Ken Detzner, said state officials were reviewing the decision.It is not clear exactly how many voters would be affected by the decision. But more than 23,000 vote-by-mail ballots were rejected by Florida election officials during the 2012 presidential election where President Barack Obama carried the state by slightly more than 74,000 votes.Nearly 513,000 Floridians have already voted by mail according to data compiled by the Florida Division of Elections. And another 2.4 million vote-by-mail ballots have been requested.Judge Walker, citing the contentious 2000 Florida election where George W. Bush carried the state over Al Gore by 537 votes, said he needed to act because the current practice was enough of a burden to affect the outcome of an election and  by extension, our country s future. Florida s Republican-controlled Legislature in 2004 passed a law that said all vote-by-mail ballots that had mismatched signatures or did not contain a signature were to be tossed out. But then in 2013 legislators changed the law to allow people who turned in a ballot without a signature to fix the mistake prior to the election.Detzner, the state s top election official, did not try to defend the current law. Instead his lawyers asserted that he could not order county election offices to correct the problem and that he was not the proper person to sue. Walker disagreed sharply in his decision. Via AP ",0
12713,DID OBAMA SHUT DOWN WIKILEAKS ABILITY TO EXPOSE HILLARY CAMPAIGN?…Internet Intentionally Cut Off!," The internet is one of the few, if not only, available ways for Julian Assange, who has been locked up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London for more than four years, to maintain contact with the outside world.Facing extradition to Sweden over allegations of rape, which he denies, the Australian computer programmer has been holed up in the embassy in West London since 2012.He claims the extradition is actually a bid to move him to a jurisdiction from which he can then be sent to the US, which is known to be actively investigating WikiLeaks.The unverified claims of state sabotage come as WikiLeaks continues to release damaging documents, most recently thousands of hacked emails from Hillary Clinton s campaign manager John Podesta.Earlier this month, Assange claimed his organization would aim to publish documents  every week  in the run up to US Election Day on November 8.Clinton s campaign has made unsubstantiated claims that WikiLeaks is working with the Russian government to help defeat the Democrat in favor of Trump.Last week the FBI reissued a statement saying it was working to  determine the accuracy, nature and scope  of cyber intrusions, but did not name any suspected perpetrators.Read more: RT",0
12714,YOU’LL LOVE THIS POWERFUL RANT For Trump From Former Bernie Campaign Manager [Video],"Former Bernie campaign director endorses Trump, slams Hillary s elitism.Powerful rant. pic.twitter.com/KzVMkmy9mz  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) October 16, 2016",0
12715,COMEDY GOLD! NANCY PELOSI Talks Clinton And Trump In Epic Train Wreck Interview, ,0
12716,YES! NEWT GINGRICH Rips Into ABC Anchor Over Anti-Trump Coverage [Video], ,0
12717,NC REPUBLICAN HEADQUARTERS Firebombed By The Terrorists On The Left,"Hillsborough police are investigating an apparent firebombing of the Orange County Republican headquarters, an incident that one state GOP official called an act of  political terrorism. Police say the incident occurred when a bottle of flammable liquid was thrown through the front window of the office on Ja-Max Dr. The office itself is a total loss,  said Dallas Woodhouse, executive director of state GOP.  The only thing important to us is that nobody was killed, and they very well could have been. Police said the words,  Nazi Republicans get out of town or else  were spray painted on the side of an adjacent building. Read more: Charlotte Observer ",0
12718,WIKILEAKS: Why Is The Clinton “Scooby” Van Fitted With This? [Video],It sure came in handy when Clinton had a major medical emergency on 9/11 at the memorial in NYC: ,0
12719,MUST READ! BOMBSHELLS Expose Hillary’s Lawlessness: “It smacks of acting above the law” SHARE!,"If average voters turned on the TV for five minutes this week, chances are they know that Donald Trump made lewd remarks a decade ago and now stands accused of groping women.But even if average voters had the TV on 24/7, they still probably haven t heard the news about Hillary Clinton: That the nation now has proof of pretty much everything she has been accused of.It comes from hacked emails dumped by WikiLeaks, documents released under the Freedom of Information Act, and accounts from FBI insiders. The media has almost uniformly ignored the flurry of bombshells, preferring to devote its front pages to the Trump story. So let s review what amounts to a devastating case against a Clinton presidency.Start with a June 2015 email to Clinton staffers from Erika Rottenberg, the former general counsel of LinkedIn. Ms. Rottenberg wrote that none of the attorneys in her circle of friends  can understand how it was viewed as ok/secure/appropriate to use a private server for secure documents AND why further Hillary took it upon herself to review them and delete documents.  She added:  It smacks of acting above the law and it smacks of the type of thing I ve either gotten discovery sanctions for, fired people for, etc. A few months later, in a September 2015 email, a Clinton confidante fretted that Mrs. Clinton was too bullheaded to acknowledge she d done wrong.  Everyone wants her to apologize,  wrote Neera Tanden, president of the liberal Center for American Progress.  And she should. Apologies are like her Achilles  heel. Clinton staffers debated how to evade a congressional subpoena of Mrs. Clinton s emails three weeks before a technician deleted them. The campaign later employed a focus group to see if it could fool Americans into thinking the email scandal was part of the Benghazi investigation (they are separate) and lay it all off as a Republican plot.Read more: WSJ",0
12720,LOL! CNN Tells Viewers “IT’S ILLEGAL” To Read Wikileaks Emails…So They’ll Tell You What’s In Them [VIDEO],"Wow! CNN host Chris Cuomo tells viewers it s ILLEGAL to read the Wikileaks emails, but if you watch them, they will tell you what they say. And no he s not kidding! https://twitter.com/Always_Trump/status/787673496537092096Sounds pretty legit Here s leftist CNN host telling his viewers,  We couldn t help Hillary anymore than we have. ",0
12721,HILLARY’S THUGS Spray Paint 20 Cars Outside Trump Rally [Video],"Several attendees left Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump s Saturday rally in Bangor to find their parked cars vandalized with white spray paint.A Bangor police spokesman said officers were  seeking witnesses and reviewing video  in the criminal mischief case at the New York City billionaire s us-against-them speech blasting   a rigged system  at the Cross Insurance Center.More than 20 cars parked between the Bangor Raceway and Buck Street were hit with lines of white paint. Attendees said the owners of some of the cars appeared to drive off without noticing without the vandalism.Paul Foster, a painter and Trump supporter from Eastbrook whose van was painted, said the rally  couldn t have been more peaceful,  but he blamed the vandalism on Trump opponents, saying  there ain t no thinking about it, I know so. Trump supporters in Bangor, ME >> leave the rally to find their cars spray painted. pic.twitter.com/jW5UzkdkoB  #BasketOfDeplorables (@betioserrano) October 15, 2016Read more: GP",0
12722,TRUMP’S FORMER BUTLER DEFENDS TRUMP: “That NEVER Happened”,"Donald Trump s former Mar-a-Lago Butler backed up the Republican nominee for president in denying the billionaire groped a reporter from People magazine. No, that never happened. Come on, that s just bull crap,  said Anthony  Tony  Senecal.People magazine writer Natasha Stoynoff wrote an essay this week about how she was groped by Trump at Mar-a-Lago during an interview in the early 2000s. She is one of four women to make accusations against Trump of unwanted sexual advances.The issue has become central to the presidential race since a 2005 hot-mic video surfaced of Trump bragging about using his celebrity to grope women. He has downplayed the incident as  locker-room talk. Trump, at his rally in West Palm Beach on Thursday, said he was always in a public place with Stoynoff and denied he ever acted inappropriately.  Look at her,  Trump said, apparently referencing the reporter s appearance.  Look at her words. Tell me what you think. I don t think so. Senecal, 85, said he never saw Trump putting the moves on any women at Mar-a-Lago   even when his boss wasn t married. Everybody is just jumping on the train,  he said.  I think you re going to see even more of it between now and the election. But these incidents never happened. Senecal blamed Trump s democratic opponent Hillary Clinton for the reports surfacing as the Nov. 8 election nears. These guys are pushing his back against the wall. But he s a fighter. He ll take them on. He ll take all of them on,  Senecal said. Via: Pal Beach Post",0
12723,JUDGE NAPOLITANO On Reckless Hillary’s Emails: She Could Be Responsible For Deaths Of CIA And FBI Agents [VIDEO]," Members Of The Intelligence Committee Simply Don t Want Hillary As Next President of the United States As Barack Obama blames Russia for hacking Hillary s emails and vows to pay back Putin with a massive cyber attack Fox News contributor Judge Napolitano explains why the NSA, and not the Russian government, is to blame for hacking the DNC email servers:",0
12724,ROSEANNE BARR PAID HIGH PRICE For Crossing Hillary: My Show Was Cancelled By “Rapist Bill Clinton” For Interviewing Paula Jones [VIDEO],"Add one more person whose career or life has been destroyed by the Clinton s as they scratch and claw their way into the White House Actress and comedienne Roseanne Barr revealed that she paid a high price for crossing Hillary Clinton.Barr believes her talk show was cancelled after she gave Paula Jones, who accused former president Bill Clinton of sexual harassment, a platform to speak in 1998.The 63 year-old actress is sure the fate of her show was sealed when she interviewed Jones and did not support the Clinton narrative that the former president was innocent of the allegations. Liberal Hollywood took note and Barr s show ended, despite its former success, she believes.  There really is a deeper issue underneath the Clintonite spin of this  right-wing conspiracy  because apparently conservatives are not letting the President keep his pants zipped up, or something. Here is her 1998 interview with Paula Jones who accused Bill Clinton of sexual abuse: Barr has made no secret of her dislike for the Clintons and has filled her social media with criticism of the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband. She even caught the attention of Donald Trump who tweeted his thanks for one of her comments.Via: DownTrend",0
12725,TRUMP HATER MEGYN KELLY Pummeled In Ratings While Hannity Soars!,Via: GP,0
12726,YOUNG BLACK MAN WHO SAYS BILL CLINTON Is His Father Blames Hillary For Keeping Them Apart…Just Like Slavery When Wives Banished Husband’s Black Offspring [VIDEO],"Danney Williams has been begging for Bill Clinton to acknowledge him for decades. In the video below, he tells a heartbreaking story of living in poverty and being moved from foster care home to foster care home. He also tells of a time when Bill Clinton secretly sent money to his mother and state troopers delivered Christmas gifts to their home. His mother was a prostitute during the time that Bill Clinton was Governor of the state of Arkansas. Williams says he was told he was conceived after Bill Clinton and his mother were  together  13 times. I guess this is one  black life  that the Clinton s didn t think mattered so much ",0
12727,"CATHOLIC BISHOP OUTRAGED Over Hillary’s ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY: Hillary’s A “Scheming, Robotic Liar With Lifelong Appetite For Power” [VIDEO]","Hillary s been using churches across America as a backdrop to promote the violent Black Lives Matter movement in an effort to pander for black votes. She proves every day how little respect she has for our religious institutions, the Christian community and more specifically, the Catholic church and it s  backwards  members. Will Catholics finally see the writing on the wall this election, or will they elect a woman who will unquestionably nominate Supreme Court Justices who are hell-bent on destroying our religious rights?Outraged by the anti-Catholic bigotry displayed in leaked Team Clinton emails this week, the powerful Philadelphia bishop blasted both President Obama and Hillary Rodham Clinton for their efforts to undermine church teachings.In his weekly column for the Archdiocese of Philadelphia, Archbishop Charles Chaput Thursday demanded that Clinton repudiate the emails   then added that he doesn t expect her to.Mocking the theme in the emails that Catholics are backward thinking for views on abortion, marriage and other core issues, Chaput wrote,  Of course it would be wonderful for the Clinton campaign to repudiate the content of these ugly WikiLeaks emails. All of us backward-thinking Catholics who actually believe what Scripture and the Church teach would be so very grateful. Via: Washington Examiner",0
12728,BUSTED! THE MOST DAMAGING Clinton Foundation Emails Yet: “Friends of Bill”," Friends of Bill Long-secret emails just caught Team Hillary in another blatant lie   namely, the claim that Clinton Foundation donors got no special treatment from Clinton s State Department. In fact, ABC s  case study  of the 2010 Haiti-relief feeding frenzy may be the most damning foundation scoop yet.And the foundation isn t even denying it.ABC News got the emails via a Freedom of Information lawsuit. They show that, after the devastating 2010 Haiti earthquake, a top Hillary aide repeatedly gave special attention to  Friends of Bill  looking to cash in.Indeed, the aide, Caitlin Klevorick, kept asking foundation official Amitabh Desai  to flag when people are friends of WJC    William Jefferson Clinton. Anyone without a special tag (FOB, WJC-VIP) got rebuffed by State and referred to a federal website.State was besieged with requests to get in on $10 billion in aid contracts, described in one government cable as  a gold rush. One FOB, a major foundation donor who d served as Bill s Texas chair, used his pull on behalf of a firm he admitted  wanted to get some of the business  and had him use the Clinton Foundation as  a facilitator. Klevorick told ABC the special attention was about learning who had a history in Haiti so as  to get the necessary resources to the right places as soon as possible to save lives. One problem: She never asked if anyone had experience in Haiti or even with aid relief. Her only question:  Is this a FOB?  And her only instruction to the foundation was that all FOBs be  flagged. Which is why the Haiti analyst for the nonpartisan Center for Economic and Policy says,  The line was pretty faint between  the foundation and the State Department.Even if the Clintons follow through on their vow to put  disinterested  third parties in charge at the foundation, this is a warning of how a Clinton White House would work   because political favoritism and corruption are just how Bill and Hillary roll.Via: NYP",0
12729,“HILLARY CLINTON SEXUALLY ASSAULTED ME!” [Video],"After years and even decades in some cases, throngs of women have decided to finally speak out, all at once only weeks before the man they re accusing is about to defeat Crooked Hillary in one of the most important Presidential races of our lifetime. Terrance Williams has a thing (or two) to say about that. Watch:",0
12730,POPULAR CHRISTIAN AUTHOR EXPLAINS Why Christians MUST Vote For Trump…Even If He Isn’t The “Perfect” Candidate [VIDEO],"The popular Christian author Eric Metaxas really puts things in perspective when he explains why sitting home in this election is not an option This question should hardly require an essay, but let s face it: We re living in strange times. America is in trouble.Over this past year many of Donald Trump s comments have made me almost literally hopping mad. The hot-mic comments from 2005 are especially horrifying. Can there be any question we should denounce them with flailing arms and screeching volume? I must not hang out in the right locker rooms, because if anyone I know said such things I might assault him physically (and repent later). So yes, many see these comments as a deal breaker.But we have a very knotty and larger problem. What if the other candidate also has deal breakers? Even a whole deplorable basketful? Suddenly things become horribly awkward. Would God want me simply not to vote? Is that a serious option?What if not pulling the lever for Mr. Trump effectively means electing someone who has actively enabled sexual predation in her husband before and while he was president? Won t God hold me responsible for that? What if she defended a man who raped a 12-year-old and in recalling the case laughed about getting away with it? Will I be excused from letting this person become president? What if she used her position as secretary of state to funnel hundreds of millions into her own foundation, much of it from nations that treat women and gay people worse than dogs? Since these things are true, can I escape responsibility for them by simply not voting?Many say they won t vote because choosing the lesser of two evils is still choosing evil. But this is sophistry. Neither candidate is pure evil. They are human beings. We cannot escape the uncomfortable obligation to soberly choose between them. Not voting or voting for a third candidate who cannot win is a rationalization designed more than anything to assuage our consciences. Yet people in America and abroad depend on voters to make this very difficult choice.Children in the Middle East are forced to watch their fathers drowned in cages by ISIS. Kids in inner-city America are condemned to lives of poverty, hopelessness and increasing violence. Shall we sit on our hands and simply trust  the least of these  to God, as though that were our only option? Don t we have an obligation to them?For many of us, this is very painful, pulling the lever for someone many think odious. But please consider this: A vote for Donald Trump is not necessarily a vote for Donald Trump himself. It is a vote for those who will be affected by the results of this election. Not to vote is to vote. God will not hold us guiltless.For entire article: WSJMr. Metaxas, host of the nationally syndicated  Eric Metaxas Show,  is the author of  If You Can Keep It: The Forgotten Promise of American Liberty  (Viking, 2016).",0
12731,BUSTED! LATEST WOMAN TO ACCUSE Trump Of Sexual Advances Recently Emailed Him Asking For Help,"Trump s latest accuser, Summer Zervos who was a contestant on  The Apprentice,  stood next to high profile lawyer and Hillary delegate, Gloria Allred today and read a statement accusing Trump of inappropriate sexual behavior. Tonight, Trump responds by telling voters Zervos emailed him only 6 months ago asking for help. Here is Trump s response to the this and other false accusations that have mysteriously been levied against him all at once, only 3 weeks before the election, and in the midst of the release of Wikileaks  emails that expose some of the most damning information about Crooked Hillary to date. Trump also makes a promise to his supporters that he will now stay on track and to stop allowing the Left to distract him and the voters from issues that are truly important to us:",0
12732,VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT In This State…Get A Prize! Does Anyone Care That Democrats Are Stealing Our Election?,"Every day we hear of more voter fraud being uncovered across the United States. This is nothing new and every election we read about more and more early voter fraud being committed. When will Republicans stop cowering to threats of  racism  and voter suppressions levied by the very people who are stealing our votes?There s a mere four weeks left to go before the presidential election, and the allegations of voter fraud just. Keep. Coming.The Kankakee Daily Journal, a local newspaper in a county just south of Chicago, reported last week that several citizens in the small county reported they were offered bribes in return for casting votes for Democrats. Voting officials were also looking into reports that some mail-in voter applications had been filed from outside the county.From the article:The Kankakee County State s Attorney s office says it is investigating possible voting fraud after the clerk s office reported three complaints from people who said they were offered bribes for votes.In a news release issued late Tuesday afternoon, Jamie Boyd, the state s attorney, also said  several  vote-by-mail applications seem to have come from people living outside of Kankakee County. This unprecedented action was taken in response to reports of individuals from Chicago offering gifts to potential voters in exchange for a vote for Kate Cloonen, Hillary Clinton and others,  Boyd said in the news release.  Our office takes seriously the obligation to protect the rights of citizens to vote for the candidate of their choice, and to do so without undue influence from special interest groups. The investigation will also focus on the authenticity of vote by mail requests. Several applications have been filed with the election authority that appear to be fraudulently executed. The report closely followed allegations of voter fraud in Virginia, where at least 20 dead people were illegally registered to vote by a James Madison student working for a local voter registration group called HarrisonburgVOTES. The Washington Free Beacon reported the group is run by one Joe Fitzgerald, the chairman of his local Democratic Committee, and that the student, Andrew Spieles, is also a registered Democrat.Additionally, the Virginia Voters Alliance and the Public Interest Legal Foundation found that at least 1,046 non-U.S. citizens across eight districts had voted in the 2012 presidential election. Via:MRCTV",0
12733,BILL CLINTON: West Virginia Miners Believe Climate Change Cost Them Their Jobs [Video], ,0
12734,BREAKING: OBAMA POISED To Exact Revenge On PUTIN With Unprecedented Cyber Attack For Allegedly Exposing Hillary Emails…While Campaigning For Hillary,"Putin Tells Russian Army To Prepare For WWWIII With U.S While Obama whines about Trump campaigns for Hillary Is our Community Organizer In Chief actually willing to put our nation s security at risk because he believes Putin is responsible for Hillary s email hacks? What kind of sick, reckless and vengeful clown do we have running our nation? The Obama administration is contemplating an unprecedented cyber covert action against Russia in retaliation for alleged Russian interference in the American presidential election, U.S. intelligence officials told NBC News.Current and former officials with direct knowledge of the situation say the CIA has been asked to deliver options to the White House for a wide-ranging  clandestine  cyber operation designed to harass and  embarrass  the Kremlin leadership.The sources did not elaborate on the exact measures the CIA was considering, but said the agency had already begun opening cyber doors, selecting targets and making other preparations for an operation. Former intelligence officers told NBC News that the agency had gathered reams of documents that could expose unsavory tactics by Russian President Vladimir Putin.Vice President Joe Biden told  Meet the Press  moderator Chuck Todd on Friday that  we re sending a message  to Putin and that  it will be at the time of our choosing, and under the circumstances that will have the greatest impact. When asked if the American public will know a message was sent, the vice president replied,  Hope not. Retired Admiral James Stavridis told NBC News  Cynthia McFadden that the U.S. should attack Russia s ability to censor its internal internet traffic and expose the financial dealings of Putin and his associates.   NBC NewsFULL REPORT: @NBCNews has learned the CIA is preparing a major unprecedented cyber-strike against Russia. @CynthiaMcFadden reports pic.twitter.com/MjxKrdL7zS  NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) October 14, 2016Vladimir Zhirinovsky, a flamboyant veteran lawmaker known for his fiery rhetoric, told Reuters in an interview that Trump was the only person able to de-escalate dangerous tensions between Moscow and Washington.Americans should vote for Donald Trump as president next month or risk being dragged into a nuclear war, according to a Russian ultra-nationalist ally of President Vladimir Putin who likes to compare himself to the U.S. Republican candidate.By contrast, Trump s Democratic rival Hillary Clinton could spark World War Three, said Zhirinovsky, who received a top state award from Putin after his pro-Kremlin Liberal Democratic Party of Russia (LDPR) came third in Russia s parliamentary election last month.Zhirinovsky s comments coincide with deep disagreements between Washington and Moscow over Syria and Ukraine and after the White House last week accused Russia of a campaign of cyber attacks against Democratic Party organizations.Even as WikiLeaks released another trove of internal documents from Clinton s campaign on Wednesday, Putin insisted his country was not involved in an effort to influence the U.S. presidential election. Via: Reuters ",0
12735,HATEFUL OBAMA MOCKS TRUMP: “C’mon Man!”…Make Him Regret This! VOTE TRUMP! [VIDEO],"TRUMP IS RIGHT ON HIS CLAIM THAT THIS ELECTION IS THE GLOBAL ELITES VS AMERICANS GEORGE SOROS COMES TO MIND!Ratcheting up his mockery of Donald Trump, President Obama said Friday that the Republican nominee is behaving like a crybaby who knows he s losing the race for president and intends  to drag this election as low as it can possibly go. C MON MAN! HERE S OUR PRESIDENT ACTING LIKE A COCKY COMMUNITY ORGANIZER:  It s always interesting for me to see folks who talk tough, but then don t act tough,  Mr. Obama said.  If you re tough, you don t make excuses. You just play the game. He poked fun at Mr. Trump for the Republican s claim in a speech Thursday that Mrs. Clinton is benefiting from a power structure of global elites at the expense of the working class. This is a guy who spent all his time hanging around trying to convince everybody he was a global elite, talking about how great his buildings are, how luxurious, and how rich he is,  Mr. Obama said, laughing.  All he had time for is celebrities. And now suddenly he s acting like he s a populist? Come on, man! You want to know what somebody s going to do? Look what they ve been doing their whole lives.READ MORE: WT",0
12736,OOPS! HILLARY’S HIT WOMAN LIED About Trump Groping Her…Eye-Witness Comes Forward: “It was she that was the one being flirtatious”,"It should be the lead story on every network, but you ll likely only see it in a few places. It doesn t change the fact however, that an eye-witness has come forward to say the woman accusing Trump of sexual assault on the plane, was actually pursuing him Donald Trump s campaign says a British man is countering claims that the GOP presidential nominee groped a woman on a cross-country flight more than three decades ago.The man says he was sitting across from the accuser and contacted the Trump campaign because he was incensed by her account   which is at odds with what he witnessed. I have only met this accuser once and frankly cannot imagine why she is seeking to make out that Trump made sexual advances on her. Not only did he not do so (and I was present at all times) but it was she that was the one being flirtatious,  Anthony Gilberthorpe said in a note provided to The Post by the Trump campaign.In an exclusive interview arranged by the campaign, Gilberthorpe said he was on the flight   in either 1980 or 1981  where Jessica Leeds claimed Trump groped her.Gilberthorpe, 54, said he was sitting across the first class aisle from the couple and saw nothing inappropriate. Leeds was wearing a white pantsuit, he said, while Trump was wearing a suit and cuff-links, which he gave to his British flight companion.Indeed, Gilberthorpe claimed, Leeds was  trying too hard  in her attempt to win Trump over. She wanted to marry him,  Gilberthorpe said of Leeds, who apparently made the confession when Trump excused himself and went to the bathroom.There was no kissing, but the  shrill  Leeds was  very much in your face  with the real estate developer.Gilberthorpe made headlines in 2014, when he went public with a claim that as a 17-year-old he procured boys (some who  could have been  underage ) for sex parties with high-ranking British politicians.Gilberthorpe has no evidence to back up his claim   just his self-described excellent memory. What she said about Trump is wrong,  he told The Post.  I mean, no decent human being could sit by and have a woman go on television and tell the United States of America   accuse an individual of sexually molesting. It s wrong for Trump, it s wrong for me. But you know something else? It s wrong for the American people,  he said.Leeds alleged this week in interviews with The New York Times and CNN that Trump groped her, touching her  wherever he could find a landing spot. The guy in the seat across the aisle could see. And I kept thinking, maybe the stewardess is going to come and he ll stop, but she never came,  Leeds told CNN.That allegation infuriated Gilberthorpe, a retiree living in northwest England, who said,  That I sat there   eyes bulging   and not intervening is nonsense. If there s evidence Trump s done it, sure, hang him from the post, but I was there, I was in a position to know that what she said was wrong, wrong, wrong,  he said.He immediately recognized Leeds when he saw video of her in The Times earlier this week holding up a younger picture of herself. Undoubtedly it was her,  he said.  I have a good photographic memory. I recognized her. He said he contacted the Trump campaign because he didn t like that Leeds said that another passenger sat by while she was molested. Via: NYP ",0
12737,BEN CARSON DESTROYS Interrupting Anti-Trump MSNBC Host: “Can You Turn Her Microphone Off Please?” [VIDEO],"Notify the CDC. It's spreading. #BenCarson #MorningJoe #TrumpFlu https://t.co/OUseiA7GVs  BCP (@b_c_p_source) October 14, 2016",0
12738,"MILLIONS OF FRAUDULENT AND INVALID VOTER REGISTRATIONS ALREADY FOUND: “Sara Sosa who died in 2009 cast ballots in 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013.”","This week, liberals have been repeating their frequent claim that voter fraud doesn t exist. A recent Salon article argues that  voter fraud just isn t a problem in Pennsylvania,  despite evidence to the contrary. Another article argues that voter fraud is entirely in the imagination of those who use voter ID laws to deny minorities the right to vote.Yet as the election approaches, more and more cases of voter fraud are beginning to surface. In Colorado, multiple instances were found of dead people attempting to vote. Stunningly, a woman named Sara Sosa who died in 2009 cast ballots in 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013.  In Virginia, it was found that nearly 20 voter applications were turned in under the names of dead people.In Texas, authorities are investigating criminals who are using the technique of  vote harvesting  to illegally procure votes for their candidates.  Harvesting  is the practice of illegally obtaining the signatures of valid voters in order to vote in their name without their consent for the candidate(s) the criminal supports.These are just some instances of voter fraud we know about. It would be silly to assume cases that have been discovered are the only cases of fraud. Indeed according to a Pew Research report from February 2012, one in eight voter registrations are  significantly inaccurate or no longer valid.  Since there are 146 million Americans registered to vote, this translates to a stunning 18 million invalid voter registrations on the books. Further,  More than 1.8 million deceased individuals are listed as voters, and approximately 2.75 million people have registrations in more than one state.  Numbers of this scale obviously provide ripe opportunity for fraud.Don t Let Data Contradict My Narrative Yet in spite of all this, a report by the Brennan Center at New York University claims voter fraud is a myth. It argues that North Carolina, which passed comprehensive measures to prevent voter fraud,  failed to identify even a single individual who has ever been charged with committing in-person voter fraud in North Carolina.  However, this faulty reasoning does not point to the lack of in-person voter fraud, but rather to lack of enforcement mechanisms to identify and prosecute in-person voter fraud.The science of criminal justice tells us that many crimes go unreported, and the more  victimless  the crime, the more this happens. The fact is, a person attempting to commit voter fraud is very unlikely to be caught, which increases the incentive to commit the crime.The National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) is a sophisticated, comprehensive effort to catalog  the number and types of crimes not reported to law enforcement authorities.  However, it tends to deal mostly in violent crimes. As complex as the NCVS is, gathering accurate data for unreported victimless crimes such as voter fraud is even harder, since 1) outside of the criminal, no one may know a crime has taken place, and 2) there is no direct victim to report the crime in the first place. Yet we are expected to believe that, unlike violent crime, voter fraud is limited only to the cases that are actually reported and prosecuted? This is a senseless position. Further, the Brennan Center report argues that because prosecutor Kris Kobach s review of 84 million votes cast in 22 states found only 14 instances of fraud referred for prosecution (which amounts to a 0.00000017 percent fraud rate), voter fraud is so statistically small that it s a non-issue. Let s follow this logic. Does the fact that 109 people were cited for jaywalking in Seattle in 2009 mean that only 109 people jaywalked in Seattle that year? Does the fact that 103,733 people were cited for driving without a seatbelt in Tennessee in 2015 mean that only that many people were driving without seatbelt in Tennessee in 2015?Absolutely not. This can be proven easily because in 2014, the previous year, only 29,470 people were cited. The disparity is largely due to increased enforcement efforts in 2015. In other words, increasing enforcement of the crime revealed a much larger number of people committing the crime.The exact same is true for voter fraud. We have no reason to believe that the low number of prosecutions means only that exact amount of voter fraud is happening. Rather, it could mean a lack of enforcement is failing to reveal the bulk of the violations that are occurring. Thus, as with many types of crimes, especially victimless crimes, the real number of cases is likely significantly higher than the number reported.How to Effectively Target Voter Fraud So now that we know voter fraud is a serious issue, what are some solutions to this problem? States like Michigan have Poll Challenger programs, where observers from both parties may be present at voter check-in tables at precincts. They check each voter s ID against a database of registered voters for that precinct to ensure the person attempting to vote is actually legally qualified to vote in that precinct. If there s a discrepancy, the poll challenger may officially challenge the ballot. Other states should implement similar programs.Read more: FOX",0
12739,WOW! LEGAL HISPANIC AMERICAN IMMIGRANT Unloads On Racist Hillary Supporters: “Liberals Are Desperate Because They Know They’re Gonna Lose” [VIDEO], ,0
12740,JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO Rips Into The Lying Media “In Cahoots with Clintons” [Video], ,0
12741,"WIKILEAKS: CLINTON CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN Held 75,000 Shares In Putin-Connected Energy Company"," The disclosure that Clinton Chair John Podesta transferred his shares in Putin-backed Joule Unlimited to an anonymous holding company when he joined the Obama Administration is extremely concerning Hillary Clinton s campaign chairman John Podesta s membership on the executive board of an energy company, Joule Unlimited, which received millions from a Putin-connected Russian government fund, also included  75,000 common shares,  according to an email exchange uncovered by the Wikileaks hacks. In the newly-uncovered email exchanged under the subject  Podesta Outstanding Docs for Joule,  Eryn Sepp, who was an assistant to Podesta at the Center for American Progress, forwarded a message to Podesta from Mark C. Solakian, who was Senior Vice President and General Counsel at Joule Unlimited Technologies, Inc. It is my understanding that John transferred the resulting 75,000 common shares from the option exercise to the Leonidio LLC.,  Slovakian wrote in a January 2014 email, referencing the Delaware-based holding company.  As such, we would need to edit the Transfer of Share Agreement to reflect the transfer of 75,000 common shares to the LLC. Podesta s membership on the board of directors of Joule Unlimited was first revealed in research from Breitbart News Senior Editor-at-Large and Government Accountability Institute (GAI) President Peter Schweizer.In the report, tilted,  From Russia with Money: Hillary Clinton, the Russian Reset, and Cronyism,  it s revealed that Podesta joined the Joule Unlimited board in June 2011.Read more: Breitbart",0
12742,TOP TEN Clinton Scandals That Wikileaks Exposed And That YOU Need To Know About,"1. Mrs. Clinton had cozy and improper relationship with the mainstream media.2. The State Department paid special attention to  Friends of Bill. 3. Mrs. Clinton argued for  a hemispheric common market with open trade and open borders. 4. The Clinton campaign was in touch with Department of Justice officials regarding the release of her emails.5. The Clinton camp was tipped off to the release of the Benghazi emails.6. Mrs. Clinton admitted sometimes her public and private positions differ.7. Mrs. Clinton s spokesman mocked Catholics and evangelicals as  severely backwards. 8. Mrs. Clinton admitted she has a hard time relating to the struggles of the middle class.9. Mrs. Clinton campaign used Benghazi as a distraction from the email scandal.10. The Clinton team strategized on how to delay releasing emails, knowing it was against the law.Via: WT",0
12743,"DICK MORRIS: HOW HILLARY Hired “Secret Police” To Threaten, Smear Bill’s Rape, Sexual Assault Victims [VIDEO]", Secret police ? Sounds like a strong arm tactic you d find a political leader using in a communist country to force your will on other people. Hmmm https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/786697347254419456,0
12744,BREAKING: WIKILEAKS EMAILS SUGGEST Supreme Court Justice Scalia May Have Been Murdered,"Here s what we ve got with the new e-mails and it s a doozy:The internet is blowing up over a document regarding Supreme Court Justice Scalia.A new theory has emerged that Hillary Clinton and her lackeys are linked to Justice Scalia s death.TMN Today reported:The theory comes from a WikiLeaks email from Hillary s Chairman John Podesta to DC lobbyist Steve Elmendorf. Elmendorf was also the former chief of staff to Democratic leader Dick Gephardt.Podesta writes,  Didn t think wet works meant pool parties at the Vineyard. Elmendrof responds,  I am all in Sounds like it will be a bad nite , we all need to buckle up and double down The theory goes that Podesta s use of wet work implies an assassination. And the references to pool and Vineyard refer to the Cibolo Creek Ranch where Scalia s body was found. The Ranch does have a pool and it is believed that a vineyard is just down the road. The email was also written just four days before Scalia was found dead on February 13, 2016.Via: GP",0
12745,CNN HOST And Crybaby Hillary Surrogate Get BRUTAL SLAP DOWN When Dr. Gina Loudon Uses Facts Against Them [VIDEO],Dr. Gina Loudon went on CNN today to discuss the fallacious  groping  accusations against Donald Trump. Per Wikileaks we know that CNN is working with the Clinton Campaign to destroy Donald Trump. Numerous leaked emails by Wikileaks prove that they have combined efforts to bring down the Republican candidate.This isn t the first time Brooke Baldwin has been embarrassed by a conservative who destroys her argument and makes her look like an uneducated leftist. She famously interrupted a Republican who brought up Hillary s destruction of 13 mobile devices with hammers. You can watch her FREAK AFTER On-Air  Fact-Check  HERE.Dr. Gina was supposed to discuss alleged groping incidents with Donald Trump. Gina Dropped a bomb! .Via: Gateway Pundit,0
12746,#TREXIT: SWING STATE APOCALYPSE…Democrats LEAVE Party In Massive Numbers…Hillary Won’t Recover,"Hillary s campaign has been working in coordination with the mainstream media for months to hide Donald J. Trump s popularity with the  everyday Americans  Hillary claims to be a champion of. Pennsylvania is one state the Democrat Party would never have believed would be in jeopardy only one month before the election, but then again, they never expected the mass appeal Trump would have with middle America who want their country back and the jobless who want to be contributing members of our society again. We all basically want the same thing, to make America great again and that is why the Democrats are about to lose PA Nearly 100,000 Pennsylvania Democrats have switched to Republican since the beginning of the year.What s more: The Pennsylvania Republican party says more than 240-thousand new voters have joined the party since last November.The state Republican party says that the surge in Republican registrations is nearly twice the number of newly registered Republicans compared to both the 2008 and 2012 numbers combined.Combine this stunning development with the emergence of the Amish vote and the coal miners who are supporting Trump after  Hillary promised to take away their jobs, and you ve got a blue state that has a very high probability of turning red!  PittsburghCBS ",0
12747,BREAKING: VIOLENT HILLARY THUGS Beat Man Holding “Bill Clinton Is A Rapist” Sign At Hillary Rally [Video],"Protester with  Rape  sign is tackled at #Clinton rally in #Las Vegas pic.twitter.com/sJvGvFnpgt  John Treanor (@NewsTreanor) October 13, 2016",0
12748,ANONYMOUS VIDEO Of Bill Clinton Raping 13 Yr Old Could End It All For Crooked Hillary,"Anonymous is a loosely associated international network of activists and hacktivists. They have made a video threatening they are are about to plunge the election into chaos for sexual abuse enabler Crooked Hillary, as they claim to have a sex tape showing Bill Clinton raping a 13 year old girl and will be releasing it. The alleged rape was filmed on billionaire buddy and convicted pedophile, Jeffrey Epstein s Pedophile Island. Anonymous claims Hillary knew about this and has been hiding it. ",0
12749,WIKILEAKS EMAIL: Hillary Camp Calls Conservatives In Church Amazing “Bastardization Of Faith” [VIDEO],"In another Wikileaks email dump, the Hillary camp is caught bashing the Catholic Church yet again. In the email, Catholic John Podesta, Hillary s Catholic Campaign Manager talks about how he has been  planting the seeds  of progressivism in the Catholic church, while calling Catholic conservatives an  amazing bastardization of the church. Hillary Clinton At War With Christ, Christianity & People of God #PodestaEmails5 Admits Scheming To Destroy An Entire Religion! Donald Trump pic.twitter.com/7hP1WSsRfW   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) October 13, 2016",0
12750,WHOA! RUSH LIMBAUGH RIPS Into Republicans Who Don’t Support Trump [Audio], ,0
12751,WOW! HILLARY SUPPORTER CAUGHT On Undercover Camera Saying “It’s Okay” To Rip Up Republican Voter Registrations [VIDEO],"Democrats are on the move. They are panicking over the size of Trump s rallies vs. Hillary s. They will do whatever is necessary to hold on to power. Americans need to vigilant. We all need to get involved in working to help out with voter registration and to keep an eye on the process. We all need to get involved with the GOP and become poll challengers on election day in precincts, and to help to count absentee ballots. We cannot trust that if we leave this election up to the people who have traditionally been allowed to count our votes or supervise our elections, that we will have a fair result on November 8th. Watch this stunning undercover video taken by James O Keefe s group Project Veritas of one of Hillary s operatives breaking the law, when he suggests it s okay to take away a newly registered voter s right to vote:",0
12752,DON’T BELIEVE THE MEDIA! MASSIVE FL TRUMP RALLY…Fans Walk MILE To Get Into Rally [VIDEO]…While Hillary Handlers Have To Tell Her When To Smile,"The media would like voters to believe that Trump is losing supporters, while Hillary is gaining momentum. The only thing Hillary is gaining on is more evidence of her crooked dealings. Hillary is so unpopular and unlikeable that her campaign is now telling her when to smile. What?THIS IS INSANE!Despite the constant media attacks and lies   CLEARLY Their is ONE CANDIDATE This year who has stolen the hearts of everyday Americans.Trump supporters park their cars and WALK A MILE to get into a Trump rally that was sold out!   GP(Video) Trump Rally In Ocala FL: They Are Still Coming!!! Thousands Still Park Mile Away With Hopes Of Getting In. Time 11:15, Starts Noon pic.twitter.com/SKoGEY3LHr  Trump is Patriot (@TrumpisPatriot) October 12, 2016Here s a look at Trump s the massive support from his (unpaid) fans:Incredible attendance today! #Ocala #TrumpTrain #MAGA #AmericaFirst pic.twitter.com/M7t6UzU8Ya  HAIL TRUMP   (@BarronTrump2072) October 12, 2016Hillary is so unlikeable and has absolutely no natural ability to connect with her voters, while Trump is naturally connecting with voters from every walk of life. It s clear that Trump actually enjoys meeting people from every walk of life, while Hillary s campaign says she  hates  the  everyday Americans  she claims to be a champion of:https://twitter.com/lachlan/status/785545441979011072",0
12753,BREAKING: 28 YR OLD PALESTINIAN MUSLIM Feras Mohamed Freitekh Crashes Plane Near Pratt Whitney HQ’s…Instructor Pilot Said “It Was Intentional”…Media Says Motive Is Still Mystery…LOL!,"28 year old Abdullah Faris Freatekh, aka Feras Mohamed Freitekh was a Muslim with a Palestinian backgroundThe National Transportation Safety Board s initial investigation of a Tuesday s aircraft crash in East Hartford, Connecticut should be a serious concern as it was a possible attempt to destroy one major US military defense contractor. As it seems, Muslims are possibly attempting to carry out an attack by using airplanes again.The investigation by The National Transportation Safety Board also indicates the crash is the result of an intentional act, which means the likelihood this involves an act of terrorism. FBI and police have also raided the pilot s apartment and are questioning three of the associates of Feras M. Freitekh, the pilot. The Jordanian students were also studying to become pilots.Freitekh who was killed on impact is a 28-year-old Jordanian national from a Palestinian background who was studying to become a pilot died after crashing a small plane Tuesday afternoon in Connecticut, and the instructor pilot who survived the crash said it was intentional. Family and friends of Freitekh are already writing about him on Facebook with oodles of praises from  good man   hero  to  Allah be with him  in Arabic. Click and check it out for yourself. Rafeek Zabian comments  Our old friend, Feras Freitekh, is with Allah, after he fulfilled his dream to fly, he died as a pilot, yes, and he accomplished his dream, may Allah be with you .Here are pictures from the Facebook page of in what appears to be Mecca. The pictures appear to be very recent, as they are dated June 3, 2016. People see him kissing the tip of the propeller and they do not think. The kiss is a kiss for the tip of his missile he is using. He and the Muslims and relatives commenting know why he came to the U.S. The argument with the co-pilot that he  does not want to fly anymore  is an excuse to land early because his intention is likely to swerve at the US defense contractor facility. It would take hours to include all the other praises from folks who would seem normal to the naked eye, yet they harbor ill for the United States.What is alarming about this crash is that the crash occurred near Pratt & Whitney, a defense contractor that makes jet engines for the military. Pratt & Whitney is a major defense contractor which manufactures military and commercial jet engines. East Hartford Police Chief called the company s plant  critical infrastructure,  the Hartford Courant reports. Police said the FBI was contacted because of the proximity to Pratt & Whitney.A high-ranking law enforcement source told the Hartford Courant there was an argument between the student pilot and the instructor prior to the crash.  Terrorism is a criminal act,  East Hartford Police spokesman Lieutenant Joshua Litwin said at a press conference.  There is a lot of criminal investigators on scene. Nothing has been ruled out. The surviving flight instructor, identified by the Courant as Arian Prevalla, was able to get out of the plane after the crash and is expected to survive. Freitekh came to the United States from Jordan in 2012 on a temporary M-1 visa for flight school. The FBI and local police raided an apartment on Annawan Street as part of the investigation, WVIT-TV reports. Neighbors told WTIC-TV that four men lived together in the apartment targeted by police. Sources told the Hartford Courant the three other men who lived there were also foreign nationals studying to become pilots. And don t be fooled, the pilot, Feras M. Freitekh also has another Facebook as Rafael Majdi Freitekh and he is gay with all the rainbow flags. He was not a  peaceful Muslim  and neither was he a  peaceful gay  after all, as society tries to arm-twist us to believe about Muslims and gays. He stops writing anything on his timeline for a year is perhaps the man decided to go dark becoming a lone-wolf.The instructor pilot who survived the crash was hospitalized with serious burns, CBS News reports. He was identified as Adrian Prevalla by the Hartford Courant. Officials say he is cooperating with the investigation. He runs the Hartford Jet Center, according to his Linkedin profile. The flight school is based at Hartford-Brainard Airport, where the plane took off from on Tuesday.Via: Shoebat",0
12754,BREAKING! WIKILEAKS EMAIL Shows Bill Clinton Allegedly Sexually Abused His 3rd COUSIN While She Babysat Chelsea,Hillary probably didn t know anything about this one either . https://twitter.com/ConCornerGS/status/786217771872813056Here s the Wikileaks link to this story.,0
12755,FLASHBACK: VULGAR OBAMA EXPOSES Erection To Female Reporters On Campaign Plane [VIDEO],"What a funny guy! I m sure every woman on that campaign plane that he violated with his repulsive, narcissistic, denigrating behavior was really impressed.  Thank God Trump didn t do that. It would have been career ending. For Obama however, it was just all fun and games, and apparently not even worth CNN s time to release the tape until his two terms were up As Donald Trump weathers a storm of controversy over randy comments he made to TV celebrity reporter Billy Bush in 2005, new video to emerge from the 2008 presidential campaign shows now-President Obama appearing to behave just as salaciously. Aboard a campaign flight, then-Senator Obama is talking on a cellphone as he arises from his seat; nearby a female reporter catches a glance of something that makes her uncomfortable, sending her skirmishing to the back of the plane.Obama, rather than downplay the awkward display, instead plays it up, positioning himself so the gathered reporters have little choice but to take in his chauvinistic performance.Meanwhile, a female voice can be heard ordering everyone to sit down, ostensibly so they can get a better look. The gathered female reporters laugh at the scene, further encouraging Obama s bawdy behavior.The video, originally shot by CNN cameras, emerged Tuesday onTwitter, where it spread quickly.Via: Grabian ",0
12756,COLLEGE STUDENTS ADMIT They Got Extra Credit For Attending Hillary Rallies…,"That Explains The Sudden Interest For Hillary On College Campuses The  media  has been hiding Hillary s tiny crowds for over a year and suddenly, when she goes to a college town they    report  crowds of 10,000+.Manufactured crowds for a lying corrupt presidential candidate. Hillary Rotten Clinton is truly running the worst and most crooked Democrat campaign ever Dear Hillary Clinton's campaign,Please stop sending me e-mails, I don't actually like you, I'm only going to your event for extra credit.  Annastasia (@Anna_Hindley_) October 8, 2016College professors giving extra credit to students who attend Rotten Hillary rallies. pic.twitter.com/fiapMRDInp  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) October 11, 2016",0
12757,ONE MILLION DEMOCRATS Switched To TRUMP And Here’s Why…Trumpocrats! [Video], ,0
12758,LEAKED EMAIL: Hillary’s Team Caught Bashing “Backwards” Catholics,"As a Catholic, I m not sure what offends me more, my fellow Catholics who would vote for an anti-LIFE, lying criminal who has put our entire nation s security in jeopardy, or a Catholic who would vote for a woman whose campaign team mocks my faith WikiLeaks has released another 1,000+ hacked emails from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. The anti-secrecy organization announced part three of their leak on Tuesday afternoon:RELEASE: The Podesta Emails Part 3 (1190 new emails) #HillaryClinton #PodestaEmails #PodestaEmails3 https://t.co/wzxeh70oUm pic.twitter.com/75jVhpvtX8  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 11, 2016Amongst the newly released documents, one email exchange in particular should draw the ire of conservatives and American Catholics specifically.The 2011 email, entitled  Conservative Catholicism , comes from John Halpin, a senior fellow at the left-wing Center for American Progress (CAP), and is addressed to Jennifer Palmieri, formerly of the CAP and current Director of Communications for the 2016 Hillary Clinton presidential campaign, and John Podesta. The email, in which traditional Catholic beliefs are derided as  backwards , drips with contempt for Catholic Americans. Many of the most powerful elements of the conservative movement are all Catholic (many converts) from the SC and think tanks to the media and social groups,  Halpin writes to Podesta.  They must be attracted to the systematic thought and severely backwards gender relations and must be totally unaware of Christian democracy. Palmieri piles onto the Catholic bashing in her response. I imagine they think it is the most socially acceptable politically conservative religion,  Palmieri writes.  Their rich friends wouldn t understand if they became evangelicals. Imagine the same had been written about Muslims.   Hannity.comHere s the exchange:",0
12759,WIKILEAKS: HILLARY VIOLATES NATIONAL SECURITY AGAIN: Gave Details Of Bin Laden Raid In Speech [Video],"REPORT: WikiLeaks email leak alleges Clinton divulged details of Bin Laden raid in 2013 speech that were a national security violation pic.twitter.com/W9jmi0zc3z  FOX & Friends (@foxandfriends) October 11, 2016",0
12760,DON’T BELIEVE THE POLLS! Corruption Exposed In Phony NBC Poll Showing Hillary Beating Trump By 11,"This story of corruption and collusion is MIND BOGGLING! The manipulation of American voters is beyond comprehension Researchers and political analysts frequent CTH because we bring you hard, factual, and fully cited research enabling you to make up your own mind about the headlines.What you are about to read (and see) below is a fully cited example of something we have discussed frequently, but withheld until today, so the oppositional forces cannot change strategies in their attempts to manipulate your mind.It is now time to lay all media polling naked for you to grasp. Everything below is fully cited so you can fact-check it for yourself. However, we present this with a disclaimer: the entities exposed will industriously work to change their approach from this day forth.You have probably seen the latest example of the media claiming a released presidential poll from NBC and The Wall Street Journal as an example of Hillary Clinton expanding to an 11 point lead in the weekend following the  controversial  leaked tape of Donald Trump.The claim is complete and utter nonsense. Here s the proof.We begin with a google search showing hundreds of media citations referencing the NBC/WSJ Poll:And here s the NBC link to the poll, and the NBC Link to the pdf of the poll, and the NBC Poll itself in a scribed pdf:Transparently the poll is manipulated with: a) a small sample (500); and b) the following ideological make-up:By itself that ideological snapshot is silly. Nationally the party registration is roughly 27% (R), 32% (D), and 40% (I) However, the polling sample is the least of the issues for this deconstruction.Arguing about the construct or methodology of the poll is typically what most people do when they are refuting a media poll. That aspect alone is not the big story.Hart Research Associates is headed up by Peter D Hart (founder), and Geoff Garin (President)   SEE HERENow look at what role Geoff Garin, Hart Research Associate President, is currently occupying (link here):OK, so Mr. Geoff Garin, the President of Hart Research and Associates , is currently working as  a strategic adviser for Priorities USA in support of Hillary Clinton s election . Gee, I wonder why the media never tells us that part?See the issue?Here are some recent tweets from Geoffrey Garin (the impartial pollster):In his sex scandal Trump remains the master of the double entendre. pic.twitter.com/SP1N4WPHJI  Geoff Garin (@geoffgarin) October 8, 2016Here is the VERY SCUMMY Geoff Garin arguing with Obama s equally scummy Senior Advisor David Axelrod in 2008 on Meet the Press:Wait, we re not even close to finished. It gets better.Let s take a look at the recent financial connection between, Geoff Garin, Hart Research Associates and Hillary Clinton s Priorities USA Super-PAC.For that information we turn to FEC filings -HERE-. What do they indicate?On Page #118 of the September 2016 (most recent) filing we find a payment for $178,500 (screen grab above)On Page #92 of the same September 2016 (most recent) filing, we find another payment for $42,000 (screen grab below)  $220,500.00 in the month of September alone paid by Hillary Clinton s Priorities USA Super-PAC to Hart Research Associates.  The President of Hart Research Associates, Geoff Garin, is working for Hillary Clinton s campaign.  NBC (S Burke) and The WSJ (Murdoch) contact Geoff Garin (Hart Research Associates) for the post-debate poll data they will use on the day following the debate.  Hart Research Associates provides a small national poll sample (500) result, with skewed party internals, showing Hillary Clinton +11 points.Via: Conservative Treehouse",0
12761,WIKILEAKS EXPOSES Clinton Campaign In Cahoots With Corrupt DOJ On Email Scandal,"An official within Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign appeared to have discussions with sources inside the Department of Justice (DOJ) about ongoing open records lawsuits regarding the former secretary of State s emails, according to an email released on Tuesday.In an email from May 2015, Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon said that  DOJ folks  had  inform[ed]  him about an upcoming status conference in one of the lawsuits regarding Clinton s private email setup. The information about an upcoming court event would have been public knowledge and open for all to attend. And it s unclear whether the people Fallon spoke to at the Justice Department were officials who regularly communicate with the public. However, the fact that Fallon   a former spokesman with the Department of Justice   remained in contact with anyone from the department is likely to renew allegations that the Obama administration maintained an especially cozy relationship with the former secretary of State s presidential campaign.On Tuesday, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said the connection was  unbelievable .The email  shows a level of collusion which calls into question the entire investigation into her private server,  Trump spokesman Jason Miller said in a statement on Tuesday. The Department of Justice must release all communications with the Clinton campaign and her allies as soon as possible in order to definitively prove their investigation was completely above board. Read more: The Hill",0
12762,BREAKING BOMBSHELL: UNDERCOVER VIDEO Shows NY Dem Elections Official Explain STUNNING Voter Fraud Scams In Minority Areas…No ID’s…Absentee Votes,"This video will leave you breathless, as you watch a NY Democrat out the Democrat party and the unbelievable voter fraud the commit. Mayor DeBlasio and Hillary should be sharing a cell together! The Manhattan Democratic representative on the city s Board of Elections was caught on a secret video slamming Mayor Bill de Blasio s municipal ID program as contributing to  all kinds of fraud    including at the polls. He gave out ID cards, de Blasio. That s in lieu of a driver s license, but you can use it for anything,  Commissioner Alan Schulkin said in the undercover video recorded by a muckraker for conservative nonprofit Project Veritas. But they didn t vet people to see who they really are. Anybody can go in there and say,  I am Joe Smith, I want an ID card,  he said in the bombshell tape. It s absurd. There is a lot of fraud. Not just voter fraud, all kinds of fraud . . . This is why I get more conservative as I get older. Schulkin didn t hold back to the undercover journalist, who identified herself as a political consultant at a United Federation of Teachers holiday party on Dec. 16.Not realizing he was being recorded, he broke with his own party s position that voter ID requirements hurt the poor and minorities.Schulkin said he backed the IDs to prevent rampant fraud. The law says you can t ask for anything. Which they really should be able to do,  Schulkin said, according to a copy of the video and transcript provided to The Post. I believe they should be able to do it,  he added.The videographer asked point-blank,  You think they should have voter ID in New York? Schulkin responded,  Voters? Yeah, they should ask for your ID. I think there is a lot of voter fraud. Conservatives claim ID checks help curb voter fraud.Liberal and civil rights groups argue such rules discourage voting and discriminate against minorities and the poor. You know, I don t think it s too much to ask somebody to show some kind of an ID . . . You go into a building, you have to show them your ID,  Schulkin said.While discussing the potential for fraud, Schulkin volunteered that in some parts of the city,  they bus people around to vote . . . They put them in a bus and go poll site to poll site. Asked which neighborhoods, Schulkin said,  I don t want to say. When the undercover mentions black and Hispanic neighborhoods, Schulkin responded,  Yeah . . . and Chinese, too. At another point in the conversation, he discussed potential absentee ballot fraud. Oh, there s thousands of absentee ballots . . . I don t know where they came from,  he said.The undercover offered that  people can cover their faces  to shield their identity when voting, which triggered a conversation about burqas. The Muslims can do that, too. You don t know who they are,  Schulman said. Via: NYP",0
12763,"HILLARY SET TO DESTROY LIVES Of Proud, Hard-Working, Black Coal Miners To Satisfy Mostly White Environmental Activists [VIDEO]","Stealing Jobs From Minorities To Satisfy White Environmentalists Is The Worst Kind Of Racism It s always about the money for Hillary. A University of Michigan survey in May found that leaders of environmental groups are overwhelmingly white males, with ethnic minorities occupying fewer than 12% of leadership positions.The environmental groups that are calling for sweeping changes to the economy   moving away from oil and coal to carbon-free sources of energy   seem incapable of making a transition themselves. These almost exclusively white groups are helping to fund Hillary s campaign while stealing the livelihood of hard-working black American coal miners and Blacks in the communities who s livelihood depends on the coal industry.Take a look at the top executives at eight of the top 10 groups devoted to fighting that fight:Sierra Club? White male.Nature Conservancy? White male.League of Conservation Voters? White male.AdvertisementWorld Wildlife Fund? White male.Environmental Defense Fund? White male.Friends of the Earth? White male.National Audubon Society? White male.Nature Conservancy? White male.Yet, Hillary persists in her desire to shut down the coal industry that has given minorities a way to live a middle to upper middle-class lifestyle, as a way to satisfy her white donors and activists.Watch here as coal miner confronts Hillary on her promise to shut down coal industry:https://youtu.be/-aiHD7AcfbsCoal was booming, and work was plentiful. By the 1930s, the industry employed 400,000 miners, 55,000 of whom were black. African Americans were restricted to more physically demanding positions requiring less skill, earning 30 percent less than whites. But their wages were still high by national standards: $118.30 per month, according to one 1929 survey. By contrast, a national study in 1939 later found that black men earned an average income of $460 per year.By the 1950s, African Americans made up 24 percent of McDowell s population, compared with 6 percent statewide. Locals came to refer to the area as  the Free State of McDowell.  Black doctors, lawyers and entrepreneurs also flocked to the county, drawn to the promise of a better life. Even in the Jim Crow era, unions in the area were integrated, blacks in West Virginia enjoyed voting rights, and local political leadership included many people of color. Everybody had money,  says Clif Moore, a current state delegate for McDowell who was born in the county in 1949.  It was sort of like little New York. Like a little Manhattan. Everything was popping. But at mid-century, as machines began to take over the tasks of drilling and blasting coal and hauling it above ground, black miners were the first to lose their jobs. What had once been an all but certain gateway to the middle class began to close. African Americans fled the industry at even higher rates than whites; by 1960, the share of black workers in coal shrank to 6.6 from 12 percent a decade earlier. In 2014, the most recent year for which Bureau of Labor Statistics data are available, only about 2,500 blacks worked as coal miners, less than 3 percent of the total.Coal has seen booms and busts before, but for locals, this time feels different. Production in Appalachia fell last year by 13 percent (and 10 percent nationwide) as tougher environmental regulations and cheaper natural gas choked off demand for the highly polluting fossil fuel. Last month, the Obama administration announced a moratorium on new coal leases on public lands. Many of the area s mines have closed. Shops are often empty; drug use is rampant. McDowell is now West Virginia s poorest county.Still, families who ve lived here for generations say they re reluctant to leave. They praise the region s physical beauty, close-knit family life and friendly Southern manners.  It s a different kind of black folk here.   They dress differently, they talk differently, they carry themselves differently. They have a little arrogance about them,  says Moore with a grin.Wade, like others here, harbors particular resentment for the Obama administration.  He hasn t done anything for us,  says the 88-year-old, leaning back on a couch in his living room overlooking the mountains.  If he were running again, I just couldn t vote for him. And I ve been a Democrat my whole life. When Wade first started in the mines, Franklin D. Roosevelt was president. It was a dangerous gig, but Wade didn t worry much about safety, even after his brother nearly died in a motor accident underground and his father lost an eye in a roof collapse. Wade says he didn t witness much discrimination, either.  I had some of the nicest white friends that you would ever want to meet. He got involved in the mine s union, serving as president, and later took a job with the United Mine Workers of America. From 2005 to 2011, after his retirement, he also served as mayor of Keystone. But while he cared about local politics, his heart was in the mines. Even today, Wade drives the 30 minutes to the union offices once a week just to say hello.For Jeremy McMillian, 25, working in the mines was difficult at first. He was one of just 13 black employees among roughly 400 at the Pinnacle Mine in Pineville, West Virginia, he says. Occasionally, people directed racial slurs his way, but more often, they simply ignored him.  People not talking to you, just walking by you like you re invisible,  says McMillian.  It s been days I wanted to snap, go crazy. They ll push your buttons. But over five years of running a coal buggy in and out of the mine, he gradually grew close to some colleagues.  I can t blame them. Their parents taught them that. McMillian never thought he d be a coal miner. His father was a cop, and his stepdad, who raised him, owned a roofing business. No one in high school had ambitions to work in the mines unless their fathers did, so McMillian never expected to end up there. In fact, he was afraid of the mines. He d heard of coal workers  pneumoconiosis, more commonly known as black lung. (A recent report found that after near eradication 15 years ago, black lung has resurged as coal miners work longer hours, often in dirtier conditions.) And he didn t think it was a profession welcome to black people. So after high school, he found a job as a mechanic.But when a father of a friend, a white man who d worked in the mines for 32 years, told him he could earn six figures as a coal miner, McMillian signed on. His health concerns haven t evaporated, though. You can make $100,00 a year,  he says.  They pay you that much because it s a dangerous job.  Each time a shift of workers prepares to go underground, he says, they pray together.  All I can do and pray [is that] it ain t my last day in the mines. His wife, a cheerleading coach at the local high school, is ready for him to quit. But there aren t many other jobs available. He has two children to provide for   a 7-year-old daughter and 7-month-old girl. He s studying for his roofing license so he can take over his stepfather s business one day. But he plans to keep working in coal as long as it s viable.That may not be long. In October, his employer, Cliffs Natural Resources, announced it was laying off more than 200 people   roughly half its staff   at the Pinnacle Mine. McMillian kept his job, but his overtime hours were capped, costing him about $2,300 a month, he says. He was relieved, though, to still have a job.McMillian says he s frustrated that so many national politicians seem to be turning against coal.  We don t like Obama  cause he don t like us,  he says. Instead, he may vote for Donald Trump:  He talk a good game,  McMillian says.  We ll see if he stick to it. I mean, who wouldn t want to pay less taxes?  He says he pays up to $2,400 a month in state and federal taxes on his monthly salary, which ranges from $4,000 to $4,500, depending on his hours.Two days before New Year s, McMillian was laid off. But as he was making plans to start a job as a truck driver hauling cars and heavy equipment cross-country, he was called back to the mines. He s happy to be back at work, for now. But he imagines he ll soon have to give up coal for trucking.With her long, black dreadlocks; warm smile; and Trinidadian accent, Janice Martin, 62, doesn t look or sound like a typical coal miner. She arrived in McDowell County in the late 1970s when her then-husband returned to his home state to find work in the lucrative coal industry.Following her mother s counsel, Martin searched for a job too. The mines seemed an obvious place to look. But she was shut out.  They said women were not allowed in the coal mines because they thought it was bad luck,  says Martin. But a few years later, after equal opportunity laws forced the mines to hire women, she tried again. This time she was successful and soon was one of the first five women hired at U.S. Steel Co. Mine Number 9 in Gary, West Virginia.At Mine 9, Martin was a mason. She laid blocks and built stoppings to aid air ventilation for $10 an hour, a good salary for a man or woman. She didn t mind the work, but the male-dominated culture could be demoralizing.  They cuss, and they make dirty jokes, and they make women jokes, and they make black jokes, and they make Polish jokes. I mean, that s how life is, and you have to get used to it.  But none of the jokes were personal, Martin says, and she never felt disrespected.Nearly 40 years later, she s still employed in the coal industry, as the only female (or African-American) mine inspector for the state of West Virginia, covering McDowell and a few other counties. She loves her work but believes even bigger job losses are about to hit.  These communities are dying   slowly,  she says.  People are moving out of these areas, and they aren t coming back. As she drives through McDowell in her beige GMC truck, the Trinidadian flag flying from the mirror, she points with sadness and frustration to the retail stores and government buildings that have shut down in recent years   cleaners, banks, grocery stories, a school. The industry s decline is also hitting her at home. Martin once hoped her 19-year-old daughter, Jazzlee, would work in the mines, but instead she s studying to be a welder.  I raised her that she was going to be in the mines, but the mines dropped drastically; there is no future in mining now. Via: Al Jazeera America",0
12764,BREAKING WIKILEAKS: Hillary Email Exposes Her Hate For The “Everyday Americans” She Built Her Entire Campaign Around [Video],"WIKILEAKS released more e-mails and guess what Hillary detests  everyday Americans . Is anyone except the left surprised by that? After all, it has been proven with these e-mails that she s very much an elitist who admittedly can t relate to regular  folks .Why in the heck would we EVER want a president who detests  everyday Americans ? Hillary built her entire campaign on being the champion of  everyday people  ",0
12765,WOW! DID “Open Borders” Paul Ryan’s Top Advisor Leak Trump Tapes To Liberal Press…Is GOP Setting Up Ryan And Romney For Presidential Bid In 2020?,"A longtime Republican financial backer who attended a New York fundraiser held by Chris Christie for Donald Trump Thursday tells The Daily Caller that most Republican donors are on board with Trump, yet House Speaker Paul Ryan is hoping Trump loses so he can run in four years.The source tells TheDC that the reason Ryan has not been coming out strongly for Trump is because of his desire to run in four years. Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, who has been fervently anti-Trump, also wants to run in four years, according to the longtime Republican backer. Romney will be 73 in 2020.  Daily CallerOn Friday, the Clinton Campaign (Washington Post) released video of Donald Trump bragging about grabbing p*ssy in an off the record conversation with Billy Bush.The Los Angeles Times reported hours after audio was released of Donald Trump making sexually suggestive comments about a woman, that House Speaker Paul D. Ryan castigated Trump and said he would no longer attend their scheduled event on Saturday. I am sickened by what I heard today,  Ryan said in a statement.  Women are to be championed and revered, not objectified. I hope Mr. Trump treats this situation with the seriousness it deserves and works to demonstrate to the country that he has greater respect for women than this clip suggests. Paul Ryan was scheduled to campaign with Trump for the first time on Saturday. It never happened.On Sunday Donald Trump crushed Hillary Clinton in one of the most lopsided debates in political history. It was a brilliant performance. Trump made everyone forget about the WaPo tape.On Monday Paul Ryan sabotaged Donald Trump again and changed the political narrative.Ryan announced he will not campaign with or defend Donald Trump for the rest of the election cycle. This was an odd statement considering Paul Ryan has not once defended Donald Trump this year. He s only attacked Trump, the record-setting Republican primary winner.Liberty University president Jerry Falwell, Jr. suggested today that GOP elites may have leaked the video..@dansenor Writing about #BillyBush tapes, hearing your wife (ex NBC) got a hold of tapes and you pushed the story for your boss. Comment?  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) October 11, 2016https://twitter.com/dansenor/status/785445216299978759Here s Paul Ryan caught on tape cozying up to rapist Bill Clinton:Now this  There are  rumors  that Paul Ryan s close advisor #NeverTrumper Dan Senor is behind the leaks.I spoke with a reporter tonight who believes the reports are true. It was GOP elites who released the audio to the Washington Post.Dan Senor has been pushing the WaPo audio all day. He is determined to keep the story alive. And he s a Republican?https://twitter.com/dansenor/status/785444757912838144 Via: Gateway Pundit",0
12766,BREAKING WIKILEAKS: DNC CHAIR Colluded With Media And Clinton Campaign To Destroy Bernie Sanders,"Friday, Wikileaks released their first batch of Podesta s emails, which included excerpts from Clinton s Wall Street transcripts that reaffirmed why Clinton refused to release them in full. During the second presidential debate, Clinton confirmed their authenticity by attempting to defend one statement she made in the speech about having a public and private stance on political issues. She cited Abraham Lincoln, a defense comparable to her ridiculous invocation of 9/11 when pressed on her ties to Wall Street during a Democratic primary debate.The latest release reveals current DNC chair Donna Brazile, when working as a DNC vice chair, forwarded to the Clinton campaign a January 2016 email obtained from the Bernie Sanders campaign, released by Sarah Ford, Sanders  deputy national press secretary, announcing a Twitter storm from Sanders  African-American outreach team.  FYI  Brazile wrote to the Clinton staff.  Thank you for the heads up on this Donna,  replied Clinton campaign spokesperson Adrienne Elrod.The second batch of emails include more evidence of collusion between the mainstream media and Clinton Campaign.One email, received by prolific Clinton donor Haim Saban, was forwarded to Clinton staff, praising the friendly moderators in the early March 2016 Democratic primary debate co-hosted by Univision in Florida.  Haim, I just wanted to tell you that I thought the moderators for last nights Debate were excellent. They were thoughtful, tough and incisive. I thought it made Hilary appear direct and strong in her resolve. I felt it advanced our candidate. Thanks for Univision,  wrote Rob Friedman, former co-chair of the Motion Picture Group.Another email discusses planting a favorable Clinton story in The New York Times in March 2015.  NYT heroine. Should she call her today?  Podesta wrote to other Clinton campaign staffers with the subject line  Laura Donohoe.   I do think it s a great idea! We can make it happen,  replied Huma Abedin. The story they referred to is likely  In New Hampshire, Clinton Backers Buckle Up,  published in The New York Times on March 12, 2015 about Laura Donahoe, a retired nurse and Clinton supporter in New Hampshire.John Harwood, New York Times contributor and CNBC correspondent, regularly exchanged emails with Podesta communicating more as a Clinton surrogate than a journalist.In an October 2015 email thread, Clinton staff were in damage control over Hillary s support for the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA), which defined marriage as between a man and a woman. Hillary Clinton would not disavow her support for it.  I m not saying double down or ever say it again. I m just saying that she s not going to want to say she was wrong about that, given she and her husband believe it and have repeated it many times. Better to reiterate evolution, opposition to DOMA when court considered it, and forward looking stance. Former Clinton Foundation director, Darnell Strom of the Creative Artist Agency, wrote a condescending email to Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard after she resigned from the DNC to endorse Bernie Sanders, which he then forwarded to Clinton campaign staff.  For you to endorse a man who has spent almost 40 years in public office with very few accomplishments, doesn t fall in line with what we previously thought of you. Hillary Clinton will be our party s nominee and you standing on ceremony to support the sinking Bernie Sanders ship is disrespectful to Hillary Clinton,  wrote Strom.A memo sent from Clinton s general counsel, Marc Elias of the law firm Perkins Coie, outlined legal tricks to circumvent campaign finance laws to raise money in tandem with Super Pacs.Read more: The Observer",0
12767,"WIKILEAKS CLINTON CAMPAIGN EMAIL: Uneducated, “Unaware” Supporters Not As Easy To Manipulate As Before","Another stunning, arrogant slam against Hillary supporters by the Hillary campaign A Clinton campaign email released as part of the Wikileaks data dump earlier today talks about the need to maintain political power by producing  an unaware and compliant citizenry .The email was sent to Hillary Clinton s campaign chairman John Podesta by former Clinton administration official Bill Ivy on March 13, 2016.Ivy was appointed Chairman of the National Endowment for the Arts during Bill Clinton s second term. According to his bio, Ivy  is a trustee of the Center for American Progress (a Clinton campaign front), and was a Team Leader in the Barack Obama presidential transition. In the email, Ivy outlines the panic amongst some Democrats that Donald Trump s  celebrity politics  persona cannot be matched by Hillary, who is  not an entertainer, and not a celebrity in the Trump, Kardashian mold. Money isn t all that important if you can conflate entertainment with the electoral process. Trump masters TV, TV so-called news picks up and repeats and repeats to death this opinionated blowhard and his hairbrained ideas, free-floating discontent attaches to a seeming strongman and we re off and running,  complains Ivy.Ivy wonders how Clinton can combat Trump s larger than life appeal, worrying that simply  defaulting to policy  won t work.  And as I ve mentioned, we ve all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry,  he writes. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking   and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging. To emphasize, Ivy admits that the left has  conspired  to  produce an unaware and compliant citizenry  but that they re not as easy to manipulate anymore and that this is a problem. He characterizes  unawareness  amongst the public as a positive thing for the Clinton campaign.Ivy ends the email by saying he will attend a Clinton fundraiser and that he fears,  we are all now trying to navigate a set of forces that cannot be simply explained or fully understood. For entire story: Infowars",0
12768,MUST WATCH VIDEO! TRUMP’S MINI-ME Steals The Show From “The Donald”…Adorable! [Video],"HERE S ANOTHER VIEW:Watch Trump invite little child dressed up as Donald Trump onto the stage in Wilkes-Barre, PA. pic.twitter.com/2WqZm8JXm1  Deplorable AJ (@asamjulian) October 11, 2016 ",0
12769,WOW! 1996 NYT’s Stunning Article SLAYS First Lady Hillary Clinton…Calls Her A “CONGENITAL LIAR”…”she is in the longtime habit of lying; and she has never been called to account for lying”,"How did we ever get to the point where we would even  consider electing a woman who is the most well-known liar in America? The media has been buzzing since what many consider an inappropriate private conversation that Donald J. Trump had with another man 11 years ago was released. Funny how the media is willing to gloss over a shameful career of a  congenital liar  simply because her last name is Clinton (wife of the former President Bill Clinton who was impeached for lying under oath to a Grand Jury) and because she comes equipped with the right genitatlia   Americans of all political persuasions are coming to the sad realization that our First Lady   a woman of undoubted talents who was a role model for many in her generation   is a congenital liar.Drip by drip, like Whitewater torture, the case is being made that she is compelled to mislead, and to ensnare her subordinates and friends in a web of deceit.1. Remember the story she told about studying The Wall Street Journal to explain her 10,000 percent profit in 1979 commodity trading? We now know that was a lie told to turn aside accusations that as the Governor s wife she profited corruptly, her account being run by a lawyer for state poultry interests through a disreputable broker.She lied for good reason: To admit otherwise would be to confess taking, and paying taxes on, what some think amounted to a $100,000 bribe.2. The abuse of Presidential power known as Travelgate elicited another series of lies. She induced a White House lawyer to assert flatly to investigators that Mrs. Clinton did not order the firing of White House travel aides, who were then harassed by the F.B.I. and Justice Department to justify patronage replacement by Mrs. Clinton s cronies.Now we know, from a memo long concealed from investigators, that there would be  hell to pay  if the furious First Lady s desires were scorned. The career of the lawyer who transmitted Hillary s lie to authorities is now in jeopardy. Again, she lied with good reason: to avoid being identified as a vindictive political power player who used the F.B.I. to ruin the lives of people standing in the way of juicy patronage.3. In the aftermath of the apparent suicide of her former partner and closest confidant, White House Deputy Counsel Vincent Foster, she ordered the overturn of an agreement to allow the Justice Department to examine the files in the dead man s office. Her closest friends and aides, under oath, have been blatantly disremembering this likely obstruction of justice, and may have to pay for supporting Hillary s lie with jail terms.Again, the lying was not irrational. Investigators believe that damning records from the Rose Law Firm, wrongfully kept in Vincent Foster s White House office, were spirited out in the dead of night and hidden from the law for two years   in Hillary s closet, in Web Hubbell s basement before his felony conviction, in the President s secretary s personal files   before some were forced out last week.Why the White House concealment? For good reason: The records show Hillary Clinton was lying when she denied actively representing a criminal enterprise known as the Madison S.& L., and indicate she may have conspired with Web Hubbell s father-in-law to make a sham land deal that cost taxpayers $3 million.Why the belated release of some of the incriminating evidence? Not because it mysteriously turned up in offices previously searched. Certainly not because Hillary Clinton and her new hang-tough White House counsel want to respond fully to lawful subpoenas.One reason for the Friday-night dribble of evidence from the White House is the discovery by the F.B.I. of copies of some of those records elsewhere. When Clinton witnesses are asked about specific items in  lost  records   which investigators have   the White House  finds  its copy and releases it. By concealing the Madison billing records two days beyond the statute of limitations, Hillary evaded a civil suit by bamboozled bank regulators.Another reason for recent revelations is the imminent turning of former aides and partners of Hillary against her; they were willing to cover her lying when it advanced their careers, but are inclined to listen to their own lawyers when faced with perjury indictments.Therefore, ask not  Why didn t she just come clean at the beginning?  She had good reasons to lie; she is in the longtime habit of lying; and she has never been called to account for lying herself or in suborning lying in her aides and friends.No wonder the President is fearful of holding a prime-time press conference. Having been separately deposed by the independent counsel at least twice, the President and First Lady would be well advised to retain separate defense counsel.   New York Times",0
12770,FLASHBACK: Hillary And Raunchy Actress Discuss Desire To See Rock Star’s Penis: “I’ll look for that” [Video],"Dunham interviewed Clinton in 2015 and the topic of Kravitz s  wardrobe malfunction  during a Stockholm concert, viewable here, came up. Did you see the footage when his pants split?  Dunham asked Clinton. No, I missed that,  she replied. I mean, his stuff fell out of his pants,  Dunham said. Yeah, you think I could get that,  Clinton said, with Dunham adding,  You can get that on YouTube. It s on YouTube? Good, I ll look for that,  Clinton said.If Donald Trump had said something similar on camera, wouldn t it be considered  locker room talk,  if not more? ",0
12771,THE VIEW’S LOUDMOUTH LIBERAL Joy Behar Calls Bill Clinton’s Rape Victims “TRAMPS” On Show Targeted To Women [VIDEO],"Wow way to appeal to an almost exclusively female audience! Because every woman who s been raped, can certainly connect with a loudmouth talk show host who calls them  tramps Unbelievable!The View's Joy Behar calls Bill Clinton's rape victims ""tramps,"" liberal audience laughs. But they really care about women. pic.twitter.com/pxZ02YMWPO  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) October 10, 2016Maybe someone should tell Joy Behar there are actual campaigns out there directed at women to help them not be ashamed to speak out about sexual abuse and rape.",0
12772,"BREAKING WIKILEAKS: Hillary Admits U.S. Can’t Possibly Vet Muslim Refugees…While Calling For 65,000 More Refugees [Video]","PLEASE NOTE THE OVERWHELMING INFORMATION REGARDING THE INABILITY TO VET THE REFUGEES:DEAR MR PRESIDENT: Listen To Your Own FBI Director And Homeland Security Tell Us We CANNOT Properly Screen The Syrian  Refugees  [Video]TOP SECURITY OFFICIALS  CONCERNS ON REFUGEE VETTINGHouse Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul stated yesterday during a pen and pad on H.R. 4038,  It is the Administration s own officials that were warning us about this program. It s not me making this up. This came from testimony that came from both F.B.I. and homeland security officials in briefings and in public testimony. I would argue that [the President] can spin it politically anyway he wants to but the fact of the matter is: the threat is real. ISIS has said in their own words that they want to exploit it to infiltrate the West.In a private 2013 speech, Hillary Clinton worried about the risk of  jihadists  entering Jordan with  legitimate refugees  because  they can t possibly vet all those refugees. Clinton today wants to increase the amount of Syrian refugees the United States takes in by 55,000 annually. She believes that the U.S. refugee screening process is comprehensive enough to catch potential jihadists trying to enter the country, though FBI Director James Comey has said that the vetting process is severely limited by a lack of available data. So I think you re right to have gone to the places that you visited because there s a discussion going on now across the region to try to see where there might be common ground to deal with the threat posed by extremism, and particularly with Syria, which has everyone quite worried, Jordan because it s on their border and they have hundreds of thousands of refugees and they can t possibly vet all those refugees,  Clinton said before the Jewish United Fund Of Metropolitan Chicago during an October 2013 lunch.She added,  So they don t know if, you know, jihadists are coming in along with legitimate refugees. Turkey for the same reason. Read more: Daily Caller ",0
12773,BREAKING: REPORTER Says Secret Service Took Debate Attendees Phones To Avoid Flash That Could Trigger Hillary’s Seizures [VIDEO],"Health professionals have been speculating for months that Hillary s odd behavior and inability to stand or walk without help is likely related to Parkinson s disease. That would explain the videos where Hillary is seen having what appears to be having a seizure. Since seizures are triggered by flashes, it makes sense that the Secret Service would take phones away from the audience. Having a full-blown seizure on the debate stage would probably be a mistake at this point in the campaign after Hillary s been likely hiding a serious, debilitating disease Watch here:And here:https://youtu.be/11-EAzsGxgQLast night the Secret Service took attendees phones before going into the debate.now we know why REPORTER:  This is why it was banned apparently because the Secret Service did not trust people to disable the flashes on their cameras and they were afraid it would inspire Hillary s seizure disorder. A reported admitted on Monday that the Secret Service told reporters not to use a flash because of Hillary Clinton s seizure disorder.Secret Service told reporters at the #debate not to use flash so that it won't trigger Hillary's seizure disorder. https://t.co/30zh3Y5cAb  REGATED (@regated) October 10, 2016Via: Gateway Pundit",0
12774,BREAKING: WIKILEAKS RELEASES LIST Of Reporters Taking Marching Orders From Hillary Clinton…NEVER TO BE TRUSTED!,"Here s the behind-the-scenes scoop:The Clinton campaign likes to use glitzy, intimate, completely off-the-record parties between top campaign aides and leading media personalities. One of the most elaborately planned get-togethers was described in an April, 2015, memo   produced, according to the document metadata, by deputy press secretary Jesse Ferguson   to take place shortly before Clinton s official announcement of her candidacy. The event was an April 10 cocktail party for leading news figures and top-level Clinton staff at the Upper East Side home of Clinton strategist Joel Benenson, a fully off-the-record gathering designed to impart the campaign s messaging: Read more: The Intercept",0
12775,BILL CLINTON’S RAPE ACCUSERS Speak Out: “We Are Terrified Of Hillary” [VIDEO],"Wow! These women are incredibly brave. Paula Jones, Juanita Broaddrick and Kathleen Willey are role models for women everywhere who are afraid to demand justice for their rapists. I hope they never go anywhere alone. And I m not kidding!",0
12776,NOT-IMPARTIAL DEBATE MODERATOR Martha Raddatz Sat On Whistleblower Story That Could’ve Ended Obama’s Chances in 2008 [VIDEO]," Impartial  is not a word most people who know debate moderator Martha Raddatz would use to describe her. Here is a stunning story Breitbart News broke with amazing former liberal Anita Moncrief:One of the co-moderators of the presidential debate in St. Louis, ABC News Chief Global Affairs Correspondent Martha Raddatz, sat through the 2008 election on a major political corruption story that could have changed the trajectory of the election.Raddatz, Breitbart News has learned, refused to publish a story on the alleged improper collusion and coordination between then Sen. Barack Obama (D-IL) and the national headquarters of the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now, also known as ACORN despite having enough evidence to do so.Radiate, along with CNN s Anderson Cooper, was a co-moderater at last night s presidential debate between GOP presidential nominee Donald J. Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton.After she and her producer received a tip about ACORN corruption and Obama s connection to it and evidence backing up the eventual whistleblower s claims, they showed initial interest in pursuing the story. Anita Moncrief, the eventual ACORN whistleblower told Breitbart News exclusively that she met with Raddatz s producer Avni Patel in 2008.Here is former liberal Anita Moncrief s stunning story:Both Patel and Raddatz were given documents that they covered up and refused to report on until after the election. Raddatz, who was then the White House correspondent for ABC News, and her producer Patel were also provided with personal accounts of the collusion between ACORN and the Obama campaign in October 2008, Moncrief told Breitbart News.Moncrief, who worked in ACORN s Washington, D.C., headquarters, would later expose the organization when she turned into a full-blown whistleblower after the election. But if Raddatz ran the story, the election may have turned out differently, especially had the public known the depths to which this scandal went.Moncrief told Breitbart News that she met with Raddatz s producer Patel in Washington after initially having made contact with Raddatz herself through a representative. The meeting lasted almost an hour in a coffee shop in Washington, D.C.After meeting with Patel, Moncrief received an email from the producer:Anita, It was good talking to you today. I look forward to learning more, and taking a look at those documents you mentioned. It sounds like the easiest way to get those from you would be to directly download the files from your web-transfer site. If that doesn t work, you can try to send them to my gmail account.Patel gave Moncrief every indication that ABC News was going to broadcast the report, she said. They were very excited. They said they were willing to run the story,  she said.Using the user name and password given to her by Patel, Moncrief sent documents on Oct. 14, 2008 to Patel using the company s file transfer protocol line, ftp1.abc.com. There was another transfer of another dozen documents by email to Patel on Oct. 26, 2008.Moncrief told Breitbart News that ABC News received and acknowledged receipt of the documents that spelled out specific instances of collusion between the Obama campaign and named individuals at ACORN and Project Vote. Among the documents were internal correspondences with Moncrief s name, which she said she included to prove that she was who she said she was.Moncrief told Breitbart News the Obama campaign passed to ACORN and by extension to its sister entity Project Vote the campaign s full donor list, which included all donors and fuller descriptions. This list was different from the limited list of contributors the campaign filed with the Federal Election Commission, which for example did not include small-dollar donors. Because of their non-profit status, ACORN and Project Vote were prohibited from coordinating with a candidate s committee.The problem was that Moncrief was a left-wing activist and she wanted to go through a left-leaning media outlet, so he suggested ABC News and Martha Raddatz, he said.Gaynor said he met Raddatz through email because he she sent him proof that he had repeated a false claim about her suppressing the number of soldiers in Iraq supporting Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) for president.With that awkwardness between them, Gaynor said he reached out to Raddatz and explained to her the whole story of collusion between ACORN and Project Vote and the Obama campaign. After the initial conversation, Raddatz told Gaynor that she was interested. Moncrief said she then emailed Raddatz and attached her resume, so that Raddatz would appreciate her background. Raddatz emailed back and told her that Patel would would follow up.Raddatz has a troubled history of undisclosed associations with Democrats that arguably affect her ability to be impartial.She was the moderator for the 2012 vice presidential debate between Vice President Joe Biden and now House Speaker then GOP vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan. But Raddatz did not disclose to viewers that Biden s running mate, President Barack Obama, attended her 1991 wedding when she married now former Federal Communications Commission (FCC) chairman Julius Genachowski.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
12777,STUNNING: Hillary’s Own Numbers Show Her Tax Hike Proposals Will Cost American Workers Additional $1 TRILLION,"Wow! If I were Hillary, I d stop sending people to her website during the debates as a way to deflect from actual issues. They may find out something pretty horrifying like maybe a TRILLION dollar tax hike! Trillion dollar tax hike   Hillary s tax hike proposals will raise taxes on the American people by over $1,000,000,000,000 over the next ten years, based on her campaign s own numbers.Payroll Tax Hike   Hillary said she would not veto a payroll tax increase on all Americans should such a bill reach her desk. She said she would set her middle class tax pledge aside. This took place Jan. 12 in Iowa, and it s on video:Moderator:  Democrats have introduced a plan that Senator Sanders supports that you ve come out against because it is funded by a payroll tax. If that were to reach your desk as President, would you veto it in order to make good on your tax pledge? Hillary Clinton:  No. No. Soda Tax Hike   Hillary endorsed a steep new soda pop tax in Philadelphia. This will cost soda purchasers an extra $2.16 per 12-pack. Bernie Sanders called out Hillary s violation of her middle class tax pledge: Frankly, I am very surprised that Secretary Clinton would support this regressive tax after pledging not to raise taxes on anyone making less than $250,000. This proposal clearly violates her pledge,  he said.Sanders also said:  The mechanism here is fairly regressive. And that is, it will be increasing taxes on low-income and working people. 25% National Gun Tax   Hillary endorsed a new national 25% retail sales tax on guns.  I am all for that,  she told the Senate in 1993. On June 5, 2016 she was asked about her gun tax endorsement by George Stephanopoulos on ABC s This Week. She acknowledged her gun tax endorsement and did not disavow it, saying she wanted the gun tax money to pay for Hillarycare. If you have any doubts about her strong desire to impose a new gun tax, watch her face in the video.Doubling of federal excise tax on guns   Hillary also endorsed a doubling of the existing federal excise tax on guns.65% Death Tax   Hillary is now pushing a 65% Death Tax. And her own finances are arranged to shield herself from death taxes.Capital Gains Tax Hike   Hillary has proposed the most complex and Byzantine capital gains tax regime in American history, with ten different rates. She raises the top capital gains tax rate from 23.8% to 43.4%.No Corporate Income Tax Rate Relief for Anyone   Hillary offers no income tax rate reduction for any business. The USA has the highest corporate income tax in the world, which kills jobs and makes us less competitive. Even Bill Clinton understands the need to cut the corporate rate.No Personal Income Tax Rate Relief for Anyone   Hillary offers no income tax rate reduction for any American.Carbon Tax   Hillary s campaign has opened the door to a carbon tax if she wins the White House. Democrat Senate Leader Chuck Schumer is also fantasizing about a carbon tax under Hillary, and a carbon tax is part of the official 2016 Democrat party platform.To learn more about Hillary s tax hike plan, visit ATR s dedicated website: www.HighTaxHillary.com ",0
12778,PROOF THEY KNOW SHE’S LOSING…Hillary’s Campaign Spokesman Tells Trump: “Go F*ck Yourself” During Debate,"Hillary s foreign policy spokesperson showed his hand tonight when he saw Crooked Hillary getting hammered by Trump in the second debate.Lehrich lost it after Trump s brilliant response after Hillary attempted to use the death of Muslim-American Captain Khan to somehow show that Trump is a xenophobe. Trump told Hillary if he were President, Khan would still be alive. Here s who Democrat spokesperson for Hillary responded:hey, @realDonaldTrump   regarding your claim that Captain Khan would be alive if you were president:go fuck yourself.#debate  Jesse Lehrich (@JesseLehrich) October 10, 2016",0
12779,TRUMP NAILED IT! Everyone’s Calling THIS The Best Line Of The Night..Mic Drop Moment…[Video], ,0
12780,DID HILLARY REALLY THINK She’d Get Away With Telling Big Fat Lie About Obama’s “Red Line” Comment?,"It s not a big surprise given her propensity for lying, but when Hillary knew she was getting destroyed by Trump on her ineffective, embarrassing record as Secretary of State, she lied about not being Obama s Secretary of State during his ridiculous  red line  comment During Sunday night s presidential debate, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton denied that she was in office as Secretary of State when President Barack Obama refused to punish Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad for using chemical weapons against civilians after calling chemical weapons use a  red line  which could not be crossed. They had a chance to do something with Syria, and that was the line,  Republican nominee Donald Trump said of his Democratic rival and the administration in which she worked.  You were there as Secretary of State with the so-called  line in the sand. No, I wasn t, I was gone,  Clinton replied.President Obama delivered his famous  red line  speech   in which he described the use of chemical weapons against civilians by Assad as a  red line  that Assad could not cross without suffering serious international consequences   in August 2012. We have been very clear to the Assad regime, but also to other players on the ground, that a red line for us is we start seeing a whole bunch of chemical weapons moving around or being utilized. That would change my calculus,  President Obama said at the time.Hillary Clinton served President Obama as Secretary of State from January 21, 2009 to February 1, 2013, according to the State Department. She was not in office when Assad used chemical weapons yet again in 2015, violating international law. The White House did not respond to Assad with any direct military retaliation. Via: Breitbart ",0
12781,HILLARY JUST FOUND A FRIEND AT THE DEBATE…You know what they say about flies #HillaryClintonFly,TWITTER IS ABUZZ OVER THE FLY THAT LANDED ON HILLARY S FACE:This is so strange Obama and Hillary both have had a fly land on  them like this. It s just very odd and very telling the fly looks for garbage HummmHaHa!!! Someone has already made a Twitter page named: Hillary Clinton Fly,0
12782,BREAKING: “TODAY” SHOW’S BILLY BUSH PUNISHED For Saucy Talk With Trump In 2005…Is This 2016?,"THESE HOLIER THAN THOU PEOPLE ARE SICKENING! Since when does someone pretty much get fired for saying nothing wrong AT ALL? Bill Bush will never darken the door of The Today Show because of NOTHING! This entire situation is so out of control it s sickening! Billy Bush has been suspended from the  Today  show  pending further review of the matter,  NBC News said Sunday night.It is unclear if he will ever return to the broadcast. He will never be on the show again,  an on-air source said, reflecting what staffers are saying behind the scenes.The sudden change came amid a chorus of calls for disciplinary action against Bush over his vulgar 2005 conversation with Donald Trump that was caught on tape and revealed on Friday.NBC sources initially said Bush was not being disciplined and that he would be in his usual spot as co-host of the  Today  show s 9 a.m. hour on Monday morning.As late as Sunday morning, one of the sources was saying that Bush would use Monday s broadcast to reiterate the apology he made Friday.But on Sunday afternoon, senior NBC executives made the decision to bench Bush on Monday, effectively reprimanding him.A couple of hours later, the executive in charge of  Today,  Noah Oppenheim, said in an internal memo that the executives had decided to go even further and suspend Bush. I know we ve all been deeply troubled by the revelations of the past 48 hours,  Oppenheim wrote. Let me be clear   there is simply no excuse for Billy s language and behavior on that tape,  he wrote.  NBC has decided to suspend Billy, pending further review of this matter. Before the memo was released, the on-air source said staffers were in the dark, stuck refreshing Twitter to find out what was going on with Bush.The suspension was a stunning turn of events. The  Today  show recently made a multi-million-dollar bet on Bush, relocating him from Los Angeles to New York and making him a co-host.But the taped 2005 conversation between Bush and Trump has upended the careers of both men.Read more: wisn",0
12783,DONALD TRUMP – VS – CROOKED HILLARY Second Presidential Debate – Live Feed!, ,0
12784,LOL! WHY THIS LIST OF GOP “Leaders” Have NO Business Condemning Trump,"The list of hypocrites and sore losers who are taking aim at Trump instead of the real enemy, Hillary Clinton, is getting longer every minute. Mitt just can t seem to get over the fact that Trump is wildly more appealing to Americans from every walk of life than he was in 2012. Mitt has learned some painful lessons in where he went wrong by watching Trump s successes. Trump is a fighter. From the outset, Trump made it clear that he would not allow the media to control the narrative. Romney s inability to fight back cost him the election and he knows it. While there is no question Romney is a wonderful family man, there is a question about why he has remained silent about Hillary and her criminal dealings while focusing all of his energy on destroying Trump. His condemnation of Trump comes as no surprise. Sadly, his condemnation of Hillary is nowhere to be found. Sorry Mitt, but your embarrassing behavior is hardly the mark of a true team player Hitting on married women? Condoning assault? Such vile degradations demean our wives and daughters and corrupt America's face to the world.  Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) October 8, 2016Senator Mark Kirk (R-IL).@realDonaldTrump should drop out. @GOP should engage rules for emergency replacement.  Mark Kirk (@SenatorKirk) October 8, 2016In June 2015, many in the GOP were calling for Senator Kirk to step down after making a comment about fellow Senator Lindsey Graham on a hot mic that many considered to be very offensive: He s a bro with no ho,  Kirk said of Graham.  That s what we d say on the South Side. Really? A bro with no ho? That s what we d say on the South Side?He was referring, of course, to Republican presidential hopeful and confirmed bachelor Sen. Lindsey Graham, and the speculation that Graham would have a bevy of  rotating  first ladies.   CTOhio Governor John Kasich (R)Sore loser #1 Ohio Governor John Kasich had no intention of voting for Trump. He and Jeb! win prize for biggest sore losers who couldn t find their way out of their own pity parties to support Trump and the GOP when the RNC was held in his own state. Kasich s statement is about as meaningful as his candidacy was to GOP voters. This little ankleI will not vote for a nominee who has behaved in a manner that reflects so poorly on our country. FULL STATEMENT: https://t.co/7zUFPXvXPA  John Kasich (@JohnKasich) October 8, 2016 Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush (R)Now that we have the biggest loser out of the way, let s focus on the second biggest loser in the GOP the guy who believed (much like Hillary) that it was his turn for the nomination. When things didn t work for the open-borders candidate, he grabbed his binky and went home to Barbara and George Sr where they agreed to work together as a family unit to openly disrespect Donald J. Trump who beat him fair and square in the primaries, in spite of the $150 Million he received from large donors against Trump s self-funded campaign.As the grandfather of two precious girls, I find that no apology can excuse away Donald Trump's reprehensible comments degrading women.  Jeb Bush (@JebBush) October 7, 2016Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL)The 3rd biggest loser Marco Rubio was supposed to win it all. He was the establishments  Golden boy  this time around. Things fell apart for him however when America started to question his policies on immigration. At about the same time, Trump s nonexistent campaign was catching fire after he boldly proclaimed he would make defending our borders and getting illegal immigration under control in America. No one in the out-of-touch GOP could have predicted America felt so strongly about the crisis we as a nation are facing after 8 years of Obama s reckless open-borders policies. Rubio was stunned by his brutal defeat and he s never recovered.Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX)After taking a shellacking in the primaries, by a formidable opponent, Senator Cruz had the opportunity to make things right after he was invited to speak at the RNC. He chose instead to use his time in front of millions of Republicans to promote himself instead of embracing the man who America chose to be the GOP candidate. At the beginning of the primaries, I donated to Cruz s campaign more than once. I am now sorry I ever supported him.Every wife, mother, daughter   every person   deserves to be treated with dignity and respect. https://t.co/AVSEBastVc  Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) October 8, 2016By the way, does anyone remember when Ted Cruz was being accused of having multiple affairs. Does anyone remember when Cruz was put on the spot and asked directly if he had been having affairs on his wife, Carly Fiorina jumped in and answered the question for him. Notice he skillfully deflected and never answered the question. We re not suggesting he is guilty, but it is curious that he never answered the question.Senator John McCain (R-AZ)And then there s the guy who hasn t done a single thing for conservative in years. While we appreciate and respect the great sacrifices Senator John McCain made for our nation, it should not offer him total immunity from being a complete a*shole and a sellout to conservatives. In addition to my well known differences with Donald Trump on public policy issues, I have raised questions about his character after his comments on Prisoners of War, the Khan Gold Star family, Judge Curiel and earlier inappropriate comments about women. Just this week, he made outrageous statements about the innocent men in the Central Park Five case.We ve had just about enough of his pandering to the Left. His defense of Kzir Khan, Muslim father of a fallen-soldier with ties to Hillary Clinton and Valerie Jarrett was despicable. He may have been hero on the battlefield, but he s been a coward in the Senate when it comes to standing up for conservative principles. And oh yeah, there s that one time when John McCain called his wife Cindy a  cunt :John McCain s temper is well documented. He s called opponents and colleagues  shitheads,   assholes  and in at least one case  a fucking jerk. Three reporters from Arizona, on the condition of anonymity, also let me in on another incident involving McCain s intemperateness. In his 1992 Senate bid, McCain was joined on the campaign trail by his wife, Cindy, as well as campaign aide Doug Cole and consultant Wes Gullett. At one point, Cindy playfully twirled McCain s hair and said,  You re getting a little thin up there.  McCain s face reddened, and he responded,  At least I don t plaster on the makeup like a trollop, you cunt.  McCain s excuse was that it had been a long day. If elected president of the United States, McCain would have many long days.  HPBut we won t talk about that because he s a war hero. Only Trump is responsible for the words he used 10 years ago.There were several other of the usual suspects we all expect to see trashing Trump, the ones who usually vote on the other side of the aisle, or those who haven t passed a single piece of meaningful legislation who are just trying to pander to their blue states, but the best denouncement of Trump came from of all people, former husband of Maria Shriver of the Kennedy clan, actor and Governor of California, Arnold Schwarznegger and oh yeah the guy who fathered a son with the MARRIED family housekeeper and then hid his existence from his wife and children.As proud as I am to label myself a Republican, there is one label that I hold above all else   American. My full statement: pic.twitter.com/biRvY8S3aZ  Arnold (@Schwarzenegger) October 8, 2016Hey Arnold, there s a big difference between talking about having an affair with a married woman and actually HAVING an affair with a married woman oh yeah and then there s that whole illegitimate child thing ",0
12785,JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO: “Trump Leak Was A Clinton Setup” [Video], ,0
12786,"TRUMP SOUNDED LIKE A CHOIR BOY Next To Hillary’s Foul-Mouthed, Abusive Rants: “Where’s the miserable c*ck sucker?”…and MORE","Hillary Clinton has a long history of violence and abusing and men, women and security officers.Of course, you ll never see any of these quotes from the condescending former  First Witch  in the mainstream media, but that doesn t mean they didn t happen. Hillary has a reputation for having a vulgar potty mouth and a nasty disposition. Wouldn t it be nice if the GOP  leaders  cared as much about her negatives as an 11 year old Trump story.Here are a few of her more memorable lines: Where is the G-damn f**king flag? I want the G-damn f**king flag up every f**king morning at f**king sunrise.  (From the book  Inside The White House  by Ronald Kessler, p. 244   Hillary to the staff at the Arkansas Governor s mansion on Labor Day, 1991) You sold out, you mother f**ker! You sold out!  From the book  Inside  by Joseph Califano, p. 213   Hillary yelling at Democrat lawyer. Son of a b*tch!  (From the book  American Evita  by Christopher Anderson, p. 259   Hillary s opinion of President George W. Bush when she found out he secretly visited Iraq on Thanksgiving just days before her highly publicized trip.)F**k off! It s enough that I have to see you shit-kickers every day, I m not going to talk to you too!! Just do your G*damn job and keep your mouth shut.  (From the book  American Evita  by Christopher Anderson, p. 90   Hillary to her State Trooper bodyguards after one of them greeted her with  Good morning. You f**king idiot.  (From the book  Crossfire  p. 84   Hillary to a State Trooper who was driving her to an event.) If you want to remain on this detail, get your f**king ass over here and grab those bags!  (From the book  The First Partner  p. 259   Hillary to a Secret Service Agent who was reluctant to carry her luggage because he wanted to keep his hands free in case of an incident.) Get f**ked! Get the f**k out of my way!!! Get out of my face!!! (From the book  Hillary s Scheme  p. 89   Hillary s various comments to her Secret Service detail agents.) Stay the f**k back, stay the f**k away from me! Don t come within ten yards of me, or else! Just f**king do as I s ay, Okay!!!?  (From the book  Unlimited Access , by Clinton FBI Agent in Charge, Gary Aldrige, p. 139   Hillary screaming at her Secret Service detail.) Why do I have to keep proving to people that I am not a liar?! (From the book  The Survivor,  by John Harris, p. 382   Hillary in her 2000 Senate campaign) Where s the miserable c*ck sucker?  (From the book  The Truth About Hillary  by Edward Klein, p. 5   Hillary shouting at a Secret Service officer) Put this on the ground! I left my sunglasses in the limo. I need those sunglasses. We need to go back!  (From the book  Dereliction of Duty  p. 71-72   Hillary to Marine One helicopter pilot to turn back while en route to Air Force One.) Come on Bill, put your dick up! You can t f**k her here!!  (From the book  Inside The White House  by Ronald Kessler, p. 243   Hillary to Gov. Clinton when she spots him talking with an attractive female at an Arkansas political rally) You know, I m going to start thanking the woman who cleans the restroom in the building I work in. I m going to start thinking of her as a human being  -Hillary Clinton (From the book  The Case Against Hillary Clinton  by Peggy Noonan, p. 55) The only way to make a difference is to acquire power  (From the book  I ve Always Been A Yankee Fan  by Thomas D. Kuiper, p 68   Hillary to a friend before starting law school.)Trump talks smack with men. Hillary Clinton abuses people.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
12787,WATCH HUGE CROWD CHEER When Asked If Trump Should “Win For America” [Video], ,0
12788,TONIGHT’S FIRST DEBATE QUESTION WILL BE…Going To Hillary And It’s A Doozy!," Tonight s debate questioning  will start off with a question to Hillary Clinton about a videotape of Donald Trump speaking about women Oy vey!Is this election REALLY going to come down to this? Unreal!The first set of questions at Sunday night s presidential debate will be about Donald Trump s vulgar comments on a newly published 2005 videotape, and the fallout from it.And Hillary Clinton will get the first question.Moderators Anderson Cooper of CNN and Martha Raddatz of ABC have adjusted their plan for the debate in light of the Trump tape, sources told CNNMoney.While everything is subject to change until air time, an ABC source said   perhaps confirming the obvious   that Trump and Clinton will both be prompted to address the matter.A coin toss by the Commission on Presidential Debates determined that Clinton will speak first.Read more: Breitbart",0
12789,LIBERAL HACK ALEC BALDWIN Performed Rank Trump-Bashing Skit Last Night…Baldwin Is No Saint!,"Open Borders/ImmigrationTrade/OverregulationForeign PolicyNow that s what we need to discuss but will America get over the reality TV sort of political season we re having? Here s what I m hoping I m hoping Americans finally realize we have way too much to lose in this election than to be swayed by something someone said 10 years ago: This election cycle, Republicans finally realized that we need to stop playing the civility game and put someone in the ring who can fight back. We finally recognized the futility of complaining to the referee about unfairness. Unfortunately, it took us almost a decade to realize that the MSM have stacked the deck. We re not after another gentleman politician; we needed a card shark, a gunslinger, and a hustler. And that s what we got with Trump. Yes, we realize that that type of person brings a lot of baggage, but we re desperate to win. There is too much to lose Read more: American Thinker",0
12790,WATCH TRUMP FANS Converge On Trump Tower To Lend Support: “Go Trump!” [Video],"#TrumpTrain??????????@realDonaldTrump isn t going anywhere. The MASSIVE MOVEMENT continues. Together, we will ALL #MAGA! #AmericaFirst pic.twitter.com/O0uOgFVuXJ  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) October 8, 2016THE CROWD GOES NUTS!Donald Trump waves, high-fives supporters outside Trump Tower after a day of fallout over his 2005 sexually-charged comments. pic.twitter.com/Ri3ClKcviR  ABC News (@ABC) October 8, 2016THE NYPD had a message for all of the TRUMP supporters gathered outside of Trump Tower via speaker: ? GO TRUMP! ",0
12791,TOP TEN THINGS Hillary Clinton Doesn’t Want You To See From Wikileaks E-mails,"TOP 10 THINGS HILLARY DOESN T WANT YOU TO SEELeaked Transcripts of Hillary Clinton s Closed Door Paid Speeches Reveal What Clinton s Title Should Actually Be, (D-Wall Street) Hillary Clinton s secret Wall Street speeches prove what we have known all along   that Clinton is a self-serving Washington insider who has continued to deceive the American people for 30 years. Now we finally get confirmation of Clinton s catastrophic plans for completely open borders and diminishing America s influence in the world. There is a reason Clinton gave these high-paid speeches in secret behind closed doors   her real intentions will destroy American sovereignty as we know it, further illustrating why Hillary Clinton is simply unfit to be president.    Jason Miller, Senior Communications AdviserTOP TAKEAWAYS Clinton said that to be  successful, politically  you  need both a public and private position  on public policy.  In a speech to a Wall Street audience, Clinton went to great lengths to shift blame from the big banks, divulging that she allowed her constituents to  literally yell  at her to take out their anger for the financial crisis.  Clinton confessed in the Big Banks that she was  far removed  from the  struggles of the middle class  because of her and Bill s  fortunes.   To the Big Banks, Clinton said that Wall Street insiders are needed to solve the problems on Wall Street.  Clinton bragged that as a Senator she did all she could do to make sure the financial industry  continued to prosper   Clinton confided in the Big Banks that she feels there is a  bias against people who have led successful and/or complicated lives   In front of a Brazilian bank, Clinton cited that her  dream is hemispheric common market with open trade and open borders.   CLINTON TOLD WALL STREET SHE NEEDS THEIR MONEY FOR HER CAMPAIGNS In front of a Canadian audience, Clinton said she hopes the US can model ours after their system. In front of a Big Bank, Clinton bragged about her  great relationship  with the financial sector and about how much  respect  she has for the industry.Read more: DJT",0
12792,HECKLERS YELL: “Bill Clinton’s a rapist!” At Milwaukee Rally [Video], ,0
12793,WIKILEAKS: Clinton Lied For Decades About Why Marines Rejected Her,"For decades Hillary Clinton has claimed that back in the 1970s the U.S. Marines rejected her because she was a woman. But a look at some of the information released by Wikileaks reveals that the Democrat nominee has more recently changed her story and admitted that the Marines did not reject her because of her gender.One of the earliest reports on Hillary s rejection claim came from The New York Times  Maureen Dowd, who in 1994 reported Clinton s claims as delivered at an event meant to honor military women hosted at the Capital in Washington D.C.Dowd reported that Hillary told those gathered that she was rejected by the Marines because she was a woman. Dowd wrote that in 1975, the year she married Bill Clinton and when she was teaching at the University of Arkansas law school in Fayetteville, Hillary said she went to the Marines to see if she could sign up.She was 27 then, she said, and the Marine recruiter was about 21. She was interested in joining either the active forces or the reserves, she recalled, but was swiftly rebuffed by the recruiter, who took a dim view of her age and her thick glasses.  Not Very Encouraging. You re too old, you can t see and you re a woman,  Mrs. Clinton said she was told, adding that the recruiter dismissed her by suggesting she try the Army.  Maybe the dogs would take you,  she recalled the recruiter saying. It was not a very encouraging conversation,  she said.  I decided maybe I ll look for another way to serve my country. Flash forward to one of her speeches in 2013 that Wikileaks just published. somehow, the lie she told so many years ago had morphed into the fact that the Marines wouldn t take her because they felt she was too old:This according to the excerpt from her 2013 appearance:Question from the audience: Is it true that until 1975 you applied for the Marines and they told you no because you were a female?Hillary: No. Here is what did happen: It was actually   there was a recruiting station, and I thought, you know, maybe I should consider serving my country by joining the military. So I walked into the recruiting station, and the person on duty was a Marine. And I think I was 26, maybe 27, so, an older potential recruit. I said to the young Marine, I said,  Well, you know, I d be interested in getting some information to see whether I could maybe serve. I m a lawyer. Maybe I could help in some way.  He says,  Well, I think you are too old for the Marines but maybe the dogs will take you.  I said,  The dogs?  He goes,  Yeah, you know, the Army.  I said,  Well, it doesn t sound like I m going to be welcome so Read more: Breitbart",0
12794,PAUL RYAN HECKLED AT RALLY: “Shame on you!” [Video],"The chants started as Ryan addressed the crowd without mentioning Trump s name.  Trump is a great man,  said Scott Reese, a 40-year-old plumber sporting a red  Make America Great Again  cap.  We all make mistakes   if everybody understands people make mistakes, then this shouldn t have any effect. Shame on Paul Ryan!Crowd turns on Globalist Paul Ryan our House CUCK leader- shouts  SHAME ON YOU!  pic.twitter.com/MjEYnwqi38  Dr. Hart for #TRUMP! (@ofccadjust) October 8, 2016",0
12795,WOW! HILLARY’S UNCENSORED COMMENTS About Monica Lewinsky Revealed By Longtime Hillary Friend [VIDEO],Longtime friend and Clinton advisor Diane Blair released Hillary s uncensored remarks about the 22 year old intern Monica Lewinsky her husband pursued and had sex with in America s Oval Office. Narcissistic Looney Toon  is how Hillary described her. Wow! Way to show your compassion for a young influential girl who was pursued by your husband for the purposes of pleasuring him. What a true champion of women ,0
12796,BEN CARSON Speaks Out On Trump Controversy…Democrats Are Panicking,"Spoken like a true gentleman and warrior in America s fight to defeat the Left The recent disclosure of lewd conversations Donald Trump had over a decade ago has caused some disillusionment among GOP stalwarts and conservative voters. In no way do I condone Trump s behavior   in fact I condemn any form of disrespect towards women.We should always honor and respect the dignity of our mothers, sisters and daughters. Even though the incident happened ten years ago, well before Trump entered the political arena, this behavior is unacceptable, especially by someone who aspires to higher office. Trump did the right thing in immediately and unequivocally apologizing.I feel fairly certain that the progressives have had knowledge of this conversation for a long time and dropped it at this point in time in an effort to obscure the release of damaging information about Hillary Clinton and her desire for open borders. I believe that they have more material that they will release periodically up until the election to keep a negative focus on Donald Trump. They do not want to discuss the vital issues that are destroying our nation and the future of our children, because they do not have logical solutions and offer more of the same that has gotten us into this precarious situation.Those of us who do not want to see America fundamentally devolve into something worse must be wise enough to recognize the scheme that is being played out here. We must demand not only that the issues be discussed but also that we make our decisions based on issues and not on personalities or decade old statements and behavior by Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump.The political elites and their loyal media are desperate because they are seeing the large enthusiastic crowds for Donald Trump and the meager crowds for Hillary Clinton, and they know that there will be a huge enthusiasm gap on election day.The question is: will the political elites of both parties succeed in continuing their reign of fiscal irresponsibility and military weakness or will the people understand what is going on and will they be wise enough to thwart those efforts?  IJReview ",0
12797,"“BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST” MOVEMENT EXPLODES…Watch Awesome Truth-Tellers Hijack Mainstream Media, Leftist Cable Audiences With Brutal Message [VIDEO]","Infowars  Alex Jones is offering a $1,000 reward for anyone who can get on TV with his Bill Clinton  RAPE  t-shirt clearly displayed for viewers to see. If they can display a  Bill Clinton Is A Rapist  T-shirt and clearly proclaim,  Bill Clinton is a racist they will get a $5,000 reward. He plans to spend up to $100,000 to get this important message out to America. Why is it important? It s important because not only is Bill a sexual predator who has no business entering our White House ever again, Hillary has been acting as his enabler, threatening and intimidating victims of Bill s for years The mainstream media has declared war on Donald Trump, while providing cover fro Hillary and her multiple crimes and offenses. We re in a war with a collective media and a radical leftist government. Thank goodness for people like Alex Jones who aren t afraid to get into the trenches and pass along a message that the mainstream media will never expose.",0
12798,FLASHBACK! BILL CLINTON: “I did not have sexual relations with that woman” [VIDEO], ,0
12799,"FLASHBACK! PRESIDENTS BEING “COLORFUL”…Yes, Two Can Play This Game! [Video]", ,0
12800,HILLARY CLINTON RAPE ENABLER: “What kind of monster does this?” [Video], ,0
12801,BOOM! Wikileaks Shows Hillary Speech To Bankers:”I would like to see more successful business people run for office…You can be maybe rented but never bought”,"No wonder she didn t want anyone to see her speeches. She was singing the praises of Trump before she even knew he was going to defeat her in the general election From Wikileaks email dump: SECRETARY CLINTON: That s a really interesting question. You know, I would like to see more successful business people run for office. I really would like to see that because I do think, you know, you don t have to have 30 billion, but you have a certain level of freedom. And there s that memorable phrase from a former member of the Senate: You can be maybe rented but never bought. And I think it s important to have people with those experiences. And especially now, because many of you in this room are on the cutting edge of technology or health care or some other segment of the economy, so you are people who look over the horizon. And coming into public life and bringing that perspective as well as the success and the insulation that success gives you could really help in a lot of our political situations right now.  [Goldman Sachs Builders And Innovators Summit, 10/29/13]",0
12802,BREAKING: DONALD TRUMP Video Statement On Leaked Private Conversation From 10 Years Ago [Video], ,0
12803,BREAKING: Wikileaks Email Release Exposes TWO-FACED HILLARY Admitting She Needs To Have A Private AND Public Position On Policy,"Huh? This could be one of the most damning emails yet, as it reveals the true character of a woman who will say whatever is necessary to get elected Is it any wonder before these leaks even came out, that over 70% of Americans said they don t trust her?BOMBSHELL Hillary Clinton Caught Saying Ther Needs 2B Public Policies(4us idiots) & Private Policies! #PodestaEmails pic.twitter.com/gDfJwBqbdq   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) October 7, 2016",0
12804,BREAKING: Wikileaks Releases HILLARY’S SPEECH TO Brazilian Bankers: “My Dream Is Open Borders”,"Wow! Talk about putting our nation s security at risk A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation  -Ronald ReaganDemocratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton told executives at a Brazilian bank in a private speech that she wants open borders for the United States, according to a new leak by the online hacktivist group Wikileaks. My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders,  Clinton says in an excerpt from a speech to Unibanco Itau, a Brazilian bank.  We have to resists protectionism [and] other kinds of barriers to market access and to trade. The unreleased transcripts of Clinton s paid speeches to financial firms were a major point of contention during the Democratic primary, with Sen. Bernie Sanders repeatedly demanding that Clinton release the transcripts, and Clinton repeatedly refusing to do so.Now, Wikileaks has released what appear to be excerpts from those speeches, and in one of them Clinton has described a vision in which the United States has open borders and total free trade with the rest of North and South America.While campaigning for the presidency, Clinton has opposed the Trans-Pacific Partnership free trade agreement after previously backing it, and critics have accused her of switching sides for political convenience.The excerpts were obtained thanks to an email Clinton research director Tony Carrk sent to several senior Clinton aides, in which he identified  the flags from HRC s paid speeches  that could cause political difficulties  Via:Daily Caller",0
12805,THAT’S ALL SHE’S GOT? 10-Yr Old Audio Of Trump Talking About Women Released…NOTE TO CLINTON CAMPAIGN: We Don’t Care!,"Donald Trump bragged in vulgar terms about kissing, groping and trying to have sex with women during a 2005 conversation caught on a hot microphone, saying that  when you re a star, they let you do it,  according to a video obtained by The Washington Post.The video captures Trump talking with Billy Bush, then of  Access Hollywood,  on a bus with the show s name written across the side. They were arriving on the set of  Days of Our Lives  to tape a segment about Trump s cameo on the soap opera.The tape includes audio of Bush and Trump talking inside the bus, as well as audio and video once they emerge from it to begin shooting the segment.In that audio, Trump discusses a failed attempt to seduce a woman, whose full name is not given in the video. I moved on her, and I failed. I ll admit it,  Trump is heard saying. It was unclear when the events he was describing took place. The tape was recorded several months after he married his third wife, Melania. Whoa,  another voice said. I did try and f  her. She was married,  Trump says.Trump continues:  And I moved on her very heavily. In fact, I took her out furniture shopping. She wanted to get some furniture. I said,  I ll show you where they have some nice furniture. I moved on her like a bitch, but I couldn t get there. And she was married,  Trump says.  Then all of a sudden I see her, she s now got the big phony tits and everything. She s totally changed her look. At that point in the audio, Trump and Bush appear to notice Arianne Zucker, the actress who is waiting to escort them into the soap-opera set. Your girl s hot as s , in the purple,  says Bush, who s now a co-host of NBC s  Today  show. Whoa!  Trump says.  Whoa! I ve got to use some Tic Tacs, just in case I start kissing her,  Trump says.  You know I m automatically attracted to beautiful   I just start kissing them. It s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don t even wait. Read more: WaPo",0
12806,BREAKING: REVEALED! Hillary’s Paid Speeches Published By Wikileaks And It’s NOT Pretty,"Excerpts from Hillary Clinton s closed-door paid speeches, including to financial firms, appeared to be made public for the first time on Friday when WikiLeaks published thousands of hacked emails from her campaign chairman.The speech transcripts, a major subject of contention during the Democratic primary, include quotes from Clinton about her distance from middle-class life ( I m kind of far removed ); her vision of strategic governing ( you need both a public and a private position ); and her views on trade, health care, and Wall Street ( even if it may not be 100 percent true, if the perception is that somehow the game is rigged. ) John Podesta, the Clinton campaign chairman, was the latest victim in a wave of hacks on key figures in Democratic politics and the political establishment in what administration officials say is an effort by Russia to undermine the election. Clinton research director Tony Carrk sent the excerpts in an email to Podesta and other senior aides, sourcing the  the flags from HRC s paid speeches  to the Harry Walker Agency, the firm that represented Clinton and arranged her dozens of public and private paid speech deals after she left the State Department in early 2013.The email is dated Jan. 25, 2016, with the subject line,  HRC Paid Speeches.  Carrk identified and sent the  highlights  in the email, telling Podesta and Clinton s communications director, Jennifer Palmieri, that there were  a lot of policy positions that we should give an extra scrub  with the campaign s policy department.*CLINTON IS AWARE OF SECURITY CONCERNS AROUND BLACKBERRIES**Clinton:  At The State Department We Were Attacked Every Hour, More Than Once An Hour By Incoming Efforts To Penetrate Everything We Had. And That Was True Across The U.S. Government. **CLINTON IS MORE FAVORABLE TO CANADIAN HEALTH CARE AND SINGLE PAYER**Clinton Said Single-Payer Health Care Systems  Can Get Costs Down,  And  Is As Good Or Better On Primary Care,  But  They Do Impose Things Like Waiting Times.  *  If you look at countries that are comparable, like Switzerland or Germany, for example, they have mixed systems. They don t have just a single-payer system, but they have very clear controls over budgeting and accountability. If you look at the single-payer systems, like Scandinavia, Canada, and elsewhere, they can get costs down because, you know, although their care, according to statistics, overall is as good or better on primary care, in particular, they do impose things like waiting times, you know. It takes longer to get like a hip replacement than it might take here.  [Hillary Clinton remarks to ECGR Grand Rapids, 6/17/13]Two campaign spokespeople did not respond to a request for comment early on Friday evening seeking confirmation on the authenticity of the excerpts.During this year s long-fought Democratic primary, Sen. Bernie Sanders repeatedly pressed Clinton to release the transcripts of the speeches, which were delivered to a variety of groups, including major firms like Goldman Sachs and Deutsche Bank. Late last year, Clinton said she would  look into  releasing the transcripts. She never did, arguing that Republicans and others should also release theirs.  Let everybody who s ever given a speech to any private group under any circumstances release them,  she told ABC this February.  We ll all release them at the same time.  Late into the primary, Sanders argued that the American people had a right to know what Clinton told well-heeled audiences on Wall Street about her economic policy.  We all rely on the market s transparency and integrity. So even if it may not be 100 percent true, if the perception is that somehow the game is rigged, that should be a problem for all of us, and we have to be willing to make that absolutely clear,  Clinton said in one apparent excerpt, softening an assertion she has made frequently on the trail, that  the economy is rigged in favor of those at the top.  In the same remarks, attributed to a 2014 speech to Deutsche Bank, Clinton also said that much of financial reform  really has to come from the industry itself.  The flagged excerpts don t provide context for Clinton s remarks, but include several comments in which she appears to express strong pro-trade sentiments.  My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders,  Clinton is quoted as telling a Brazilian bank in 2013.  We have to resist, protectionism, other kinds of barriers to market access and to trade. The apparent speech transcripts have spilled out into the public as young voters and progressives, including those who flocked to Sanders  campaign, still have questions about Clinton and may turn to a third-party candidate in the fall.Read more: Buzzfeed",0
12807,DISASTER CAPITALISTS: How Bill And Hillary’s “Clinton Foundation” Used Relief Donations Like An ATM,"Hillary was Secretary of State an unimaginable earthquake hit Haiti in January 2010. 250,000 people were estimated to have died in the earthquake. Hillary promised Haitians on behalf of the United States that we would offer disaster relief and humanitarian assistance. Meanwhile, as billions of dollars flowed into the coffers of the Clinton Foundation, former President Bill Clinton was appointed Special Envoy to Haiti for the United Nations was also named co-chair of the Interim Haiti Recovery Commission.Here is the horrific story of how the Clinton s  helped  some of the poorest people in the world:",0
12808,TAKE THIS SHORT QUIZ: Which Radical Said It? We Guarantee The Answers Will Surprise You…," Here are six trivia questions to see how much history you really know. The answers are very revealing. If you don t know the answer, make your best guess. Answer all of the questions (no cheating) before looking at the answers.Hint: The answers to these questions aren t all Barack Obama.1)  We re going to take things away from you on behalf of the common good. A. Karl MarxB. Adolph HitlerC. Joseph StalinD. Barack ObamaE. None of the above2)  It s time for a new beginning, for an end to government of the few, by the few, and for the few  And to replace it with shared responsibility, for shared prosperity. A. LeninB. MussoliniC. Joseph StalinD. Barack ObamaE. None of the above3)  (We)  can t just let business as usual go on, and that means something has to be taken away from some people. A. Nikita KhrushevB. Joseph GoebbelsC. Boris YeltsinD. Barack ObamaE. None of the above4)  We have to build a political consensus and that requires people to give up a little bit of their own  in order to create this common ground. A. Mao Tse DungB. Hugo ChavezC. Kim Jong IID. Barack ObamaE. None of the above5)  I certainly think the free-market has failed. A. Karl MarxB. LeninC. MolotovD. Barack ObamaE. None of the above6)  I think it s time to send a clear message to what has become the most profitable sector in (the) entire economy that they are being watched. A. PinochetB. MilosevicC. Saddam HusseinD. Barack ObamaE. None of the above(1) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 6/29/2004(2) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 5/29/2007(3) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 6/4/2007(4) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 6/4/2007(5) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 6/4/2007(6) E. None of the above. Statement was made by Hillary Clinton 9/2/2005",0
12809,THREE SHOCKING REASONS WHY Hillary Clinton Is Considered An Abortion EXTREMIST," EXTREME POSITIONS ON ABORTIONHillary Clinton positioned herself as a moderate on abortion for much of her career, but now holds the most extreme positions on abortion of any presidential candidate ever.Here are three reasons why:1. She wants taxpayers to pay for abortion.Clinton supports government funding for abortion. On June 10, Clinton delivered a speech at a Planned Parenthood event in which she called for repealing the Hyde Amendment, a policy that prevents taxpayer funding for abortion. Let s repeal laws like the Hyde Amendment that make it nearly impossible   for low-income women, disproportionately women of color, to exercise their full reproductive rights,  she said.The Democratic National Committee added this goal to its platform after Clinton became the nominee.An August YouGov poll found that 55 percent of Americans support the Hyde Amendment. This includes a large number of Democrats, who are about evenly divided. Forty-one percent of Democrats support the ban on abortion funding while 44 percent oppose it, which is within the poll s margin of error (4.8 percentage points for the full sample).2. She supports abortion until birth.Clinton supports abortion up until the moment of birth.She doesn t say it exactly like that, of course, because it sounds awful when you say a baby can be legally killed right before she s born. Instead, Clinton uses some shifty Clintonian lingo.Clinton has said she supports restrictions only in the third trimester and only if there are exceptions for the  life and health of the mother.  (In one interview she said there should only be restrictions at the  very end of the third trimester. ) But as Clinton understands, and most voters don t, the  health exception  is just a huge loophole that allows for abortion for any reason.The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in Doe v. Bolton, the companion case to Roe v. Wade, that the health exception can be whatever the abortionist decides it is.An abortionist s  medical judgment may be exercised in the light of all factors   physical, emotional, psychological, familial, and the woman s age   relevant to the well-being of the patient. All these factors may relate to health,  the court decided.So, when Clinton says she ll only support abortion restrictions in the third trimester if there is a health exception, she is effectually saying there should be no restrictions on abortion through the entire pregnancy. She admits this when pressed on the issue.In an April appearance on ABC s  The View,  Clinton was asked if she supports legal abortion  just hours before delivery,  and she agreed. That same week, on NBC s  Meet the Press,  she was asked,  when or if does an unborn child have constitutional rights?  She answered,  the unborn person doesn t have constitutional rights. A July 16 Marist poll found that only 13 percent of Americans think abortion should be legal  through the entire pregnancy.  Similarly, a 2012 Gallup poll found only 14 percent of Americans believe abortion should be legal  in the last three months of pregnancy,  and a July 2014 HuffPost/YouGov poll found that 59 percent of Americans support a ban on abortions after 20-weeks of gestation, which is during the second trimester. 3. She thinks abortion should be common, not rare.Clinton no longer argues that abortion should be rare.During his 1992 presidential campaign, Clinton s husband, Bill, said that abortion should be  safe, legal and rare.  It was controversial at the time within the pro-choice community because saying that abortion should be  rare  implies that there is something wrong with getting an abortion. (What could that be?) But the phrase helped establish Bill Clinton s public image as a moderate on abortion.Read more: Christian Post",0
12810,DEPLORABLE! CROOKED CLINTON’S Ask For Donations To Help Haiti Following Hurricane Matthew…After Using 2010 Earthquake Donations To Rob Them Blind [VIDEO],"Despite the media s best attempts to keep the truth hidden from the public, poor Haitian activists and a few honest journalists have managed to expose the truth about how the Clinton s and their  foundation  raped the poor island of Haiti. The Clinton s took billions from people around the world who trusted them to help the poorest of the poor, following a devastating hurricane in 2010. Here is what Haitians have to say about the  help  they got from the Clinton Foundation:Thanks to the media, who has largely hidden this story, Bill Clinton is able to once again make a shameless pitch the world, asking them to donate to the Clinton Foundation, so they can help the Haitians. There has never been a more shameless and selfish couple in public office in America. Here s Bill s pitch:In the wake of the devastating destruction to Haiti caused by Hurricane Matthew, President Bill Clinton took to Twitter and urged his six million-plus followers to go to the embattled Clinton Foundation to assist in relief efforts.Praying for everyone impacted by #HurricaneMatthew. Here's how you can help in Haiti: https://t.co/OX77AS2bT6  Bill Clinton (@billclinton) October 4, 2016 Praying for everyone impacted by #HurricaneMatthew. Here s how you can help in Haiti,  Clinton said his tweet, which linked to a Medium article, entitled,  Members of the Clinton Foundation Community Respond to Hurricane Matthew; Ways to Support. The last time tragedy struct the tiny Caribbean country, Bill and then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton   according to scores of enraged Haitians   used their billion dollar charity and leveraged their global connections to enrich themselves and their monied cronies.Following the devastating earthquake in Haiti in 2010   while 316,000 lifeless bodies lay buried under rubble, and while 300,000 Haitians suffered from injuries, with another 1.3 million displaced   the Clintons saw an opportunity to cash in.Watch here to see how the Clinton Foundation ripped off Haiti:https://youtu.be/nlS4SimQfv8Hillary Clinton s brother, Tony Rodham, landed a lucrative and historically rare Haitian  gold exploitation permit,  while Clinton Foundation donors, including Digicel mobile phone company founder Denis O Brien, were winning multi-million dollar contracts that would siphon massive profits from the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere.While then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s State Department was funneling billions in relief funds to rebuild Haiti, the Clinton Foundation was leveraging its influence to guide high-dollar contracts to longtime Clinton cronies who would go on to reap millions off the catastrophe that had claimed so many lives on the devastated island. I deal through the Clinton Foundation,  Tony Rodham said according to a transcript of his testimony during court proceedings, obtained by The New York Times.  That gets me in touch with the Haitian officials. I hound my brother-in-law [Bill Clinton], because it s his fund that we re going to get our money from. And he can t do it until the Haitian government does it. The anger at the Clintons from the Haitian people is no secret.Indeed, dozens of Haitian protesters gathered outside the Democrat National Convention in July and railed against the Clintons and the Clinton Foundation for their long-reported history of using their global connections to exploit the resources and the poor people of Haiti. The main message is that Hillary Clinton belongs in jail,  one protester said at the time when asked what the overall message of the protest was.  We believe that the world should know about the crimes the Clinton family has committed against the country of Haiti the money they have stolen from the earthquake victims. And we believe that were this to be anyone else, they d be in jail right now. She s not in jail because she s being protected by the Obama administration, the Justice Department, State Department,  the protester said. Via: Breitbart ",0
12811,COMEDY GOLD: Hillary Claims Trump “Unfit” To Handle Hurricane Caused By “Climate Change” [Video],"Watch as she s speaking to a crowd in Tampa, Florida in September and makes this hilarious and outrageous claim: When it comes to protecting our country against natural disasters and the threat of climate change, once again, Donald Trump is totally unfit and unqualified . -HRCHILLARY CLINTON:  Another threat to our country is climate change. 2015 was the hottest year on record and the science is clear: it s real, it s wreaking havoc on communities across America. Last week s hurricane was another reminder of the devastation that extreme weather can cause and I send my thoughts and prayers to everyone affected by Hermine. But, this is not the last one that s going to hit Florida given what s happening in the climate. [ ] If it affects people who lose their homes or their businesses that took a lifetime to build, it doesn t matter to him. When it comes to protecting our country against natural disasters and the threat of climate change, once again, Donald Trump is totally unfit and unqualified to be our President.  TOTALLY READING AND TOTALLY PHONY: Read more: Climate Depot",0
12812,MISSING: TWO FILE ‘BOXES’ OF CLINTON E-MAILS…Evidence Tampering?,"FBI files reveal missing email  boxes  in Clinton case, allegations of evidence tamperingBuried in the 189 pages of heavily redacted FBI witness interviews from the Hillary Clinton email investigation are details of yet another mystery   about two missing  bankers boxes  filled with the former secretary of state s emails.The interviews released earlier this month, known as 302s, also reveal the serious allegation that senior State Department official Patrick Kennedy applied pressure to subordinates to change the classified email codes so they would be shielded from Congress and the public.The details about the boxes are contained in five pages of the FBI file   with a staggering 111 redactions   that summarize the statements of a State Department witness who worked in the  Office of Information Programs and Services (IPS).  The employee told the FBI that,  Initially, IPS officials were told there were 14 bankers boxes of former Secretary of State Hillary CLINTON s emails at CLINTON s Friendship Heights office.  Friendship Heights is a neighborhood that straddles the Northwest neighborhood of the District of Columbia and Maryland.The State Department witness further explained to the FBI that  on or about December 5, 2014, IPS personnel picked up only 12 bankers boxes of CLINTON s emails from Williams & Connolly. The officials were not sure if the boxes  were consolidated or what could have happened to the two other boxes.  Clinton s chief lawyer at Williams & Connolly, who leads all Clinton-related legal matters, is David Kendall. He has successfully represented Bill and Hillary Clinton together and separately throughout decades of their legal entanglements since the 1980 s, ranging from the former president s sex scandals to missing billing records for Hillary Clinton s work as a partner in The Rose Law Firm on behalf of the failed Madison Guaranty Savings and Loan and Capital Management Services.In the documents provided by Kendall s law firm, the witness told the FBI they were  unable to locate any of her emails from January-April 2009.  This timeframe is crucial as it covers the start of Clinton s term as secretary of state and when she set up a private server for all government business, in turn skirting public records laws.Read more: FOX News",0
12813,U Of WI STUDENTS SELL Hateful Hoodies: “All White People Are Racists”…Message Promoting Violence Against Cops,"University of Wisconsin Madison, where NOT to send your kids to school The sale of hateful racist sweatshirts or hoodies on campus is really not surprising considering the University of WI Madison has been a hotbed for radical students and faculty for quite some time now. We shared a story about a U of WI Madison student who was given cover by his professor when the police came to talk to him during class after he was caught on camera spray painting racist graffiti all over school property.  Students at the University of Wisconsin-Madison are asking people to buy sweatshirts promoting violence against police officers and classifying all white people as racists. Racism,  claims one hoodie s page,  is a set of systematic, institutional, cultural, and epistemological (although not limited to said forms) structures that inherently empowers white folk and in turn disempowers people of color. This power dictates who lives, have housing, access to education/healthcare etc. Racism has little to do with hatred and mostly to do with who has power. White folk or those who see themselves as white are given said power inherently regardless of socioeconomic class, education etc. This is why white men created race in the first place to maintain power. Racism gave birth to the idea of race. This is a [sic] oversimplified definition,  the description continues.Facebook has already removed an original picture of the sweatshirt for not following Facebook s Community Standards. However, as of this writing, Facebook has yet to remove the post selling the sweatshirts.One of the sweatshirt says  If I Encounter Another Cop With A God Complex I m Going To Have To Show The World That They Are Human , seemingly promoting violence towards police.Via: Campus Reform",0
12814,OUCH! POST DEBATE: HILLARY GIVES Tim Kaine A Painful Preview Of What It Feels Like When You Disappoint Her,"Things didn t work out very well for Vince Foster when he disappointed Crooked Hillary. Does Tim Kaine know what he s getting himself into? Maybe he should have a little sit down with Bill before this thing goes too far. I mean, we re talking about a guy who refuses, when asked to identify as a male It took a while, but Democratic presidential nominee finally called running mate Tim Kaine   more than 12 hours after the end of the first vice presidential debate.Clinton and Kaine spoke on the phone at 11:45 Wednesday morning, more than 12 hours and a full news cycle at the end of the contentious TV smackdown that Kaine had spent days preparing for.Clinton also emailed Kaine about the performance, but it isn t clear whether she reached out to her running mate Tuesday night, while the debate was the talk of commentators and the political class.In case you missed it, here s a little clip of Kaine s horrible performance. He certainly didn t do Queen Hillary any favors that night:https://youtu.be/obsWi2ruyL0Clinton got asked how Kaine did as she boarded a plane en route to fundraisers in D.C. Wednesday. She flashed two thumbs up but didn t say anything. Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill, asked whey the two didn t connect sooner on what was most likely Kaine s most consequential night of the campaign, responded:  They emailed a bit and connected this morning. Clinton didn t speak publicly about Kaine s performance until after 6:00 pm on Wednesday, when she praised him. Did anybody see Tim Kaine in the debate last night?  Clinton asked at a Women for Hillary event at a Washington hotel, prompting the crowd to cheer. I though Tim did a great job and every time he tried to push Mike Pence to defend what Donald Trump has said and done, Pence just bobbed and weaved and tried to get out of the way because after all, trying to defend Donald Trump is an impossible task,  she said.   Daily Mail ",0
12815,HILLARY’S “WORKING CLASS” Upbringing Isn’t So Working Class…Another Lie From Lyin’ Hillary!,"Within Hillary Clinton s stump speeches, she describes a  working class  upbringing where her dad toiled away making draperies You d think it was a true working class environment for little Hillary Rodham but it wasn t. Her upbringing was actually more upper middle class than  working class . This is really what we ve come to expect from Hillary Clinton. Many of her other  recollections  have been proven false. In fact, it s been so many that we can t begin to name them all! This makes you wonder if she even realizes that people in this day and age can fact check pretty easily. Check out the video at the bottom of this article where she describes her struggles In speeches on the campaign trail, Hillary Clinton has portrayed her upbringing as  working class.  She talks about how her father eked out a living making drapery to support his family. A nice story, but a check of the facts proves otherwise. Hillary Clinton s childhood home is proof she is misleading her supporters about her beginnings. In truth, her family was upper-middle class (at worst), and their wealth gave Hillary a good life, and an opportunity to attend Yale University.Located at 235 N. Wisner St. in the affluent Chicago suburb of Park Ridge, the Clinton childhood home is a beautiful two-story house that her father paid for in full, in cash. He was the owner of a successful drapery business and did quite well.Clinton was able to attend Wellesley College, a private women s college in Massachusetts. She then went on to Yale, which, of course, all kids from working class families do. It was at Yale that Hillary met Bill Clinton. Hillary was raised a conservative Republican, but was radicalized in college and became a Democrat.It should be noted that a childhood friend that went to high school with Clinton recalls that she ran for Student Council President once. She wanted to be the first female Student Council President in her school s history She lost.LISTEN TO HILLARY TELL OF HER  STRUGGLES : Via: Silence is Consent",0
12816,SEAN HANNITY TAKES OFF THE GLOVES After “Hillary Supporter” Megyn Kelly Makes On-Air Crack About Him [VIDEO],"Sean Hannity is taking a page from Trump s playbook. When a member of the mainstream media or a person pretending to be a conservative commentator intentionally misrepresents you you strike back.That s exactly what Hannity did.@megynkelly u should be mad at @HillaryClinton Clearly you support her. And @realDonaldTrump did talk to u. https://t.co/vsQiNMgHut  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) October 6, 2016Maybe Megyn forgot about this EXCLUSIVE interview with Donald Trump:https://youtu.be/UGPvwdrlzCMFrom USA Today: This election has sparked some heated exchanges between family, friends and co-workers   and now between Fox News hosts.Conservative pundit Sean Hannity leveled what he might consider the worst insult imaginable at anchor Megyn Kelly in a tweet Wednesday night, which said she  clearly  supports Hillary Clinton.The tweet was apparently in response to Kelly comments earlier in the evening on The Kelly File when she accused both presidential candidates of avoiding tough interviews. They re both in their own version of a presidential protection program,  Kelly said. She said Clinton makes sure  she is not in a place where she feels uncomfortable or anything unexpected could come at her, which is why she sat for a half an hour with Mary J. Blige, the singer, which is why she did Entertainment Tonight this evening. But, Kelly didn t stop there.  And Donald Trump, with all due respect to my friend at 10 o clock, will go on Hannity, and pretty much only Hannity, and will not venture out to the unsafe spaces these days, which doesn t exactly extend the tent. Trump has made several appearances on Hannity s show and the Fox News personality has been a vocal supporter of Trump.h/t GP",0
12817,NO JOKE! THE LYIN’ HILLARY DOLL IS HERE!…18 Lies Included! [Video],HERE S SOMEONE GOING THROUGH ALL 18 LIES WOW! ,0
12818,IRANIAN SCIENTIST HANGED For “Revealing [Nuclear Weapons] Secrets To The Enemy” After Hillary Revealed Top Secret Intel About Him Through Unsecured Email,"Reckless Hillary couldn t have cared less about the seriousness of exposing America s top-secret intel to the world by using an unsecured email server. Why would any American want to put her in charge of our troops? Why would any voter trust her with our national security. The job of Commander In Chief is too important to leave to a self-serving grifter simply because she is equipped with female genitalia. Just ask the family of Shahram Amiri a friend of the US who paid the ultimate price for providing America with Iran s nuclear weapons secrets while Hillary was our crooked Secretary of State Hillary Clinton used her private email server to discuss details of the Iranian nuclear scientist who was executed for giving information to the CIA.Shahram Amiri, who was hanged for  revealing secrets to the enemy , was in the US and allegedly informing on Tehran s extensive nuclear program during the Democrat s controversial reign as Secretary of State.At the time she stressed researcher had been there of his  own free will  and was described as  our friend  in correspondences. But he maintained he had been kidnapped by intelligence agents. Emails sent by Clinton s advisers point to the scandal involving Amiri   suggesting it was a  diplomatic, psychological issue , but not a  legal one .One aide also warned he would lead to  problematic news stories Richard Morningstar, a former State Department special envoy for Eurasian energy wrote to Clinton:  We should recognize his concerns and frame it in terms of a misunderstanding with no malevolent intent and that we will make sure there is no recurrence. Our friend has to be given a way out. Our person won t be able to do anything anyway. If he has to leave so be it.  Senior adviser Jake Sullivan sent another email about Amiri on July 12, 2010.It appears he is referring to the scientist just hours before he showed up at the Iranian interests section of the Pakistani Embassy in Washington D.C., demanding he be sent home.He said:  The gentleman  has apparently gone to his country s interests section because he is unhappy with how much time it has taken to facilitate his departure. This could lead to problematic news stories in the next 24 hours. Amiri went missing in 2009 after leaving for a pilgrimage to Mecca, but appeared in a video   apparently recorded in the U.S.   in which he claimed to have been put under pressure to  reveal sensitive information  to the intelligence agency.In interviews he has claimed he was drugged, put on a plane, and then kept under  psychological pressure  at an undisclosed location in the U.S.There he was asked to hand over classified documents, but he claims he never did as he didn t want to betray his country.He then walked into the Iranian interests section at the Pakistani Embassy in Washington and demanded to be sent home.He came back to a hero s welcome and insisted he was a  simple researcher .Amiri worked for a university affiliated with Tehran s extensive nuclear program.He is said to have had an in-depth knowledge of Iran s nuclear program and was kept at a secret location after returning to the country.According to CBS, he told officials in interviews he was being held against his will by Saudi and U.S. spies.But American officials said he was set to receive millions for informing.Amiri s mother told the BBC that his body had been sent to her with rope marks around his neck.On Sunday, an Iranian judicial spokesman confirmed the execution had taken place.Iran confirms execution of Iranian nuclear scientistHe told the Mizan Online news site:  Shahram Amiri was hanged for revealing the country s top secrets to the enemy (US).  In another recording filmed when he was missing, the scientist suggested he had fled from the USA, where he had been held against his will.But US officials said they paid Amiri some $5 million to defect and provide  significant  information about Iran s atomic program. Amiri later fled the U.S. without the money.Iranian officials previously touted Amiri s claim he had been abducted by U.S. agents while on a pilgrimage to holy sites in Saudi Arabia.They welcomed him home in 2010 as a hero.But his family confirmed to the BBC he had been given a lengthy jail sentence after returning to the Middle East.The State Department declined to comment on Amiri s execution.Via: Daily Mail",0
12819,WILL HILLARY ATTEND? ‘CLOWN LIVES MATTER’ Rally To Be Held On Oct. 15th [Video],"Twitter users wrote:  Clown Lives Matter is just an example of how people continue to make a mockery of Black Lives Matter. It s not funny & I m not here for it.  Jacqueline Daniels  tweeted:  This clown lives matter bull**** anything to diminish black anguish. Anything to silence our voices. Anything to mock our reality. ABC: TUCSON (KGUN9-TV)   Organizers are planning a  Clown Lives Matter  march for October 15 in Tucson in reaction to the recent spate of frightening incidents   both real and imagined   spread in the news and on social media.The march will be at 6:30 p.m. Oct. 15 on 4th Avenue in Tucson. Attendees are invited to show up wearing full clown makeup or masks.According to a flyer advertising the event,  this is a peaceful way to show clowns are not psycho killers. We want the public to feel safe, and not be afraid. So come out, bring the family, meet a clown and get a hug!  Via: ABC15Read more: Daily Mail",0
12820,HILLARY CLINTON CRONYISM VIOLATES FEDERAL RULES: Chelsea’s “Best Friend” Given Millions In Contracts With The Feds…A New Low!,"Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton sought to arrange Pentagon and State Department consulting contracts for her daughter s friend, prompting concerns of federal ethics rules violations.Clinton in 2009 arranged meetings between Jacqueline Newmyer Deal, a friend of Chelsea Clinton and head of the defense consulting group Long Term Strategy Group, with Pentagon officials that involved contracting discussions, according to emails from Clinton s private server made public recently by the State Department. Clinton also tried to help Deal win a contract for consulting work with the State Department s director of policy planning, according to the emails.Deal is a close friend of Chelsea Clinton, who is vice chair of the Clinton Foundation. Emails between the two were included among the thousands recovered from a private email server used by the secretary of state between 2009 and 2013. Chelsea Clinton has described Deal as her best friend. Both Clintons attended Deal s 2011 wedding.Here s a little blurb from the fashion rag WWD on an event the two attended together: This story first appeared in the October 20, 2011 issue of WWD. Wearing a short-skirted black Chanel dress, Clinton began by crediting her longtime friend Jacqueline Newmyer.  Jackie invited me to see  Romeo and Juliet,  she said, remembering back to 1995.  The next time, I got my parents to come. And I have been coming here ever since.  That historic family night out occurred three years later. She and her parents arrived at the theater two days after Christmas 1998 and a week after the House of Representatives voted to impeach her father. The show they saw? None other than  Twelfth Night,  a tale of magical transformation. Talk about Freudian.Later, at the after party, Clinton elaborated on the nearly 20-year friendship with Newmyer, putting to lie the old Harry Truman quip  If you want a friend in Washington, get a dog.   Jackie and I are still best friends,  said Clinton, who met Newmyer her first year in Washington at the Sidwell Friends School.  She was in my wedding, and I was in hers.  Clinton, 31, continues to work on snagging her Oxford Ph.D. while working at New York University and with the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Global Initiative. Newmyer, 32, is the president of the Long Term Strategy Group, a military research firm in Cambridge, Mass.Government cronyism, or the use of senior positions to help family friends, is not illegal. However, the practice appears to violate federal ethics rules that prohibit partiality, or creating the appearance of conflicts of interest.Specifically, the Code of Federal Ethics states that government employees  shall act impartially and not give preferential treatment to any private organization or individual.  Pentagon ethics guidelines also call for avoiding actions that would create even the appearance of improper behavior or conflicts of interest.The Clinton email exchanges with Deal between 2009 and 2011 were among tens of thousands of private emails made public by the State Department under pressure from Congress and the public interest law firm Judicial Watch.Read more: WFB",0
12821,UNREAL! OBAMACARE CREATOR Blames Republicans For Mess He Created! [Video],"Obamacare architect blames Republicans for rising premiums pic.twitter.com/sFlKgPlvzz  FOX & Friends (@foxandfriends) October 6, 2016",0
12822,SARAH JESSICA PARKER FEARS She’ll Be Attacked And Killed If Trump Is Elected…HAS SHE Not Seen Multiple TRUMP Supporters Who’ve Been Bloodied By Hillary’s Lib Mobs?,"With absolutely NOTHING to back it up, Sarah Jessica Parker tells reporters that she fears for her life, and for the life of her husband NY liberal actor, Matthew Broderick if Trump is elected. I know Hollywood and NY liberal actors live an insulated life, safe from the security or financial concerns everyday Americans face, but seriously? Does she not have a TV? Does she not have access to Youtube or the internet?How is it possible that she s missed the vicious attacks launched at Trump supporters by Black Lives Matter terrorists, anarchists and leftists of every size, shape and color against innocent Trump supporters?Just the other day, we reported about a young man who attended a Black Lives Matter rally in CA and was beaten by a mob of around 300 people for simply wearing a Trump hat. Did she somehow miss the rioting and attacks on senior citizens, or the woman who was trapped by mobs of anti-Trump attackers who proceeded to throw eggs and various items at her head and body?Donald Trump might have made two guest appearances in HBO s iconic comedy Sex and the City, but the show s star, Sarah Jessica Parker, has speculated his political ascendancy is putting her life in danger.Throwback to when Trump was on Sex and the City. pic.twitter.com/d72FFLvx8w  Billo Rani (@prabhjotkp) September 27, 2016Parker, a high-profile Hollywood liberal who has hosted fundraisers for President Obama, says the political climate generated by Donald Trump has left her fearing she, actor husband Matthew Broderick, and their friends will end up getting hit or worse.SJP, whose new HBO show Divorce begins this Sunday, told Time Out New York:  The thing I keep saying is that even if   please, God   Trump is not elected, I m afraid there is now a climate that has said in silence that it is okay to hurt anybody you not-so-secretly disagree with.   Whether it s how they look or the lifestyle you think they re leading or the color of their skin, or they ve come here to, you know, take advantage of this country. I m terrified. She adds of the unnamed Trump-inspired posse of haters:  I said to [Matthew Broderick], I feel like someone is just going to hit us. They re just going to reach out and smack us or beat the shit of us or, I don t know, shoot us, shoot my friends. I m not being dramatic when I think of this. I m shocked. SJP is so shocked that she winds up issuing a rallying cry for Trump:  I will fight to the very end for you to go and vote for Mr. Trump. Go do it. But you don t have to hurt me to do it. And you don t have to hate me to do it. I don t hate you; I wish I understood you. Via: Heat StreetAre these Hollywood and NY liberals so self-absorbed that they don t see what is REALLY happening in America who is REALLY being attacked for their political views? News flash SJ Parker it s not the Left who s being attacked. How about you just go back to your little safe-space, and we ll call you when it s all over. If America votes for freedom, Trump fans will rejoice. We won t burn any cop cars, we won t loot any stores, we ll likely just say a prayer of thanks and count our blessings that the reign of tyranny is over in America. If America votes for the most crooked President in our history, we will likely feel crushed, but we won t come looking for Sarah Jessica Parker and her whiny husband. We won t be looking for innocent people to harm or buildings to burn. You see, that s not how conservatives do it. So you can rest easy Sarah, knowing that whatever the result, there isn t a single conservative in America who will give you any more thought than we do today. To tell you the truth, I can t remember the last time I even heard your name. Rest easy ",0
12823,HEY #NFL…CAN YOU HEAR US NOW? Monday Night Football’s Ratings Plummet,"The #NFL has become a showcase for an anti-law enforcement movement inspired by Barack Obama, Eric Holder, Al Sharpton and now, Black Lives Matter activist Colin Kaepernick and fellow NFL players First it was Beyonce s Black Panther, anti-cop performance during the 2016 Super Bowl. The NFL was silent.Next, Cleveland Browns player Isaiah Crowell took to Instagram to post an ISIS like photo of a man wearing a black ski mask while slitting the neck of a cop. The NFL was silent.The Dallas Cowboys wanted to wear a decal to show their support for the 5 cops slain by a Black Lives Matter supporter in their home town during a pre-game. The NFL said,  no. Colin Kaepernick, Quarterback for the San Francisco 49er s thought it would be a great way to show his disdain for our law enforcement if he sat during our national anthem. The NFL was silent.Apparently disrespecting our flag was totally okay with the NFL.Months later, more and more NFL players joined Kaepernick and his anti-American antics. It wasn t long before high school and college players, who were inspired by the attention Colin Kaepernick received for his anti-American act, decided to follow suit. Some knelt during the national anthem and performed a  die in  for a more dramatic effect. All were disrespecting our flag.The NFL was SILENT.The time has come for America to show the NFL how we feel about their silence. America s biggest football fans are turning off the TV in a silent protest that is sure to get the attention of an organization that cannot survive without fan support.So far, America s protest against the NFL seems to be working:It seems likely that the numerous #BoycottNFL online campaigns and fan outrage aimed at the National Anthem protests in the NFL have taken a toll in terms of viewership this season. Additionally, cord-cutting continues to eat into traditional TV s ratings at an alarming rate. But could there be something else at play?We re barely a year removed from the NFL setting all-time records in viewership, yet now the league is on pace for its lowest ratings in years. That s a sharp and unexpectedly sudden turn.Given the politicized controversies and the variety of streaming options this year, have we reached a cumulative point of football fatigue? The numbers suggest so.Last night s Monday Night Football matchup between the Minnesota Vikings and New York Giants drew a 9.1 overnight rating, an 8% drop from last year s comparable Week 4 game between the Detroit Lions and Seattle Seahawks. The New England Patriots and Kansas City Chiefs game in 2014 earned a 9.6 rating.  Via: Forbes",0
12824,"BREAKING! MASSIVE VOTER FRAUD INVESTIGATION…Spokesperson For Voter Registration Project: Police Raid “Will Have Prevented 45,000 African Americans From Voting” [VIDEO]","LOL! This group gets raided for suspicion of massive voter fraud, and their defense is that the Republican Secretary of State and (of course) the police, are responsible for preventing 45,000 African Americans from voting? And you know what s even scarier? Indiana s not even a state that should be in play for the Democrats. Just imagine how they ve been organizing in the swing states where the vote is expected to be close. Pretty scary stuff Indiana police raided the offices of the Indiana Voter Registration Project in north Indianapolis on Tuesday in a growing voter fraud case.It is not clear who established or funded the Indiana Voter Registration Project. However, the group released a statement through spokeswoman Christy Setzer, whose PR firm s website says she has worked as a Democratic strategist for the presidential campaigns of Al Gore, Howard Dean and Chris Dodd. Indiana State Police investigators on Tuesday searched a voter registration agency on Indianapolis  north side as they look into a voter fraud case that spans nine counties.The investigation began in late August when police learned of the filing of fraudulent voter registration forms in Marion and Hendricks counties.The investigation has expanded from Marion and Hendricks counties to include Allen, Delaware, Hamilton, Hancock, Johnson, Lake and Madison counties, according to a statement from State Police.Police said the growing number of involved counties leads investigators to believe that the number of fraudulent records might be in the hundreds. An investigation of this nature is complex, time consuming and is expected to continue for several more weeks or months,  said a State Police statement.  Victims of the activities by some agents of the Indiana Voter Registration Project may not discover they have been disenfranchised from voting until they go to vote and realize their voting information has been altered. Such action may result in the citizen having to cast a provisional ballot. Officials said a representative sample of voter registration applications received by county voter registration offices and suspected of being fraudulent have been copied and provided to investigators. The original applications are maintained by the appropriate voter registration office.The possible fraudulent information is a combination of fake names, addresses and dates of birth with real information. USA Today Via: Gateway Pundit",0
12825,FUNNY! MSNBC ANCHOR ASKS Millennial Women If They Feel “Connected” To Hillary [VIDEO], ,0
12826,BREAKING: HILLARY CAUGHT Using Teen Actor Whose Father Is A Rabid Hillary Supporter To Trash Trump During PA Townhall [VIDEO],"Our first female candidate for President is so crooked and dirty that she actually used a teenage girl actress to stage a question designed to trash Trump at her Haverford, PA Townhall. What kind of woman would be okay with a young girl lying in front of an entire crowd of people for the sole purpose of making herself look good? Guess what Hillary? Asking young teenage girls to lie for you doesn t look so good Brennan s father is Daylin Leach a left-wing member of the PA House, who happened to mention how offended he was by Trump s alleged  fat pig  comment in his Facebook post below.The Youtube Spanglevision owner did amazing investigative work to prove his case. From his Youtube video: Hillary has no shame; she used a 15 year old child actor (Brennan Leach) to further her anti-Trump narrative. What kind of role model is Hillary for women teaching teenage girls that cheating is an acceptable form of winning?Here is Brenna s father, Daylin Leach discussing his support for Hillary Clinton on his Facebook page, as well as his disdain for Donald Trump. Hmmmm .I wonder who helped her to format that question?Here is the text from his Facebook post. The original post can be found below:BERNIE vs. HILLARY manifestoI have tried to largely avoid posting on Bernie vs. Hillary. Donald Trump provides me with more than enough material to keep me busy. But I feel the need say a few things First, full disclosure, I am a Hillary delegate. I like Hillary. I agree with Bernie more on a couple of issues, but generally speaking, they are both progressive enough. And I don t always support the most progressive candidate for President. I support the most progressive candidate WHO CAN WIN. I didn t support Jesse Jackson, Dennis Kucinich, Ralph Nader, Al Sharpton, etc., because they were all unelectable. I ve always found Bernie unelectable. Current polls are meaningless. Nobody has ever run a negative ad against Bernie. Once the Republicans spend a billion dollars, he will look like the love child of Che Guevara and Julius Rosenberg. But hey, you may disagree with me. Fine. My point is not to convince anyone to vote for Hillary in the primary. The fall however is a different story. I have seen too many liberals say that Hillary is imperfect, and she is not progressive enough on some issue or other, or she takes corporate money (like Obama, Kerry, Gore, etc. did) or that they don t like her, and thus they are not voting for her. They will write in Bernie, or vote for the Tofu Party, or whatever. I feel compelled to say that for a progressive, that is simply immoral and insane. Clinton s rating from progressive organizations while in the senate was virtually identical to Sanders. She may not call for raising the minimum wage to $15 (which is my bill in PA) but to $12. She may want to expand Obamacare rather than establish single payer. But these are all steps in a progressive direction. But even more importantly, Clinton is not running against Franklin Roosevelt in the fall. She is running against an outright racist, xenophobic authoritarian, who promises to bring back torture, feels workers  make too much  is anti-choice, calls women  fat pigs  promises to  bomb the shit out of  whole bunches of people and ban entire religions from our nation. Wait, I m not done. He will appoint an extreme right-wing Supreme Court that will persist for decades. He is anti-union, wants to eliminate  the Department of Environmental  thinks climate change is a  hoax invented by China . He is a birther and a conspiracy theorist generally. He knows nothing about any issue other than he will solve it with something  beautiful, huge and tremendous which everyone will love, believe me . He tells people at his rallies to  beat the crap out of  protesters, and he wants to curtail freedom of the press so he can sue reporters who write bad stories about him. So when someone says they  won t vote for the lesser of two evils , that is just lazy and sloppy thinking. There is no parity of evil. There is impure and maybe off-putting versus true, crypto fascist evil. It s like if someone threatened to cut off your toe or your entire leg. Would you say  I m not going to choose, because I don t like either option ? The thing is, this isn t some academic exercise where we can be self-righteously pure. This will affect people s lives directly. So again, it is simply immoral and insane for progressives to pretend that who wins in November doesn t matter. Think of it this way. Lets say on a scale of 1-100 measuring how progressive a candidate is, Bernie is a 90. And lets say Hillary is only a 70 (not fair, but lets just say). Trump is about a 2. So if you are really progressive. You vote for 70 over 2. You don t sit it out because you can t have 90. This why its not only important to work for Hillary in the fall, but maybe to stop attacking her once she has mathematically clinched the nomination. Because, in the end, it really, really matters.",0
12827,BILL CLINTON CAUGHT GROPING Flight Attendant On Plane Until He Realized Camera Was Recording Him [VIDEO],"Here s a video posted on The Donald Reddit earlier on Tuesday of Bill Clinton putting his hand in between the legs of a flight attendant or campaign assistant. The woman then removes Bill s hand.We re not sure exactly when this video of Bill Clinton (likely early 90 s) being caught groping this flight attendant took place, but one thing is clear she didn t want him sticking his hands between her legs. Watch as she pushes him away:Uncovered ABC footage shows Bill Clinton groping an assistant before realizing the camera is on.#RapistBillClinton#HillaryTheEnabler pic.twitter.com/CKLCdPmg5P  Patriots LOVE Trump! (@HilLIARy_Lies) October 2, 2016",0
12828,AN ARROGANT Obama Admits He’s Learned Nothing As President,"A legacy of hate and division from an unapologetic and arrogant President who promised to  transform  the United States of America. And so it goes, America s  first black President  has successfully divided our nation, pitting American against American, while elevating those who break the law over those who risk their lives to protect our neighborhoods and communities. He has offered cover for those who illegally entered our country, while ignoring the danger he poses to our national security by allowing unvetted immigrants into our country from nations who hate us. Yet unbelievably, while America burns, the Left is arguing we need to elect our  first female President  to carry out his dangerous and destructive legacy. Sorry, but we ll pass News flash: President Obama didn t learn anything in eight years in the White House. And he s proud of it.Sadly, this is the only promise Obama kept to the American voters:As Obama admitted in an interview with New York magazine:  If you go back and you read speeches I made when I was running for the US Senate in 2003, or if you go back further and you look at statements I made when I was on the Harvard Law Review, my worldview is pretty consistent. The comment was a point of pride, which makes it doubly tragic. Once the smartest man in the room, always the smartest man in the room.Never mind that the world is on fire, that America is polarized, angry and scared. Or that ObamaCare is a sick patient, that the economy is growing at a snail s pace and that many cities are racial war zones.It s not Obama s fault. None of it. He would do it all again.With voters fixated on his successor, Obama is fixated on his legacy. A large part of his effort on the way out the door is explaining what he did, and insisting that what he did was right. Always.There s no news there, but there is some valuable insight from the ways he defends the indefensible. Let it be a warning to Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton about the pitfalls of the power they are seeking.If nothing else, the winner should take the oath of office next January armed with the knowledge that hubris is the common thread in Obama s many failures.For example, the president says his secret sauce was that he  trusted my judgment  but didn t  trust the noise out there,  meaning Republicans, talk radio, cable TV and pretty much everybody else who didn t agree with him.At some point, he said, he concluded his critics were  not even trying to be fair-minded in their assessments or recommendations,  and he found that liberating because he could ignore them.Whether it was enforcing his red line in Syria, which he didn t, or substituting executive orders for congressional action, he expressed no regret. He was right and everybody else was wrong.It s a remarkable notion, yet plainly a trend when government is the largest special interest, one that uses and abuses its power to look out for itself. Especially under liberals, it only admits failure to demand more power.This is no small feat. Consider that way back in the reign of George W. Bush, it was universally accepted that a president ought to be held accountable for national problems. A war that didn t work out as planned, a natural disaster or an economic one all fell on the head of the occupant of the Oval Office.But Obama and his apologists cleverly reversed the dynamic. Now the American public is to blame when things go wrong.It s because people are  deplorables  or some other ignorant form of life that leads them to resist wise choices government makes for them. If only the people were smart enough and honest enough to understand how lucky they are, the country would be better off.Throughout this interview and others, it is clear that Obama is leaving office with both his worldview and his prejudices firmly intact. Recall that during the 2008 campaign, talking to donors in San Francisco, he said that white working-class people in Pennsylvania and places like it were falling behind economically and  they get bitter, they cling to guns or religion or antipathy toward people who aren t like them. That s the most quoted part of his remarks, but the rest of it was equally snobbish: Those same people, he said, also cling to  anti-immigrant sentiment or anti-trade sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations. Imagine if Obama had listened to those people, instead of shutting them out as noise. Imagine if he had seen their problems as legitimate, instead of seeing them as backwoods bigots.But he didn t, and so he leaves the country more bitterly divided than when he began. And, as I have said before, Trump s rise through his focus on immigration and trade are a big part of Obama s legacy. Via: NYP ",0
12829,"OBAMA’S CROOKED DOJ HIDES Massive Hillary Scandal: “The U.S. government spent millions of dollars, went all over the world to bankrupt him, and destroyed his life — all to protect Hillary Clinton’s crimes”","The most crooked person to ever run for President The Obama administration is moving to dismiss charges against an arms dealer it had accused of selling weapons that were destined for Libyan rebels.Lawyers for the Justice Department on Monday filed a motion in federal court in Phoenix to drop the case against the arms dealer, an American named Marc Turi, whose lawyers also signed the motion.The deal averts a trial that threatened to cast additional scrutiny on Hillary Clinton s private emails as Secretary of State, and to expose reported Central Intelligence Agency attempts to arm rebels fighting Libyan leader Moammar Qadhafi.Government lawyers were facing a Wednesday deadline to produce documents to Turi s legal team, and the trial was officially set to begin on Election Day, although it likely would have been delayed by protracted disputes about classified information in the case.A Turi associate asserted that the government dropped the case because the proceedings could have embarrassed Clinton and President Barack Obama by calling attention to the reported role of their administration in supplying weapons that fell into the hands of Islamic extremist militants. They don t want this stuff to come out because it will look really bad for Obama and Clinton just before the election,  said the associate.In the dismissal motion, prosecutors say  discovery rulings  from U.S. District Court Judge David Campbell contributed to the decision to drop the case. The joint motion asks the judge to accept a confidential agreement to resolve the case through a civil settlement between the State Department and the arms broker. Our position from the outset has been that this case never should have been brought and we re glad it s over,  said Jean-Jacques Cabou, a Perkins Coie partner serving as court-appointed defense counsel in the case.  Mr Turi didn t break the law .We re very glad the charges are being dismissed. Under the deal, Turi admits no guilt in the transactions he participated in, but he agreed to refrain from U.S.-regulated arms dealing for four years. A $200,000 civil penalty will be waived if Turi abides by the agreement.A State Department official confirmed the outlines of the agreement. Mr. Turi cooperated with the Department s Directorate of Defense Trade Controls in its review and proposed administrative settlement of the alleged violations,  said the official, who asked not be named.  Based on a compliance review, DDTC alleged that Mr. Turi engaged in brokering activities for the proposed transfer of defense articles to Libya, a proscribed destination under [arms trade regulations,] despite the Department s denial of requests for the required prior approval of such activities. Turi adviser Robert Stryk of the government relations and consulting firm SPG accused the government of trying to scapegoat Turi to cover up Clinton s mishandling of Libya. The U.S. government spent millions of dollars, went all over the world to bankrupt him, and destroyed his life   all to protect Hillary Clinton s crimes,  he said, alluding to the deadly Sept. 11, 2012 terrorist attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya.Read more: Politico",0
12830,MIKE PENCE SHREDS TIM KAINE IN VP DEBATE: This One Answer Was A Home Run! [Video],"FULL DEBATE VIDEO:  Can we get a higher number than 100? My focus group absolutely loved Mike Pence s methodical answer on economic growth. #VPDebate pic.twitter.com/8nzBHOY4uT  Frank Luntz (@FrankLuntz) October 5, 2016The Facts Speak For Themselves: ",0
12831,A MUST SEE! MEDIA SCORCHED FOR THEIR BIAS AGAINST TRUMP By Former Gunnery Sgt. [VIDEO], ,0
12832,STAMMERING HILLARY PLAYS DUMB On Assange Comment: ‘I don’t recall’ [Video],"Hillary Clinton: If I talked about droning Julian Assange,  it would have been a joke.  pic.twitter.com/WuMI2p080M  Washington Examiner (@dcexaminer) October 4, 2016",0
12833,OBAMA’S FEDERAL AGENTS CAUGHT Spying On Law-Abiding Gun Show Customers,"Big brother is alive and well 3 months only 3 months In Obamaland surveillance on Muslim terror suspects is considered Islamaphobia, surveillance on Black Lives Matter riots is considered racism, but surveillance on law-abiding gun owners is an important crime-fighting tool. It turns out that federal agents have been spying on customers at guns shows and tracking their movements. Why? Because the current administration is hostile to legal gun ownership and completely inept.The Wall Street Journal originally broke this story but they have a stupid business model and put the article behind a pay wall. Thankfully there is this thing called the Internet where all information is available for free and Fox News has the scoop:The first problem you may notice in this illegal surveillance is how insanely pointless the operation is. There was no way this would ever yield any results if you understand California gun law. The Golden State does not have the  gun show loophole  that liberals love to blame for all crimes involving a gun. Even at a gun show, a person purchasing a firearm must undergo a background check and wait 10 before taking possession of the weapon.All gun transfers in California go through a federally licensed firearms dealer with no exceptions. Handgun purchases are limited to one every 30 days and require additional licensing. The state maintains a firearms registry. This is the last place in America where a person would try to make a straw purchase. Even less so for someone trying to buy guns, smuggle them into Mexico, and arm the drug cartels.On top of all that, California also bans many popular handguns and all  assault rifles.  Do the feds really think there is a vibrant black market in Mexico for California-compliant weapons? Apparently so.And despite the feds  claim, this was completely illegal it is most certainly not. The government can t just start spying on Americans without probable cause that a crime is being committed. The feds went fishing here and they forgot to bring bait, rods, and reels. They also didn t pick a spot with any fish.If the feds want to know how guns are getting from the US to Mexico they should go ask former Attorney General Eric Holder who green-lit Operation Fast and Furious. In that, the BATF let guns  go walking  from US gun stores right into the hands of the Mexican drug cartels. One of those guns was used to kill a US border patrol agent. Via: Downtrend",0
12834,BREAKING: 20-YR OLD OBAMA VIDEO UNCOVERED: “I am saddened whites are still superior” [Video],"Obama:  I am saddened whites are still superior .things could explode at any point. FULL UNSEEN VIDEO: https://t.co/2TsUiLEYQ5 pic.twitter.com/6RFhGYg3Pn  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) October 4, 2016FULL VIDEO: Go to 14:40 for comments on race:",0
12835,"TERMINALLY ILL FORMER MISS WI: “Until my last breath, I will use this voice to tell who Mr. Trump really is” [VIDEO]","How is it that Sean Hannity is the only media personality who is able to find these amazing, strong women who have stories every American voter should hear about Trump, how he really treats women and his about his genuine concern for others?Former Miss WI, Mellissa Young s story is heartbreaking and her admiration and respect for Donald Trump is unmistakeable. Watch former VP of Trump International Senada Adzem, and former Miss USA Carrie Prajean Boller speak out on  Hannity :",0
12836,WORRIED ABOUT TRUMP LOSING HIS OWN MONEY? $6 BILLION LOST Under Hillary Clinton As Secretary Of State,"The State Department misplaced and lost some $6 billion due to the improper filing of contracts during the past six years, mainly during the tenure of former Secretary of State Hilary Clinton, according to a newly released Inspector General report. The $6 billion in unaccounted funds poses a  significant financial risk and demonstrates a lack of internal control over the Department s contract actions,  according to the report. The alert, originally sent on March 20 and just released this week, warns that the missing contracting funds  could expose the department to substantial financial losses.  The report centered on State Department contracts worth  more than $6 billion in which contract files were incomplete or could not be located at all,  according to the alert.  The failure to maintain contract files adequately creates significant financial risk and demonstrates a lack of internal control over the Department s contract actions,  the alert states.Read more: WT",0
12837,POWERFUL! FORMERLY OPPRESSED EX- MUSLIM WARNS Ignorant Americans About Danger Of “Welcoming The People I Fled From” [VIDEO],"A former Muslim and Donald Trump supporter who fled Islam-controlled Kuwait years ago has a warning for Americans this election cycle.Sarah, an ex-Muslim who bravely denounced Islam at a Milo Yiannopoulos speech, said she would absolutely hate it if America started to embrace Islamic culture, the exact culture which led her to flee her native country.She suggested that if American women want to support this oppressive lifestyle, they should go there to experience it. In a nutshell, she s saying,  don t bring it here she came here to escape the intolerance and submissive lifestyle. They [western feminists]show me they really don t care about me by welcoming my attackers into the place that I now call home.' ***Language warning*** I found home in America and I would really hate it if the values that made me find America as my home would be destroyed, so I m with the Trump campaign, I m with the Republican campaign. Keep people out of America that would change America for what we love it for and Milo is just another part of that which is why I support him,  Sarah said.Sarah said she fled Kuwait after her  very Muslim husband  told her that getting a college degree would do nothing for her because she is a woman. If you want to learn about something, go and learn about it,  Sarah said of Americans who are embracing Islam.  You re more than welcome. Become a hostage in Saudi Arabia. Maybe that ll teach you something.  Via: American Lookout ",0
12838,WOW! HOW 100% OF CLINTON CHARITY Went To…Themselves [Video], ,0
12839,SHOW THIS TO YOUR FRIENDS Who Don’t Fully Grasp The Severity Of Hillary Clinton’s Email Breach, ,0
12840,CHAMPION OF WOMEN? How Hillary Used Private Investigators To Destroy Women Her Political Prize Husband Was Sleeping With: “We have to destroy her story”,"Hillary won t be able to claim a vast right-wing conspiracy when she sees the article the left-leaning New York Times published. The article outlines how Hillary aggressively pursued the women her husband willingly chose to have sex with while he was married to her. Hillary never considered the women her philandering husband had sexual relations with were merely victims of a serial sexual abuser. He was her ticket to the ultimate power. The truth of the matter is, Hillary destroyed these women and protected her sexual predator husband, because having the ultimate political power was more important to her than the victims her husband discarded like yesterday s trash. This is the woman who is to be held up as an example for our daughters? This is the woman who young girls on college campuses say they ll vote for because she has matching genitalia? Hillary s true story needs to be told. She is nothing more than a two-bit opportunist who has clung to a charismatic serial sexual abuser of women for one reason, and one reason only to get to this point her ultimate goal the first serious female candidate for President of the United States. As usual with the Clinton s anyone who is harmed on their way up the political ladder, is of little or no consequence to them Last week, Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, criticized Mrs. Clinton over Mr. Clinton s affairs and her response to them, and said he might talk more about the issue in the final weeks before the election.That could be a treacherous strategy for Mr. Trump, given his own past infidelity and questionable treatment of women. Many voters, particularly women, might see Mrs. Clinton being blamed for her husband s conduct.It could also remind voters of a searing period in American history, and in Mrs. Clinton s life.Confronting a spouse s unfaithfulness is painful under any circumstance. For Mrs. Clinton, it happened repeatedly and in the most public of ways, unfolding at the dawn of the 24/7 news cycle, and later in impeachment proceedings that convulsed the nation.Outwardly, she remained stoic and defiant, defending her husband while a progression of women and well-funded conservative operatives accused Mr. Clinton of behavior unbecoming the leader of the free world.But privately, she embraced the Clinton campaign s aggressive strategy of counterattack: Women who claimed to have had sexual encounters with Mr. Clinton would become targets of digging and discrediting   tactics that women s rights advocates frequently denounce.The campaign hired a private investigator with a bare-knuckles reputation who embarked on a mission, as he put it in a memo, to impugn Ms. Flowers s  character and veracity until she is destroyed beyond all recognition. In a pattern that would later be repeated with other women, the investigator s staff scoured Arkansas and beyond, collecting disparaging accounts from ex-boyfriends, employers and others who claimed to know Ms. Flowers, accounts that the campaign then disseminated to the news media.By the time Mr. Clinton finally admitted to  sexual relations  with Ms. Flowers, years later, Clinton aides had used stories collected by the private investigator to brand her as a  bimbo  and a  pathological liar. Mrs. Clinton s level of involvement in that effort, as described in interviews, internal campaign records and archives, is still the subject of debate. By some accounts, she gave the green light and was a motivating force; by others, her support was no more than tacit assent.What is clear is that Mrs. Clinton was in a difficult spot. She was aware that her husband had cheated earlier in their marriage, but by her telling, she also believed him when he denied the accusations levied by Ms. Flowers and others.Mickey Kantor, the chairman of Bill Clinton s 1992 campaign, said that Mrs. Clinton wanted to separate fact from fiction and to size up the women making the claims. Let s say the woman has some not-helpful things that she has done in the past,  Mr. Kantor said.  Wouldn t you want to know that, and evaluate it? Mrs. Clinton and her husband declined to be interviewed, and her campaign did not answer questions about her support of efforts to undermine the women.  The country closed the book on these matters close to 20 years ago, and there is nothing whatsoever new here,  her spokesman, Brian Fallon, said in a statement.Her campaign also released statements from James Carville, Mr. Clinton s top campaign strategist, and two lawyers who worked for Mr. Clinton, saying that Mrs. Clinton had not overseen the counterattacks. Those who took the lead in responding to those attacks at the time have plainly stated that Hillary Clinton did not direct their work,  Mr. Fallon said.Neutralizing the WhispersFour years after Gary Hart fled a presidential race amid speculation about an affair, every accusation of womanizing was viewed as a mortal threat to Mr. Clinton s campaign.Stanley Greenberg, a pollster for the campaign who had strategized with the Clintons in the fall of 1991 about how to handle the rumors of infidelity, recalled Mrs. Clinton s acknowledgment that her husband had strayed. It was an uncomfortable meeting,  Mr. Greenberg said in an interview for an oral history of Mr. Clinton s presidency conducted by the Miller Center at the University of Virginia.  I remember Hillary saying that,  obviously, if I could say no to this question, we would say no, and therefore, there is an issue. Weeks later, their first taste of trouble came in a Penthouse magazine story by a rock groupie named Connie Hamzy, who claimed Mr. Clinton had once propositioned her at a hotel in Little Rock, Ark.Mr. Clinton brushed off the story, saying that Ms. Hamzy had made a sexual advance toward him, George Stephanopoulos, the communications director of the 1992 campaign, recalled in his book,  All Too Human. But Mrs. Clinton demanded action. We have to destroy her story,  she said, according to Mr. Stephanopoulos.In what became a common tactic, affidavits were collected, from an aide and two others who stated that they were with Mr. Clinton at the hotel and that Ms. Hamzy s story was false. (Contacted recently, Ms. Hamzy said she stood by her account.)When the work was done, both Clintons called Mr. Stephanopoulos, together, to offer their thanks.An Explosive AccusationThe Gennifer Flowers story landed like a bomb weeks before the New Hampshire primary.Ms. Flowers, a lounge singer and Arkansas state employee at the time, sold Star magazine her story claiming an affair with Mr. Clinton that had lasted more than 10 years.In a meeting with aides, the Clintons scripted a unified defense that they delivered in the interview on  60 Minutes. With Mrs. Clinton nodding agreement, Mr. Clinton admitted to the TV audience to  causing pain in my marriage,  but denied an affair with Ms. Flowers. Mrs. Clinton professed sympathy for Ms. Flowers, saying she had been caught up in rumors through no fault of her own.But at a news conference the next day, Ms. Flowers reasserted her claims, playing excerpts from her calls with Mr. Clinton. The two could be heard discussing the attention the rumors were getting, and she joked about his sexual talents.Glimpsing the news conference in South Dakota, Mrs. Clinton directed an aide to get Mr. Clinton on the phone, Gail Sheehy, a journalist traveling with her, recalled in a recent interview. It was a reaction of no surprise, but immediate anger and action,  said Ms. Sheehy, who also described her observations in a Vanity Fair article that year.  Not anger at Bill, but at Flowers, the press and Republicans. Back on a plane that night, Mrs. Clinton told Ms. Sheehy that if she were to question Ms. Flowers in front of a jury,  I would crucify her. Weeks later, a small group of campaign aides, along with Mrs. Clinton, met at the governor s mansion in Little Rock, and they made a pivotal decision: They would hire Jack Palladino, a private investigator known for tactics such as making surreptitious recordings and deploying attractive women to extract information.An aide to the campaign, who declined to be publicly identified because the aide had not been authorized to speak for the Clintons, said Mrs. Clinton was among those who had discussed and approved the hiring, which shifted the campaign to a more aggressive posture.Mr. Kantor, the campaign chairman, said he did not know whether Mrs. Clinton had specifically approved Mr. Palladino s employment as the other aide recalled. But he said that she had seen a need for outside help. She believed we had to deal with the issue directly,  Mr. Kantor said.Mr. Palladino, who did not respond to requests for an interview, reported to James Lyons, a lawyer working for the campaign. In a memo that he addressed to Mr. Lyons on March 30, Mr. Palladino proposed a full-court press on Ms. Flowers. Every acquaintance, employer, and past lover should be located and interviewed,  Mr. Palladino wrote.  She is now a shining icon   telling lies that so far have proved all benefit and no cost   for any other opportunist who may be considering making Clinton a target. Soon, Ms. Flowers heard from ex-boyfriends and others who said they had been contacted by a private investigator. They would say that he would try to manipulate them,  Ms. Flowers recalled,  or get them to say things like I was sexually active. Karen Steele, who had worked with Ms. Flowers at the Roy Clark Celebrity Theater in Branson, Mo., was among those who received a visit.  I remember I got questioned about brothers Gennifer and I once dated,  she said.  It wasn t warm and fuzzy. While Mrs. Clinton considered the Lewinsky affair a  personal lapse  by her husband, she gave him credit for trying to break it off and manage someone who was a  narcissistic loony toon,  according to Ms. Blair s papers.Bill Clinton can be seen lying before Grand Jury about sexual relations he had with Monica Lewinsky, a young intern in the Oval Office, for which he was impeached later. Hillary s close friend Diane Blair   a political science professor whose papers were donated to the University of Arkansas Special Collections library   Hillary Clinton credited Bill Clinton with trying to break away from Lewinsky, whom she called a  narcissistic loony toon. :Soon after, Mrs. Clinton expressed pleasure to her friend that she and her husband were able to drive  their adversaries totally nuts  because they did not appear to be suffering.For entire story: New York Times ",0
12841,BREAKING: LIVE WIKILEAKS Announcement About Hillary That Could Swing Election…Live Announcement [3AM EST]," People have a right to understand who it is they re electing,  said Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, adding that the information comprised of  a variety of different types of documents, from different types of institutions that are associated with the election campaign, some quite unexpected angles that are quite interesting, some even entertaining. WATCH HERE starting at 3 AM EST:Via: Infowars",0
12842,YIKES! HILLARY CAMPAIGN In State Of Panic…Campaign Events Being Cancelled Due To Lack Of Volunteers [VIDEO],"The enthusiasm for Hillary is well underwhelming to say the least. Two of Hillary s campaign events in Akron, OH were cancelled today due to lack of volunteers (interest in her campaign).Watch:",0
12843,"UNPOPULAR HILLARY HOSTS Rally In Empty Charlotte, NC Church…Tiny Room In Toledo, OH…Pops Cough Lozenges…Stretcher Brought Backstage [VIDEO]","Polls lie the number of supporters who show up to hear a candidate speak when they visit swing states, tells Americans everything they need to know about who is truly more popular with voters Hillary refused to call for calm in a city that was torn apart over a black man who was shot and killed by police officers. She was gunning for the black vote. Well, it turned out the black man who was shot dead was also armed, and it also turns out that rioting, attacking innocent people, and demeaning our law enforcement officers isn t very popular with most Americans either.Here s a shot Hillary s pathetic audience in Charlotte, NC. If she was right about backing the Black Lives Matter rioters, shouldn t she have had a better turnout here in the epicenter of the riots?Hillary didn t do much better today at her rally in Toledo, OH:Disappointing Turnout for Hillary in Toledo Train Station pic.twitter.com/IWFYxwHzsS  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) October 3, 2016Crowd gathering in MLKJr Plaza (Toledo) for Hillary Clinton campaign rally at 1:30. pic.twitter.com/bz1cMdp72n  Tom Troy (@TomFTroy) October 3, 2016It looks like that darn pneumonia just won t go away:How many Presidential candidates need a stretcher at the ready backstage during their rallies?A gurney was just brought back stage at Hillary's Akron rally. She has yet to appear on stage. #hillaryshealth #hackinghillary pic.twitter.com/hYFnzhYMus  Millie Weaver (@Millie__Weaver) October 3, 2016DEPLORABLE UPDATE: Thousands of gays, Latinos, women, youths and men line up 5-6 hours early to attend Trump rally in Loveland, CO:The line just goes on and on to get into the #Trump #Loveland rally and it doesn't start for 3+ hours! #COpolitics pic.twitter.com/Z6Vc0LppMJ  Tyger (@Right_Not_Wrong) October 3, 2016h/t Gateway Pundit",0
12844,CROOKED HILLARY Slams The Bank She Took A $258K Donation From [Video], ,0
12845,"WOW! DEM STRATEGIST Bob Beckel Says Wikileaks Founder Should Be Assassinated:”I’m not for the death penalty, so illegally shoot the son-of-a-b*tch!”","Is CNN contributor and Democratic Strategist Bob Beckel speaking on behalf of a frustrated Hillary Clinton who was just exposed by Wikileaks in a document suggesting Wikileaks founder Julian Assange should be taken out with a drone? Is this how the Democrat party handles anyone who stands up to Hillary and exposes the Clinton s criminal behavior? Threaten them to shut them up, and if they don t shut up assassinate them? Way to show the Democrat Party s true colors Bob.Here s what Bob Beckel has to say about how to handle Wikileaks founder Julian Assange and his leaks to the public exposing the crooked Democrat Party and their crooked Queen Hillary Look the way to deal with this it s pretty simple. We ve got special ops forces. A dead guy can t leak stuff. The guys a traitor, he s treasonous, and he s broken every law in the United States (Is he talking about Obama?) And I m not for the death penalty, and if I m not for the death-penalty, there s only one way to do it illegally shoot the son-of-a-bitch!    Bob Beckel, Democrat StrategistDemocrat strategist Bob Beckel, now at CNN, called for Julian Assange to be assassinated after Clinton cable leak pic.twitter.com/9L2ixl24Er  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 3, 2016",0
12846,BREAKING: A HUGE DEAL! Putin Suspends Nuclear Pact With US," The Obama administration has done everything in its power to destroy the atmosphere of trust which could have encouraged cooperation Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday suspended a treaty with Washington on cleaning up weapons-grade plutonium, signaling he is willing to use nuclear disarmament as a new bargaining chip in disputes with the United States over Ukraine and Syria.Starting in the last years of the Cold War, Russia and the United States signed a series of accords to reduce the size of their nuclear arsenals, agreements that have so far survived intact despite a souring of U.S.-Russian relations under Putin.But on Monday, Putin issued a decree suspending an agreement, concluded in 2000, which bound the two sides to dispose of surplus plutonium originally intended for use in nuclear weapons.The Kremlin said it was taking that action in response to unfriendly acts by Washington. It made the announcement shortly before Washington said it was suspending talks with Russia on trying to end the violence in Syria.The plutonium accord is not the cornerstone of post-Cold War U.S.-Russia disarmament, and the practical implications from the suspension will be limited. But the suspension, and the linkage to disagreements on other issues, carries powerful symbolism.Read more: Reuters",0
12847,ILLEGAL ALIEN Who Helps Illegals Stay In U.S. ARRESTED For Drunk Driving…Why The Left May Not Be Able To Stop Her Deportation [VIDEO],"The Office of Immigration Statistics reported that of the 188,382 deportations of illegal aliens in 2011, 23 percent had committed criminal traffic offenses (primarily driving under the influence). Congressman Steve King (R-IA) estimates that illegal alien drunk drivers kill 13 Americans every day   that s a death toll of 4,745 per year.Trump has taken a hard-line on illegal alien drunk drivers in America. He is the only politician who is addressing this serious problem. He can be seen here embracing parents and families who have been torn apart by the death of a loved one at the hands of an illegal alien:This is the story of a prominent illegal alien activist and drunk driver the Left is embracing and working so hard to keep in America: On May 28, the community organizer for Casa, a national immigrants rights organization based in Maryland, was stopped by police and arrested for a DUI after having had two margaritas at a restaurant. Her blood alcohol was twice the legal limit for driving.Her arrest sent a shockwave through the activist community, with petitions from organizations such as Change.org being filed to stop her deportation.The last thing anyone in the immigrant activist community would have expected was that Wendy Uruchi Contreras would be arrested and potentially deported.Uruchi s attorney, Enid Gonzalez, told Fox News Latino her team filed for a  stay of removal  with the Department of Homeland Security on Friday. Her case is very unusual,  Gonzalez said.  Since she came to the U.S. on a visa waiver    which allows visitors from 38 countries to stay for up to 90 days without a visa    she automatically waived any possible effort to block removal from the country. Gonzalez added,  Had she come in undocumented, she d have a strong defense for cancellation for removal, because of her children. She d meet those requirements. The decision on her stay of removal could take a day or six weeks. If immigration authorities recommend granting it, she ll likely have a year to remain in the U.S., and Gonzalez says immigration officials keep very close tabs on people in those circumstances.Uruchi didn t start her career as an activist very long ago. According to the Washington Post, she met some employees from Casa a few years ago at an event at the Salvadoran Embassy, and she began going to events, then organizing them. In 2014, she was hired full-time as a Virginia community organizer.Uruchi spent the last two years helping undocumented immigrants fight their deportations, without ever revealing her own status. Via: Latino Fox News",0
12848,WIKILEAKS Posts NEW Document…Shows Hillary Reportedly Asked: ” Can’t we just drone this guy [Julian Assange]?”,"Hillary Clinton is the last person you want placing a target on your back the list of people who ve paid a heavy price for betraying her is pretty long Julian Assange announced Sunday he was cancelling his much anticipated announcement on leaked Clinton documents. Assange said he was cancelling the planned speech due to security concerns.To Silence Wikileaks, #HillaryClinton Proposed Drone Strike on Julian Assange   report https://t.co/S7tPrl2QCZ  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 3, 2016Assange was going to make the announcement on Tuesday. Obviously, Julian Assange is concerned about his safety.Julian Assange announced in August: The  Most Interesting and Serious  Wikileaks Info On Hillary Clinton Yet to Be ReleasedNow this  Wikileaks posted a document this morning that reportedly shows Hillary wanted to drone bomb Julian Assange.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
12849,BREAKING BOMBSHELL: 27 YR OLD Son Of Arkansas Prostitute Says Bill Clinton Is His Father…Did Hillary Keep Him Away From Bill? [VIDEO],"Do black lives really matter to the Clinton s?It s the lead story today on the Drudge Report Danney Williams, a 27-year-old black man who has a stunning resemblance to Bill Clinton is claiming Bill is his father. The young man from Arkansas has sparked the interest of many on social media, as he and his mother, Bobbie Ann Williams who was a prostitute in Arkansas in the mid-80 s, say she had sexual relations with the former Governor Bill Clinton, and that Bill is his father. Many associated with his story are claiming that Hillary kept him from having a relationship with Bill .Alex Jones   In Little Rock, low-income housing projects are only about 5 blocks away from the Governor s Mansion.It was common practice for Bill Clinton to go out jogging  only to disappear into the bushes to be serviced by prostitutes.One has to wonder what is swimming around the Petri dish that is Bill Clinton s genitalia.Bill Clinton s Illegitimate Son Bobbie Ann Williams  a Little Rock street hooker  says she and Bill did cocaine together, as well as having a foursome with 2 other prostitutes in the country cabin of Bill Clinton s mother, while Clinton was serving as governor in 1983-1984.Williams claims Bill Clinton sired her son Danny in 1985, though Clinton  deadbeat dad that he is  never claimed or supported him.This tough talking black female host of  For The People  talks about Bill s illegitimate black son and offers her uncensored thoughts on Hillary Clinton (language warning):",0
12850,CORRUPT CLINTON FOUNDATION HONORED Wife Of Bomb-Making Terrorist Who Murdered 6 [Video],"Clinton Foundation drew intense protests for scheduling the wife of a Palestinian terrorist to speak at a Clinton Global Initiative dinner. The foundation saw nothing wrong with this and defended their decision: Hanan al-Hroub is a beacon of hope in a part of the world that is very dear to me and in desperate need of more hope,  said Haim Saban, a major Clinton Foundation donor, according to The Wall Street Journal.  I only wish more people honored her and the cause that she embodies. Haim Saban has deep roots in Egypt and is a controversial figure who totally bought access to the Hillary Clinton during her time as Secretary of State:Between 2009 and 2013, as Hillary Clinton served as secretary of state, the Saban Family Foundation paid the Clinton Foundation more than $7 million, and listed $30.5 million in  grants and contributions approved for future payment,  according to nonprofit records filed with the Internal Revenue Service. It s unclear whether there was any overlap between the $7 million paid and $30.5 million committed to the Clinton Foundation in those years.What kind of message does this send to the people of Israel who had six of their citizens murdered by the acts of this woman s husband? Hanan al-Hroub, this year s winner of the Global Teacher Prize, is scheduled to speak at the dinner   despite the fact that her husband, Omar, served 10 years in an Israeli prison for providing chemicals used in a 1980 terror bombing attack that killed six Israelis. This was apparently no big deal to the Clinton Foundation   even as the U.S. investigates the weekend bombings in New Jersey and New York, as well as the stabbing spree that occurred in a Minnesota mall. The decision to honor the wife of a terrorist by Hillary Clinton s foundation shows a complete lack of judgment and a callousness that should disqualify her from holding the presidency.  Foundation donors were quick to defend the invitation of al-Hroub.",0
12851,"SOCIALIST MILLENNIAL MAGNET Bernie Sanders Tells Supporters How to Vote, After Hillary Caught Saying He Lied to Supporters About Free Stuff","Hillary Clinton s campaign also announced Sunday night that it had canceled tentatively planned events with Sen. Bernie Sanders for Monday.Instead, her primary rival will now be on the campaign trail Wednesday in Iowa and Wisconsin instead. Wednesday s Des Moines stop was added to make up for appearances tentatively scheduled in Iowa on Monday, October 3,  the campaign said in a release.Sanders will be in Des Moines, Iowa, in the morning, and will host rallies in Madison and Green Bay, Wis., in the afternoon.He will discuss the Democratic nominee s  plan to build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top, and Donald Trump s plan, which would benefit himself and other millionaires and billionaires,  the campaign said.Though unclear if it s related, the schedule change comes a few days after audio from a February fundraiser leaked that made public Clinton s take on fans of her then-rival Sanders, who she suggested were overly idealistic.  There s just a deep desire to believe that we can have free college, free healthcare, that what we ve done hasn t gone far enough, and that we just need to, you know, go as far as, you know, Scandinavia, whatever that means, and half the people don t know what it means but it is something that they deeply feel,  she said.Sanders, who ran for president as a member of the Democratic Party, said  of course  it bothered him that Clinton said he sold a  false promise  to his supporters.But, he said Sunday, his supporters should still vote for her. For entire story: The Hill ",0
12852,FLORIDA DOCTOR Under Fire After Running TV Ad Offering Medical Treatment For Men Who Plan To Vote For Hillary [VIDEO],"As a woman, I have to say I agree with this doctor s theory about any man who would vote for Hillary. A Florida doctor is under fire for a commercial warning men who are considering voting for Hillary Clinton that they might have low testosterone levels. WBBH s Nestor Mato reports.Florida doctor under fire for saying men who vote for Clinton may have low testosterone levels https://t.co/6IUumR7S5s pic.twitter.com/lJn6d2vwru  NBC News (@NBCNews) October 2, 2016Watch here:https://youtu.be/bokKloZOjSo",0
12853,HOW THE CLINTON FOUNDATION RIPPED OFF HAITI…Stunning VIDEO That Exposes America’s Most Selfish Couple,"While the media salivates over the illegal release of Trump s tax documents and criticize him for using legal tax loopholes to avoid paying taxes to our corrupt government, they completely ignored the Clinton crime families scheme to steal from the poorest of the poor in Haiti.Here is how the Clinton s used the money that Americans donated to help the devastated residents of Haiti to enrich themselves:",0
12854,BREAKING: LYING ABOUT TRUMP AGAIN: HILLARY CLINTON Used The Same Tax Law To Take A Loss In 2015,"PEOPLE IN GLASS HOUSES ALERT: TRUMP USED LEGAL TAX LAW IN 1995 AND SO DID CLINTON!She has ZERO idea that he  got to  avoid paying taxes Because he COULD doesn t mean he did!With the leaked 1995 Trump tax returns  scandal  focused on the billionaire s yuuge  net operating loss  and how it might have  legally  enabled him to pay no taxes for years, we now discover none other than Hillary Rodham Clinton utilized a $700,000  loss  to avoid paying some taxes in 2015.The Clinton Campaign was quick to jump on the leaked Trump tax filing with Robby Mook tweeting:Apparently, Hillary forgot she used the same law to take a loss on her taxes: ",0
12855,UPDATE: WIKILEAKS CLINTON Document Dump Back On!,"Hillary Clinton strategist Bob Beckel called for WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange to be assassinated. #DNCLeak pic.twitter.com/9L2ixl24Er  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) August 10, 2016Wikileaks has not said when it will now make its  announcement .Assange appeared on Fox News last month, repeating his assertion that Wikileaks has damaging documents on Clinton and suggested WikiLeaks may soon release  teasers . More than three weeks later, that release has yet to take place.Clinton s more fervent opponents have hoped for weeks that the promised document dump would be an  October surprise    damaging and revelatory emails or the like   and inflict a mortal wound on her campaign. There s no evidence however that such damaging information even exists.It was only this summer that Assange s group leaked thousands of embarrassing emails from the Democratic National Committee which showed their disdain for Bernie Sanders  insurgent campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination. The uproar over the disclosures forced DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman-Schultz to resign in disgrace on the eve of the Democratic National Convention.DEATH THREATS?Assange and his supporters have long claimed that his personal safety is at risk due to the danger he (supposedly) represents to Clinton s presidential ambitions. In August, liberal commentator Bob Beckel suggested in a TV appearance that Assange be murdered, proclaiming that someone should  shoot the son of a bitch!  Assange himself has also recently hinted publicly that low-level DNC staffer Seth Rich, who was murdered this summer in Washington DC, had been the source for Wikileaks  document dump on the DNC. And that Rich s alleged role in the leaks was linked to his death.Via: Heat Street",0
12856,4 DEAD TEENAGERS In Two Weeks…Illegal Immigrant Gang Violence Hits Long Island Town HARD,"It was only a matter of time We can t keep our borders open to anyone who cares to cross over, offer them immunity from the law in sanctuary cities that basically give criminals the ability to move around freely and expect a positive result. We asked for it when most American citizens sat back and allowed Obama to bully our border agents into submission, while shaming our government officials and law enforcement agencies for daring to demand stricter immigration controls. There s a good reason Donald J. Trump rose to the top of the packed GOP Presidential field when he mentioned building a wall on our southern border and clamping down on the insane flow of unvetted immigrants and refugees into the United States.Hillary is on the same team as Obama when it comes to unchecked illegal immigration. BRENTWOOD, N.Y.   Four dead teenagers. Two weeks. One town. And a ruthless gang, the authorities say, was most likely responsible for the toll. Again.On Sept. 13, Nisa Mickens, 15, and her best friend, Kayla Cuevas, 16, were murdered, their battered bodies found near an elementary school here. A week later and just two miles away, the skeletal remains of two more teenagers   identified as Oscar Acosta, 19, and Miguel Garcia-Moran, 15   were found in the woods near a psychiatric hospital. Oscar had been missing since May, Miguel since February. Their deaths have been ruled homicides.Brentwood, a hardscrabble town of nearly 60,000 on Long Island, 40 miles east of Manhattan, has reached another crisis point. For nearly two decades, MS-13, a gang with roots in Los Angeles and El Salvador, has been terrorizing the town, the authorities say, especially its young people. Since 2009, its members have been accused of at least 14 murders, court and police records show.School officials are scrambling. Police officers are searching. Students are frightened. Parents are anguished. It s so hard, I m hurting,  Eveylyn Rodriguez, the mother of Kayla, said last week.  I wish I could hold my daughter again. In her first interview since Kayla s funeral, Ms. Rodriguez spoke measuredly about how her daughter had been bullied by gang members inside and outside of her high school. To me, it s worse than it was before; it s everywhere,  said Ms. Rodriguez, a 1987 graduate of Brentwood Ross High School, where her daughter was a student.  This is ridiculous,  she added.  We need some type of assistance to help our police officers here and see if they can come together to figure out a plan to make things better for the kids now. The path to such a plan, however, runs through a fractured Suffolk County. Its former police chief is headed to jail, its district attorney is under federal investigation and a Justice Department settlement mandated changes in the police department in 2013 after findings of bias against Latino residents.Tensions simmer here because some residents say they believe an increase in Central American migrants to town has led to the increase in gang violence. According to 2014 census figures compiled by Queens College, Brentwood s population is 68 percent Latino or Hispanic, with more than 17,000 residents claiming to be from El Salvador.Brentwood has 4,400 high school students divided into two schools, and administrators say the environment is safe. Gang members rarely present themselves in the schools,  Richard Loeschner, the principal of Brentwood Ross High School, said.  If they do, we take care of that pretty quickly. But ultimately, he said, after acknowledging that the administration knew of about 20 to 25 students in the district with possible gang affiliations, there is only so much they can do. We can t exclude a kid because we suspect they are in a gang,  Mr. Loeschner said.  That s state and federal law that they are entitled to an education. Even before the girls  murders, students were subject to random screenings with metal detectors, which have increased over the past few weeks, he added. There are no detectors at the entrances of either high school, however.Some parents were concerned that the school s response to the violence was not proactive enough. Dr. Levi McIntyre, the school superintendent, sent an email to parents warning their children not to wear royal blue, the color identified with MS-13, or clothes displaying the Salvadoran flag. A student on the way to school, he wrote, recently had his blue shirt torn off by gang members and burned.MS-13 formed in Los Angeles in the 1980s by immigrants from El Salvador escaping civil war. The abbreviation stands for Mara Salvatrucha, which roughly translates to  Salvadoran street posse. Authorities say it has been in Suffolk County since around 1998, and is organized in cliques bearing names like the Brentwood Locos Salvatruchas. Leaders gather to discuss their lines of business   extortion, prostitution, robbery, drug dealing   and to authorize the killings of chavalas, or members of rival gangs like the Bloods and Crips, court papers say.The recent murders have exacerbated disputes in the town over immigration policy, which Donald J. Trump, the Republican candidate for president, fueled during last week s debate by saying that the gangs roaming the streets were made up of illegal immigrants. There s been a huge influx, to be honest with you,  said Ray Mayo, the president of the Brentwood Association of Concerned Citizens, who added that he was upset over undocumented immigrants crowding rental properties.  It seems like a whole new set of gang members who have stirred the pot up. Two law enforcement authorities, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the continuing murder investigation, said that over the last several years the gang has sought to enlist recent immigrants from Central America because they are often more vulnerable to recruitment. For entire story: NYT s ",0
12857,BREAKING VIDEO Of Hillary Supporter And #BlackLivesMatter Activist Vandalizing Trump’s Brand New DC Hotel [VIDEO],"Hillary has been stirring up the hateful movement Obama, Eric Holder and Al Sharpton started years ago, as a means to encourage blacks to come out to the polls on her behalf on November 8th. American voters need to ask themselves what kind of a person stirs up hate and division between races for the sake of getting votes? What kind of person is okay with dividing a nation just to obtain the ultimate power position in politics? The worst criminal to ever run for President of the United States .Crooked Hillary Clinton that s who.Watch her shamelessly pander to the worst common denominator for votes:Watch Hillary encourage Black Lives Matter terrorists to take their  action  to a new level:Oh look Black Lives Matter is actually listening to Hillary. Last night they vandalized one of the most beautiful buildings in Washington DC that just happens to being to Hillary s opponent:Trump's new DC hotel vandalized this morning w/ Black Lives Matter graffiti. I have a feeling this isn't going to be isolated. Smh.   pic.twitter.com/r9T6o9DfgT  Tara Setmayer (@TaraSetmayer) October 2, 2016Here is another picture that was taken of the graffiti painted on Trump s amazing hotel in downtown DC:Meanwhile in DC protesters seem to have defaced the Trump International Hotel. Workers just covered the graffiti. pic.twitter.com/gIOpB6dCmY  Jazmin Bailey (@JazminMBailey) October 1, 2016",0
12858,OOPS! LIST OF TOP 10 CORPORATE TAX DODGERS Are All Hillary Donors…Compliments Of Bernie Sanders,"The hypocrisy of our media is astounding! What about Hillary s major corporate donors like GE for example, that have been working the loopholes in our tax system for decades? Does anyone care that Hillary has been taking money from some of America s biggest corporate tax dodgers for several years? Bernie Sanders recently outed the 10 biggest multinational corporations that paid no federal taxes for at least one year between 2008 and 2012. Sanders has made reining in corporate tax dodgers a key point of his presidential platform. In a recent press release, the Sanders campaign laid out the Vermont senator s plans to force multinational corporations to pay their fair share in taxes:As it turns out, all ten of those same companies are some of Hillary Clinton s biggest donors, whether to her campaign or to her family foundation.1. GENERAL ELECTRIC According to data from the nonpartisan group Citizens for Tax Justice (CTJ), GE posted $33.9 billion in U.S. profits, yet somehow got $2.9 billion in refunds in that same time period. According to the book Clinton Cash, then-Secretary of State Clinton lobbied the Algerian government for a GE power plant contract. After Algeria awarded the contract to GE, Jeffrey Immelt   CEO of GE   gave a donation to the Clinton Foundation. Sanders also pointed out that while Immelt sat on the board of the New York Federal Reserve, the Fed gave GE $16 billion in financial assistance.2. BOEING Boeing is one of the nation s biggest corporate tax dodgers, making over $20 billion in profits between 2008 and 2012 and paying an overall income tax rate of negative one percent during those years. Clinton Cash author Peter Schweizer noted that after Secretary Clinton successfully lobbied the Russian government to enter into a $3.7 billion contract to buy Boeing s aircraft, the aerospace company gave the Clinton Foundation a hefty donation of $900,000.3. VERIZON In the four years between 2008 and 2012, Verizon pocketed over $30 billion in profits and paid a tax rate of -1.8 percent, according to CTJ. The Sanders campaign s research claims that in 2012 alone, Verizon would have paid $630 million in income taxes had they been unable to stash U.S. profits in offshore tax havens.Verizon has given between $118,000 and $300,000 to the Clinton Foundation in recent years. And as Zaid Jilani reported in Alternet last year, Hillary Clinton is the favored candidate of numerous Verizon executives, many of whom have given the maximum donation to her 2016 effort:Verizon vice-presidents Lydia Pulley, Kathleen Grillo, and Donna Epps each gave $2,700 to Hillary for America. Verizon senior vice-president Thomas Edwards and vice-president Chris Debosier pitched in $1,000. Leecia Eve, a former Hillary staffer who today is a lobbyist for Verizon gave $2,700. Another Verizon lobbyist, David Lamendola, gave Hillary $1,000.To contrast, Sanders appeared at a rally for striking Verizon workers in New York City last year, demanding the company meet the workers  demands and admonishing its executives for the company s greedy practices.4. BANK OF AMERICA In 2010, Bank of America got a whopping $1.9 billion refund from the IRS despite making $4.4 billion in profit. And the Institute for Policy Studies reported that Bank of America has over 300 foreign subsidiaries in countries and territories universally known as tax havens, like the Cayman Islands and Bermuda.In his recent groundbreaking report for The Intercept, Jilani reported that Bank of America paid Hillary Clinton $225,000 in speaking fees after her tenure as Secretary of State.5. CITIGROUP Citigroup was the largest recipient of federal bailout money, getting an astonishing $2.5 trillion after the financial crisis even though they played a major role in the financial meltdown. Citi also paid $0 in federal income taxes in 2010 despite making profits in excess of $4 billion. Had the bank been unable to utilize offshore tax havens, it would have paid $11.5 billion in federal taxes in 2012.According to campaign finance database OpenSecrets.org, Citigroup is Hillary Clinton s top donor, having given over $824,000 in campaign contributions throughout her political career.6. PFIZER The Connecticut-based pharmaceutical giant is notorious for its tax avoidance strategies, paying $0 in federal income tax between 2010 and 2012 and getting a $2.2 billion tax refund despite posting $43 billion in global profits.Pfizer executives gave nearly $40,000 to Clinton s presidential campaign between April and September 2015. And Pfizer itself has given between $1 million and $5 million to the Clinton Foundation, according to donor records obtained by the Washington Times.7. FEDEX In 2011, FedEx made $2.7 billion in profit, yet they were given a $135 million tax refund from the IRS that same year. FedEx also receives $1 billion a year in corporate welfare from the U.S. Post Office   its chief competitor   to use its aircraft to transport U.S. mail.FedEx has given anywhere between $100,000 and $250,000 to the Clinton Foundation. The company was also one of four corporations to bundle a $2.5 million donation to Clinton s new diplomacy center (Boeing was another).8. HONEYWELL Despite making over $3 billion in combined profits between 2009 and 2010, Honeywell paid $0 in federal income taxes and got roughly $510 million in refunds. Honeywell CEO David Cote was also one of the loudest voices on the Fix The Debt campaign, calling for the Social Security and Medicare age to be raised to 70.Honeywell, a prominent weapons manufacturer, also gave $50,000 to the Clinton Foundation while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State. At the same time, Honeywell and others had their weapons shipped to countries blasted by international watchdogs for their deplorable records on human rights.9. MERCK Merck is one of the nation s largest pharmaceutical companies and biggest tax dodgers   in 2009, Merck pocketed $5.7 billion in profits, yet paid $0 in federal taxes. Merck successfully got out of paying $18.69 billion in federal taxes in 2012 by stashing $53.4 billion of its U.S. profits in overseas tax havens.The Center for Responsive Politics reports that Merck donated between $250,000 and $500,000 to the Clinton Foundation after becoming a member of the Clinton Global Initiative in 2006. It also spent millions on lobbying the U.S. State Department during Hillary Clinton s tenure as Secretary of State.10. CORNING CTJ reports that between 2008 and 2012, Corning made over $3.4 billion in profits and got a $10 million tax refund, paying a 0.1 percent federal tax rate. The Sanders campaign pointed out that Corning CEO Wendell Weeks has called for the retirement age to be raised to 70, while he himself has a $22.8 million retirement account.While Clinton headed up the State Department, Corning lobbied heavily for multiple policies on which it stood to reap financial gains, including the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Clinton, in turn, lobbied China to lower tariffs on the type of goods manufactured by Corning. The company has also donated between $100,000 and $250,000 to the Clinton Foundation and paid the former Secretary of State $225,000 in speaking fees after she announced her presidential campaign. Via: U.S.Uncut",0
12859,WOW! BLACK TRUMP SUPPORTER’S Epic Takedown Of Media Talking Heads Goes Viral [Video],"This wonderful lady is so right and so dead on in her description of Donald Trump s mission You will Love her!  Democrats FAILED, they care about the inner city when its election time ",0
12860,WHOA! DEMOCRATIC Strategist Gives Crooked Hillary The Ultimate Smack Down,"The most unpopular, deplorable woman in America, and champion of Wall Street bankers gets a big smack down by Democratic Strategist Harlan Hill. Enjoy:FACT: Clintons take money + work for countries that have institutionalized abuses of women & murder of homosexuals. pic.twitter.com/5GDSwkRUvm  Harlan Z. Hill (@Harlan) September 6, 2016Here s what Harlan thinks about Hillary s chances of winning the election in November:Hillary lost the Obama + Sanders coalitions.If I'm right, she'll lose the election too.I went on record w/ @VarneyCo @FoxBusiness: pic.twitter.com/49hpiONrs5  Harlan Z. Hill (@Harlan) September 29, 2016",0
12861,NEW YORK TIMES Publishes Trump Tax Return From 20 Years Ago…TRUMP FIRES BACK!," In a lame effort to score political points for Hillary Clinton, the New York Times published a portion of Donald Trump s 1995 tax return. They re now promoting the idea that Trump  could have  not paid taxes for decades.  Could have  doesn t mean he did! Does anyone care that a man with a huge business empire might try and pay less taxes or work the tax system to his advantage? Isn t that what most people do and it s legal to do it! I would question Trump s sanity if he begged to pay more taxes! The front pages of the tax returns themselves are essentially a non-issue, representing the 1995 gross business loss incurred by candidate Donald Trump who operates a massive conglomeration of business entities.The anti-Trump political angle is easily identifiable within the extensive article use of:  could have ,  might be ,  may have , phrases used throughout the woven narrative. Journalistic  narratives  are rarely based on facts.The identified $916 million single year operating income loss is no different than current losses of Amazon, Facebook, Twitter and a host of other corporations and businesses.Actually, Donald Trump s 1995 loss is smaller than the operating loss the New York Times reported when it sold the Boston Globe in 2013 for a net loss of $1.03 billion.The Times purchased the Boston Globe in  93 for $1.1 billion and sold it in 2013 for $70 million, a loss of $1.03 billion. However, for some reason it s doubtful the Times will publish their own 2013 tax returns. That doesn t meet the political need.THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN RELEASED THIS STATEMENT:Read more: Conservative Treehouse",0
12862,JUDGE JEANINE SCORCHES HILLARY: “You don’t support women…you destroy them!” [Video], ,0
12863,"CUBA’S GETTING NUCLEAR Reactors From Putin, While Obama Campaigns For Hillary","As our limp-wristed President flies around on taxpayer funded Air Force One campaigning for Hillary, Putin sells Castro s Cuba nuclear technology.Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 5, 2016A Russian government-controlled company signed an agreement to sell nuclear technology to Cuba this week.Cuba plans to purchase nuclear medical technology, radiation research, training for nuclear specialists, and staff to help manage radioactive waste. Ultimately, the country may purchase nuclear reactors and storage space for nuclear waste from Russia.This is not the first time Cuba has attempted to build a nuclear reactor. With the help and financial assistance of the former Soviet Union, Cuba tried the to build two 440-megawatt nuclear power reactors near the city of Cienfuegos. Construction of the reactors began in 1983, but the collapse of the Soviet Union disrupted construction.Former Cuban President Fidel Castro says that the country invested $1.1 billion into the project, and cost estimates to complete the partially constructed reactors range from $300 million to $750 million. The U.S. government has consistently opposed Cuba s plans to build a nuclear reactor, although President Barack Obama recently normalized relations with the country.Read more: Daily Caller",0
12864,BREAKING: HISPANIC MEN (Cowards) BEAT WOMAN IN FRONT YARD…Steal Yard Sign…Post Sickening Video Online,Leftist pigs inspired by the hateful rhetoric of Hillary and Obama s party So this happened  A group of Hispanics drove around their city to steal Trump signs.One young woman resisted their thievery so they beat her in her front yard.Obama s America.https://twitter.com/AusAesthetics/status/782140974847832064,0
12865,OOPS! #DEPLORABLE HILLARY JUST GOT BUSTED Offending Half Of Her Base: Called Bernie Sanders Supporters Basement Dwellers [VIDEO],"First, Hillary offended half of America when she called them a  basket full of deplorables :Hello #BasementDwellers, you aren't the only ones Hillary has categorized and demonized. #BasketOfDeplorables pic.twitter.com/EOIhfmyWXt  Asa J   (@asamjulian) October 1, 2016Now she s offended half of the Democrat base with this latest video that has been uncovered.An audio recording has surfaced, revealing Hillary Clinton speaking critically about young voters supporting Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT), saying they ve bought into a  false promise.   It s a false promise,  Clinton says in the recording, referencing Sanders  political revolution.  But I don t think you tell idealistic people   particularly young people   that they ve bought into a false promise. The audio, which was released by the Washington Free Beacon, comes just three weeks after Clinton faced backlash for calling millions of Americans supporting Donald Trump  deplorables. The recording, which is from a fundraising event in February, catches the Democratic nominee calling Sanders  supporters  children of the Great Recession  that are  living in their parents  basement. There is a strain of, on the one hand, the kind of populist, nationalist, xenophobic, discriminatory kind of approach that we hear too much of from the Republican candidates,  Clinton states.Watch:Via: Breitbart News",0
12866,TV HOST CRACKS UP As Protester Shows Up During Live Segment…Screams “Bill Clinton Is A Rapist!” [VIDEO],"Apparently this protester believes Americans should think twice before putting an accused serial rapist back into our White House:Protestor on Fox & Friends shouts ""Bill Clinton is a rapist!"" #BasementDwellers pic.twitter.com/9DPsTLanQu  Asa J   (@asamjulian) October 1, 2016Hillary has a different name for these women that most of us consider  victims :",0
12867,MN Taxpayers To Pay Rent For African Refugees While Visiting Homeland…Freeing Them From Financial Burden,"We re just wondering if the state of MN has ever considered giving US veterans the same consideration? Or is this an exclusive offer given to African refugees because they contribute so much to our economy or wait do they? In the USA, 91.4% of Muslim  refugees  are on food stamps and 68.3% are taking Cash Welfare. Here s a chart to show how much refugees are contributing to the overall economy. Via: Senator Jeff SessionsThe Minneapolis Housing Authority passed legislation this week that will allow migrants to skip their monthly rent in Minnesota when they travel back home to East Africa.The move was sought by local East African immigrants. Immigrants traveling for 30 to 90 days could apply for a hardship which will reduce their rent to $75 a month while they are gone. The Star Tribune reported:Public housing residents in Minneapolis will no longer need to pay their normal monthly rent when travel abroad erases their income, a change particularly sought by East African immigrants.The board of the Minneapolis Public Housing Authority approved this week reverting to its previous policy of collecting only minimal rent during extended absences. The change takes effect once approved by federal housing officials, which is expected by year s end.Abdi Warsame, a City Council member, told the board that the policy in place for the past five years works a particular hardship on elderly East Africans who must save for long periods if they want to visit their homelands. He said that many receive federal Supplemental Security Income, which is halted when the recipient is outside the United States.Yet the policy required people to keep paying rent, which is income-based. Travelers gone for 30 to 90 days could apply for a hardship, which meant that they paid the minimum $75 monthly rent during their absence, but were required to make up the difference between that and their normal rent over the next year or two.  GP",0
12868,CAN’T STOP LAUGHING! One Of “Bernie’s Basement Dwellers” On FOX Showing Off His Bill Clinton Rapist T-Shirt [Video],"Can t Stop Laughing! ??Bernie s #BasementDwellers are getting the msg out on Rapist Bill Clinton!Vote #TrumpPence16 pic.twitter.com/g8Z3RigXGh  John Miller (@cyvault) October 1, 2016",0
12869,"HILLARY SUPPORTERS Launch VILE ATTACK On Woman Hillary “Threatened” For Coming Forward With Rape Allegations Against Bill Clinton: “Hillary should have beat her up, not ‘silenced’ her. Liar”","Alleged Bill Clinton sexual victim Juanita Broderick hit back after Chelsea Clinton complained that her parents were always being  attacked  and is some sort of  tradition.  Her parents being attacked is a tradition? What about your father s victims of sexual assault? Is that some sort of tradition?Following the debate, Trump told the press that he was holding back on bringing up Bill Clinton s sexual predator history out of respect for Chelsea being in the audience.Chelsea, who apparently is okay with her father receiving oral sex in the Oval Office, and her mother berating and threatening his alleged sexual abuse victims, had this to say about Trump: It s a distraction from his inability to talk about what s actually at stake in this election and to offer concrete, comprehensive proposals about the economy, or our public school system, or debt-free college, or keeping our country safe and Americans safe here at home and around the world. And candidly, I don t remember a time in my life when my parents and my family weren t being attacked, and so it just sort of seems to be in that tradition, unfortunately.   Juanita Broderick hit back after Chelsea s disgusting flippant attitude about a woman who claims (one of many who have bravely come forward to expose Bill Clinton after being sexually assaulted by him) she was raped by her father:1. Here is my response to Chelsea Clinton's statement about her father's sexual misdeeds  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 28, 20162. Chelsea you said you don't remember a time in your life that your parents weren't being attacked.  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 28, 20163. There's a very good reason for this your parents are not good people.  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 28, 20164 your father was, and probably still is, a sexual predator. Your mother has always lied and covered up for him.  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 28, 20165. I say again ""I was 35 when Bill Clinton Raped me and Hillary tried to silence me. I am now 73. It never goes away"".  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 28, 2016Here s the vile way people who are supporting the FEMALE candidate for President responded:Another foul mouth. And he's from Canada. pic.twitter.com/NmnJIIFcMz  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 30, 2016And this one wants me beaten pic.twitter.com/rCKPUyuROz  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 30, 2016Now this idiot is saying I have been in prison. pic.twitter.com/yMhKb1i1kb  Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 30, 2016",0
12870,FBI DATA Shows Black-On-Black Murders Off The Charts During Obama Presidency…So Why Is Obama Chasing Cops From Black Neighborhoods?,"America has never seen two people living in the White House play the victim card with such frequency and with such passion. The truth of the matter is, Barack Obama and his race-obsessed wife will go down as two people who did less for the black community than any President in modern-day history.The data suggest that even as whites enjoy the benefits of improved public safety from the last two decades, blacks cannot do so in anything like the same way. In 2015, there was an overall 13 percent uptick in the murder tally compared to 2014, all of it concentrated in cities and neighborhoods where large numbers of black people live. Murder rose by more than 50 percent in Washington, D.C., and by 63 percent in Baltimore, which alone account for about 15 percent of the national increase.Black victims accounted for nearly two-thirds of the year-over-year increase, which translates to 944 additional black people murdered out of just under 1,500 additional victims nationwide. More than half of this increase (about 811 additional murders) came just from among blacks aged 17 to 39.Whatever the cause of last year s increase in murders, blacks were the only group represented so disproportionately within it. The number of Hispanic murder victims ticked up by 8 percent, about the same as the increase in white victims.These FBI data should alarm any person of good will who thinks that all black lives matter. They reveal a true and massive problem. The fact that most African-American murder victims were slain by other African-Americans (as most white victims are killed by other whites) should not lessen the appeal within the black community of a strong law and order message from political candidates. They would, after all, be the chief beneficiaries of strong law and order policies to precisely the same extent that they are currently the chief victims of rising violent crime.popThe data suggest that even as whites enjoy the benefits of improved public safety from the last two decades, blacks cannot do so in anything like the same way. In 2015, there was an overall 13 percent uptick in the murder tally compared to 2014, all of it concentrated in cities and neighborhoods where large numbers of black people live. Murder rose by more than 50 percent in Washington, D.C., and by 63 percent in Baltimore, which alone account for about 15 percent of the national increase.Black victims accounted for nearly two-thirds of the year-over-year increase, which translates to 944 additional black people murdered out of just under 1,500 additional victims nationwide. More than half of this increase (about 811 additional murders) came just from among blacks aged 17 to 39.Whatever the cause of last year s increase in murders, blacks were the only group represented so disproportionately within it. The number of Hispanic murder victims ticked up by 8 percent, about the same as the increase in white victims.Reuters   On the sidewalk of a public housing development in Brooklyn, New York notorious for gang violence and drug activity, the words  Fascist pig, go home!  in black spray paint are fading but still legible.These are the Marcy Houses, 27 brick H-block buildings, each six stories high, that are home to nearly 4,300 people, many of whom are black or Latino. The rapper Jay-Z, who grew up in the complex, described Marcy as  a block away from hell,  the place where  news cameras never come,  in a song called  Where I m From. In recent years, Marcy has had a group of very reliable visitors: the police, who patrol on foot and in cars as part of a controversial  broken windows  strategy that focuses on cracking down on small crimes to prevent bigger ones. Until three weeks ago, they had been an ever-present, highly visible presence in Marcy Houses.Now, the police have all but disappeared, raising safety concerns among some residents while pleasing others who view the police strategy as oppressive. A reporter saw only one police car on a visit on Thursday.These FBI data should alarm any person of good will who thinks that all black lives matter. They reveal a true and massive problem. The fact that most African-American murder victims were slain by other African-Americans (as most white victims are killed by other whites) should not lessen the appeal within the black community of a strong law and order message from political candidates. They would, after all, be the chief beneficiaries of strong law and order policies to precisely the same extent that they are currently the chief victims of rising violent crime. Via:Washington Examiner",0
12871,"WHAT WAS HE THINKING? DISHEVELED OBAMA YELLS From Air Force One At Bill Clinton: “Bill, Let’s Go!”", ,0
12872,BREAKING: HILLARY CAUGHT MOCKING Bernie Sanders Supporters In Leaked Audio…Donors Laugh [Audio],"We all know by now that Hillary Clinton will morph into whatever she needs to be to win votes to get back to the White House. Here s EXHIBIT 1 on just how far she ll go While speaking to a group of donors last February, Hillary mocked Bernie Sanders supporters and admitted the  free college  and  free healthcare are just a ploy to win the votes of millennials The Intercept had this to say about Clinton s flip flopping:Clinton has been inconsistent in the past about espousing political labels. She has at times touted herself as stalwart liberal. For instance, she said last July:  I take a backseat to no one when you look at my record in standing up and fighting for progressive values.  But a few months later, she told a group in Ohio:  You know, I get accused of being kind of moderate and center. I plead guilty. AUDIO OF CLINTON MOCKING BERNIE SUPPORTERSCLINTON: Some are new to politics completely. They re children of the Great Recession. And they are living in their parents  basement. They feel they got their education and the jobs that are available to them are not at all what they envisioned for themselves. And they don t see much of a future. I met with a group of young black millennials today and you know one of the young women said,  You know, none of us feel that we have the job that we should have gotten out of college. And we don t believe the job market is going to give us much of a chance.  So that is a mindset that is really affecting their politics. And so if you re feeling like you re consigned to, you know, being a barista, or you know, some other job that doesn t pay a lot, and doesn t have some other ladder of opportunity attached to it, then the idea that maybe, just maybe, you could be part of a political revolution is pretty appealing. So I think we should all be really understanding of that and should try to do the best we can not to be, you know, a wet blanket on idealism. We want people to be idealistic. We want them to set big goals. But to take what we can achieve now and try to present them as bigger goals.",0
12873,THE TRUTH About Alicia Machado BLOWS UP…Backfires BIG-TIME On Hillary’s Dirty Campaign! [Video],Hillary should have done her homework before she chose this former Miss Universe to disparage Trump s character ,0
12874,"HILLARY COUGHING AGAIN, NEEDS ASSISTANCE WALKING At Tiny Rally In Ft. Pierce Florida [VIDEO]","Hillary fights back a cough at a tiny rally in Ft. Pierce, Florida:https://twitter.com/Always_Trump/status/781909679001706496Here she is starting to walk down the stairs when she realizes she needs assistance. Can someone get this liar a walker?Steps are the enemy of people with Parkinson's.#HillarysHealthpic.twitter.com/iEJgEBZAPB#ClintonScandals #FollowTheMoney@realDonaldTrump  Boca Vista (@bocavista2016) September 30, 2016Meanwhile, Trump is speaking to thousands of people packed into the Suburban Showcase in the blue state of MI, where people waited in the rain for hours to get the chance see him. ",0
12875,LIBERAL RAGS LIKE USA TODAY Working Overtime To Destroy Trump…Here’s Proof Americans Aren’t Listening,"IF YOU HAVEN T FIGURED IT OUT YET THE LIBERAL MAIN STREAM MEDIA IS WORKING OVERTIME TO LITERALLY DESTROY TRUMP The American people are rebelling against the lies and distortions from liberal rags like USA Today and other local news organizations. In this day of social media pushing the news, it s great that people can get the truth from other sources like Twitter or Facebook.Trump now leads in Nevada, Colorado, Iowa, Ohio and North Carolina   all states Barack Obama won his first term   according to Real Clear Politics averages. THEY TRY TO DESCRIBE TRUMP BUT END UP DESCRIBING HILLARY CLINTON TO A TEE! IT S HYSTERICAL!WHO MAKES UP THESE  EDITORIAL BOARDS  ANYWAY?It didn t go so far as to endorse Hillary Clinton   or, for that matter, libertarian Gary Johnson   but what USA Today wrote Thursday night about Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump made it clear who the publication s editorial board does not, under any circumstance, want in the White House next year.In its 34 years of existence, USA Today has had a no-endorsement policy. In a historic first that breaks 34 years of tradition, the board decided this election season to revisit its no-endorsement policy   then threw it out and penned a scathing critique of the GOP nominee that read more like an anti-endorsement.Trump, they wrote, is  unfit for the presidency. From the day he declared his candidacy 15 months ago through this week s first presidential debate, Trump has demonstrated repeatedly that he lacks the temperament, knowledge, steadiness and honesty that America needs from its presidents,  the board wrote.  Whether through indifference or ignorance, Trump has betrayed fundamental commitments made by all presidents since the end of World War II. THIS DESCRIBES HILLARY TO A TEE:The editorial calls him her  erratic,   ill-equipped to be commander in chief  and  a serial liar. Via: WaPo ",0
12876,NO! OBSCURE FUND OF BILLIONS To Be Used To “Shore Up” Obamacare,"The Obama administration is maneuvering to pay health insurers billions of dollars the government owes under the Affordable Care Act, through a move that could circumvent Congress and help shore up the president s signature legislative achievement before he leaves office.Justice Department officials have privately told several health plans suing over the unpaid money that they are eager to negotiate a broad settlement, which could end up offering payments to about 175 health plans selling coverage on ACA marketplaces, according to insurance executives and lawyers familiar with the talks.The payments most likely would draw from an obscure Treasury Department fund intended to cover federal legal claims, the executives and lawyers said. This approach would get around a recent congressional ban on the use of Health and Human Services money to pay the insurers.Read more: WaPo",0
12877,UN NEWS AGENCY SCRUBS TWEET Calling On Americans Abroad To ‘Stop Trump’,"The United Nations News Centre   the official U.N. news service   tweeted, then quickly pulled, a post that called for  8 million Americans abroad  to  stop Trump. The tweet, published at 9:14 p.m. ET on Thursday, urged American expats to share a voter registration tool on the website of the activist organization Avaaz that states,  U.S. Citizens abroad could defeat Trump   if they voted. The Web page, titled  The October surprise that will end Trump,  allows users to sign up for help registering to vote in the Nov. 8 presidential election and encourages them enlist their friends as well.  At a time when Trump is trying to divide us, we could help defeat him if we all share this page with EVERYONE. Let s reach every US voter abroad,  it reads. The tweet was deleted within 20 minutes, without explanation. Ari Gaitanis, chief of the U.N. News Services Section, which oversees the twitter account, said it was a mistake. Read more: Politico",0
12878,‘SOUTH PARK’ MOCKS HILLARY CLINTON: Hilarious Takeoff On Robotic and Overly Scripted Debate Performance, South Park parodied former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as over-prepared to the point where she can only repeat the instructions her staff has given her.Read more: BPR,0
12879,AWKWARD INTERVIEW TIME: R & B SINGER MARY J. BLIGE And Hillary Sit Down For A Weird Singing Interview [Video],"Mary J. Blige has a beautiful voice but this sit down with Hillary is just awkward. It s really odd that Hillary acts so phony and stiff during this singing interview. We re not buyin  it! We re betting HRC is thinking she d rather be in her jammie onesie with a zippy cup of chardonnay by her side. Inauthentic doesn t even come close to what this is gag worthy but funny at the same time.Like you ve never seen them before.@MaryJBlige sits down with @HillaryClinton.#The411 Coming September 30th.https://t.co/hbaWqfjJcp pic.twitter.com/P2qpm3h3Pm  Apple Music (@AppleMusic) September 27, 2016 Moonbattery had this to say about the song  American Skin : The song,  American Skin (41 Shots),  is Bruce Springsteen s irritating exploitation of African immigrant Amadou Diallo getting shot by police who thought he was shooting at them in the Bronx in 1999. The outrageously unfair and irresponsible song, which implies that Diallo was killed on purpose for being black, inspired a boycott of Springsteen s shows by the NYC Patrolmen s Benevolent Association.Shrillary appears to be going whole hog with the Black Lives Matter pandering.",0
12880,EMBARRASSING: THE VIEW’S Angry Femi-Nazi’s Are No Match For Trump’s Brilliant FEMALE Campaign Manager [VIDEO],"It s amazing these leftist hacks haven t been cancelled yet. Apparently there are still women out there with nothing better to do than watch a show about women who, for the most part consider themselves victims.Donald Trump s outstanding female campaign manger handles this pack of hyenas like a pro. Joy Behar and Whoopie Goldberg are both on the verge of needing emergency medical care they are so worked up about the success of Donald Trump with America voters. It s easy to see why Trump chose Kellyanne Conway after watching her performance.  After watching these vultures go after Kellyanne Conway, it s easy to see why Trump won t give them the time of day.Part II:",0
12881,PRO-TRUMP POSTERS USING APPLE LOGO Pop Up All Over HOLLYWOOD: “Think Different”,This is a beautiful thing! Art Wing Conspiracy produced posters that represent the Apple logo but they have the Trump profile within the apple. See what they did there? The poster is plastered on the outside of the former Bernie Sanders headquarters in Hollywood. ,0
12882,THIS WILL MAKE YOUR WEEK! Do You Want To Build A Wall? Jump On The Trump Train! [Video], ,0
12883,OUCH! WATCH: Sneaky Liberal Gets Electrocuted While Trying To Steal Trump Sign From Neighbors Lawn," Punishment is not for revenge, but to lessen crime and reform the criminal  -Elizabeth FryThis homeowner was apparently sick and tired of having his Trump sign stolen, so he provided a little booby-trap for the next sneaky liberal who attempted to steal his personal property. Enjoy:",0
12884,SICKENING: Obama Lectures Gold Star Mom…Islamic Terrorism Is “Manufactured” [VIDEO],"During Wednesday s Presidential Town Hall on CNN, President Obama was asked by Gold Star mother Tina Houchins why he doesn t use the term  Islamic terrorist,  which Obama stated was a  sort of manufactured  issue before outlining the reasons why he doesn t use the term.Houchins asked,  As a Gold Star mother, my son gave his life for acts of terrorism. Do you still believe that the acts of terrorism are done with a self-proclaimed Islamic religious motives? And if you do, why do you refuse to use the term racially   I m sorry,  Islamic terrorist?   BreitbartObama goes through the whole litany of horrific acts ISIS commits (all of which are condoned by the Quran) and insists that the ISLAMIC State of Iraq and Syria has NOTHING to do with Islam.Watch our Jack-Ass-In-Chief arrogantly address this Gold-Star mom with his defense of Islam:",0
12885,BRILLIANT! P.J. O’ROURKE Casts His Vote For The Winner Of The Presidential Debate: “Don’t insult the voters.”,"Report From the First Presidential DebateBy P.J. O Rourke On Monday night, presidential candidates Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton met for their first head-to-head debate. What was the evening s big news? Deion Jones returned a 90-yard interception to score a touchdown and cap the Atlanta Falcons  victory over the New Orleans Saints, 45-32! I didn t get to see that, though. I was watching the presidential debate   so you didn t have to. Compared with the NFL matchup, watching the presidential debate was like standing on the sidelines at a flag football game between a couple of Montessori schools. The only talented player on the field was NBC anchor Lester Holt, and what Holt was talented at was piling on Trump and making late hits for Team Hillary. The candidates themselves were no good. Trump has the gut issues going for him. But he can t articulate them well enough to make your reasoning fully agree with the feeling in the pit of your stomach. And he has trouble giving concise and to-the-point examples of what he means. Trump is too fond of the  broad stroke.  He s trying to paint a detailed picture of what s wrong with American politics while using only a four-inch brush. Hillary is good with the details   too good. Details are all she has. Lots and lots of highly detailed little thises and thats. Like she s furnishing a dollhouse instead of filling the White House. Hillary kept saying,  I have a plan.  It s a phrase that always sets off alarms for me. People who really have a plan are acting on the plan, not standing around saying they have one.  I have a plan  is right up there with  Hold my beer and watch this!  Who won the debate? That assumes it was a debate. It wasn t. It was a tedious rehash of issues that both candidates had already made a hash of. This was interspersed with some name-calling that commentators characterized as  heated,   harsh,  or even  scorching.  Which shows what wimps these commentators are. None of it would get you punched in the nose on the playground. Hillary had the best riposte. She brought up the notion, yet again, that Donald is someone who shouldn t be allowed anywhere near the nuclear launch codes. Trump:  That s getting old.  Hillary:  But good.  And Trump had, by far, the best line. He saved it for the very end:  Hillary has experience, but it s bad experience.  The winner was whomever you wanted to win. As far as I can tell from clicking around sources on the Internet, the candidate who won was the candidate that the source in question had already decided to declare victorious. It reminded me of Soviet judges scoring Olympic gymnastics back during the Cold War. Thus, the Washington Post and all its opinion columnists said Hillary won. Ditto for the New York Times. And in CNN s instant viewer polling, 62% of respondents gave the laurels to Hillary. On the other hand, the Drudge Report s instant polling awarded Trump the prize by 82%. And Charles Krauthammer   who, to my mind, is the smartest person on TV   called the debate  something like a draw.  Did we  learn  anything from the presidential debate? Short answer: No. Long answer: No. And yet, the debate turned out to be highly informative   if you turned the sound off. The event was broadcast with a split screen so that each candidate was visible while the other was talking (or, to use a technical term,  blabbing ). The blab was dull, but the expressions on the candidates  faces were fascinating. Trump was serious of mien. He was concentrating intently on what Hillary was saying. He sometimes developed a little twitch of annoyance. Other times, he wore a small frown of disagreement. But mostly, he looked deeply thoughtful. (And let s be frank, this is a man who could stand to do a bit more deep thinking.) Hillary is supposed to have a whole bunch of deep thoughts   concerning her endlessly convoluted plans to fix all the problems under the sun. But there she was, thoughtlessly making rude grimaces whenever Trump spoke. Mom always said,  You shouldn t make faces because your face may get stuck that way.  Hillary s face got stuck that way. She spent the whole evening with a wipe-that-look-off-your-face look on her face. She smirked. She sneered. She radiated smugness. She repeatedly mugged for the camera with a ham actor s pantomime  gasp of disbelief.  Except she is no actor. It came off like a cheap infomercial for new dentures. She indulged in nasty smiles of condescension. She adopted a pout that said,  What s a smarty like me doing with a dummy like him?  Hillary had an air about her as if she just couldn t believe that somehow, oh my gosh, she had been dragged up on stage to debate a talking dog. Hillary had a plan for the debate. Of course she did. Hillary has a plan for everything. And she stuck to her plan. The plan was to be utterly dismissive of Trump and anyone who backs him and to treat every single thing he has to say with total contempt. As I ve said before, I m not happy with either of these presidential candidates. It s a tough election. Do you roll the dice with Trump? Or do you let Hillary just set the bones down on the table, so you crap out again like always? I don t care, personally, if Hillary mocks Trump. But I do care, personally, when the nature of democracy itself is mocked. Trump is a man who decisively triumphed in the contest for the Republican Party s presidential nomination. And he is, as of the latest polling, in a dead heat with Hillary in the presidential race. When Hillary doesn t treat Trump with any measure of respect for the public support that he has achieved, she isn t insulting him, she s insulting American voters. If politics in a democracy has one rule, it s,  Don t insult the voters.  Regards, P.J. O Rourke",0
12886,LIBERAL DUMMY GARY JOHNSON Can’t Name One Foreign Leader [VIDEO],"Maybe comedy is a better career choice for Gary Gary Johnson, the Libertarian nominee for president, had been raring for Wednesday night s  town hall  on MSNBC. He had been cut from the first televised debate after missing the polling threshold, and he had not been invited when the network hosted a  commander-in-chief forum  with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. This was their consolation prize,  Johnson told The Washington Post this week when asked about the MSNBC special.  It was put to us that, look, you weren t in this initial program. Here s what we d like to offer in lieu of being with the two major-party candidates. And I said,  An hour of prime time Chris Matthews? I ll take it.   But the hour didn t go as planned. Johnson, who had been pilloried for blanking on the relevance of the Syrian city of Aleppo in another MSNBC interview, whiffed his way through an even easier foreign policy question. Who s your favorite foreign leader?  Matthews asked. Who s my favorite?  Johnson replied. Anywhere in the continents,  Matthews said.  Any country. Name one foreign leader that you look up to. William Weld, Johnson s running mate, chimed in with an assist:  I m with Shimon Peres. I m talking about living, okay?  Matthews said.  You gotta do this. Any continent. Canada, Mexico? I guess I m having an Aleppo moment,  Johnson said. In the whole world!  Matthews said.  Anybody in the world. I know, I know,  Johnson said. Pick any leader,  Matthews said. The former president of Mexico,  Johnson said. Which one?  Matthews said. I m having a brain freeze,  Johnson said.Weld, who had left the governor s office in Massachusetts in an unsuccessful attempt to become ambassador to Mexico, began naming the country s former presidents.  Fox? Zedillo? Calderon? Fox,  Johnson said with a combination of jubilation and relief.  He was terrific. ",0
12887,YOU WON’T BELIEVE THIS! CALIFORNIA GOVERNOR’S Desperate Move To Help Elect Hillary," I wrote AB 2466 because I want to send a message to the nation that California will not stand for discrimination in voting California Gov. Jerry Brown signs bill allowing felons to vote from their jail cells pic.twitter.com/6bhKD4hOZJ  FOX & Friends (@foxandfriends) September 29, 2016Despite widespread opposition from law enforcement, Gov. Jerry Brown on Wednesday signed a bill that will allow thousands of felons in county jails to vote in California elections as part of an effort to speed their transition back into society.Through a representative, Brown declined to comment on the bill by Assemblywoman Shirley Weber (D-San Diego), who said it would reduce the likelihood of convicts committing new crimes. Civic participation can be a critical component of re-entry and has been linked to reduced recidivism,  Weber said when the bill was introduced.On Wednesday, Weber said California is setting an example at a time when other state s are trying to limit voting rights. I wrote AB 2466 because I want to send a message to the nation that California will not stand for discrimination in voting,  Weber said Wednesday after the bill was signed.Sen. Patricia Bates (R-Laguna Niguel) criticized the approval of the legislation, which takes effect Jan. 1.Bates said the new law will undermine the integrity of elections by allowing people in jail to decide close contest. It is very disappointing that felons still serving their sentences behind bars will now be able to vote since Governor Brown failed to veto this really bad bill,  Bates said in a statement.Read more: LA Times",0
12888,HILLARY Calls On CRANKY SOCIALIST She Stole Election From To Sway Free Sh*t Voters [VIDEO],"Poor Bernie. He s been a public servant his whole life and what does he have to show for it? After Hillary stole the election from him, he still agreed to endorse her. Suddenly, Bernie had enough money to buy 3rd home on beautiful Lake Champlain, where the one-percenters Bernie rails against call home. What s in it for Bernie now? Why, after months of being silent, is he hitting the campaign trail for Hillary? Could he and his lovely wife be in the market for a 4th home? Perhaps he s vying a cabinet position? What about Secretary of Free Sh*t For Everyone? Who better for such a position than the self-described Socialist who rails against the 1%, while simultaneously enjoying the lifestyle of the rich and famous. Ahh the hypocrisy of the Left. There s nothing quite like it Hillary Clinton, campaigning here Wednesday with Sen. Bernie Sanders, worked to sway millennial voters by promoting a plan to make public college tuition-free for working families.In a University of New Hampshire gym packed with students, Clinton sought to connect with those facing sometimes insurmountable college debt. Clinton said that when she graduated from college herself, she repaid her loans as a percentage of her income, which allowed her to take a low-paying public service job with the Children s Defense Fund. I could never have done that if I had the kind of interest rates a lot of people are facing,  she told a crowd estimated at 1,200.  We are going to fix it. This is wrong. Clinton said when she taught law in Arkansas she met many students who scraped together money for tuition but were sidelined by financial hardships, including broken-down cars or child-care problems.Clinton noted that New Hampshire has the highest proportion of students with debt and the second-highest average debt per student. She said she aims to make public colleges and universities tuition-free for families earning less than $125,000 per year, to make community college free, and to help students refinance their college debt. When you add it up, our plan will help millions of people save thousands of dollars,  she said.  USA TodayYeah because giving people free sh*t that would normally cost tens of thousands and in some cases even hundreds of thousands of dollars to people who are unwilling to sacrifice and work hard to pay off their debt obligations, while asking hard-working Americans who can barely make their own ends meet, to pick up the students  tab is a great idea. That ought to go over real well with the working Americans you re asking to pay for your ridiculous vote getting scheme Hillary For anyone who has the stomach, here is their rally together in its entirety: ",0
12889,BOOM! SMUG NEWSPAPER EDITORS Endorse Hillary…Phone Lines Blow Up With Subscription CANCELLATIONS,"Smug liberal newspapers and tv networks have paid a heavy price  for their criticism of Trump. Americans think of Trump as the underdog in this race and there s nothing worse than piling on the underdog. For these liberal hacks who have been writing their leftist opinions as opposed to real news for decades, they re about to find out what it means to be considered irrelevant by their former readers The subscription cancellations were coming every 10 minutes. Angry readers have been calling in droves. We re feeling the weight of our history,  Phil Boas, the editorial page editor of The Arizona Republic, said in a telephone interview on Wednesday. Until it endorsed Hillary Clinton on Tuesday, the newspaper, founded in 1890, had never endorsed a Democrat over a Republican for president.In endorsing Mrs. Clinton, The Republic s editorial was, by any interpretation, scathing toward her opponent, Donald J. Trump.  Trump responds to criticism with the petulance of verbal spit wads,  the editorial says at one point.  That s beneath our national dignity. The papers lay out different reasons for supporting Mrs. Clinton over Mr. Trump   his lack of political experience versus her established political career, his outbursts and insults versus her steadiness   and some are perhaps more repudiations of Mr. Trump than glowing endorsements of Mrs. Clinton, whose faults are also cited.For some readers, however, the endorsements proved a step too far.  Certainly, we ve paid a price for our presidential recommendation,  Mike Wilson, the editor of The Dallas Morning News, told Poynter this month.Mr. Boas of The Arizona Republic said he expected  a lot of cancellations,  pointing to cancellations at The Cincinnati Enquirer, which like The Republic, is owned by Gannett.But he said financial considerations were  never a factor  for the newspaper s nine-person editorial board.  It was more of a curiosity,  he said.  We know we re doing the right thing. We feel very good about this decision.  New York TimesGood luck with that whole  feeling good  thing when your paper is shut down because you can t pay your liberal editors ",0
12890,HILLARY SUPPORTER AND MUSLIM IMMIGRANT Who Shot Up Mall Voted In Last 3 Elections…Isn’t An American Citizen [VIDEO],"This story is a perfect example of why Barack and Hillary are in such a big hurry to bring foreigners into our country. It doesn t matter if American citizens are on the hook to support them and their extended families for decades to come. What matters is how they vote, and it s pretty clear by this discovery about this Muslim immigrant, he not only supports Hillary, he s been ILLEGALLY voting in the last 3 elections!The Cascade Mall shooting suspect, Arcan Cetin, may face an additional investigation related to his voting record and citizenship status.Federal sources confirm to KING 5 that Cetin was not a U.S. citizen, meaning legally he cannot vote. However, state records show Cetin registered to vote in 2014 and participated in three election cycles, including the May presidential primary.Cetin, who immigrated to the United States from Turkey as a child, is considered a permanent resident or green card holder. While a permanent resident can apply for U.S. citizenship after a certain period of time, sources tell KING his status had not changed from green card holder to U.S. citizen.",0
12891,"ENABLERS WHO LIVE IN GLASS HOUSES…Why Hillary Embracing Porn Star, Former Beauty Queen Will Backfire","The woman whose husband made several trips to pedophile island with his convicted pedophile friend, billionaire Jeffrey Epstein mocks Trump for  liking to be around beauty contests ? Hillary used what she thought would be a good zinger against Trump during the debate when she boldly stated,  He loves beauty contests, supporting them and hanging around with them.  Really Hillary? Don t you wish your own husband limited his desire for other women to simply enjoying being around them? Think of how many less women you d have to threaten to keep quiet if Bill only looked at other women and didn t actually sexually assault them.Hillary Clinton s new anti-Trump poster child is literally a porn star who was accused of driving the getaway vehicle for a murder attempt and later threatening to kill a judge.But the media is saying Trump is the villain of the piece because he once said she was overweight (despite CNN reporting the same thing).Let that sink in.Hillary brought up Alicia Machado, who won the Miss Universe pageant owned by Trump in 1996, during the debate on Monday night, claiming that Trump once called her  Miss Piggy  because she gained a lot of weight while representing the pageant.The whole stunt was designed to play into Hillary s  feminist  image and portray Trump as anti-women.Donald Trump once called a woman overweight vs Hillary Clinton repeatedly threatening Bill Clinton s sexual abuse victims.Which story is the media interested in and which one won t they touch? No prizes for guessing the correct answer.But that s not even the worst part of it.Machado, who is now a fully signed up Hillary campaign surrogate, was accused of driving a getaway car to aid her boyfriend in a plot to murder his brother-in-law at the funeral of the dead man s wife and then threatening to kill the judge who was in charge of convicting Juan Rodriguez Reggeti.Despite giving conflicting stories on where she was at the time, the judge said there was insufficient evidence to prove she was at the scene of the crime.When CNN s Anderson Cooper confronted Machado with her own sordid past, she didn t try to deny it, simply waving her hand and scoffing,  I have my past, everybody has a past, I m not a saint. ",0
12892,NEW YORK MAN SHOCKED To Discover Who Was Stealing His Trump Signs: ‘This is supposed to be the United States’,"A New York man was stunned this week to find out who stole his Donald Trump yard signs   the former vice president of academic affairs at a local college.Charlie Tulumello of Amherst put recording equipment in his yard after pro-Trump yard signs kept disappearing in the middle of the night. Seven signs in total disappeared before the culprit   former Keuka College administrator Norman Muir   was finally caught.  The first ones I thought maybe they were kids, pranks,  Mr. Tulumello told a local CBS News affiliate Monday.  This is supposed to be the United States of America. Free speech. Those things are not supposed to be done.  Mr. Tulumello told the station that his wife was  uneasy  at night as the theft continued, so he put up a special sign warning people to stay off his property.  Didn t work. This fella just kept coming,  the New Yorker said.  I was aggravated, angry. This person comes up on my property in the middle of the night. You don t know what to think. I mean, these are stupid signs, but you re coming onto my property in the middle of the night, stealing. That s not right. Via: WT",0
12893,BREAKING: SENATE STRIKES BACK After Obama Slaps 9/11 Victim’s Families In The Face….Vote 97-1,"WASHINGTON   The House and Senate Wednesday voted to reject President Obama s veto of legislation allowing lawsuits against foreign sponsors of terrorism in the first successful override of a presidential veto since Obama took office.The president had vetoed the legislation Friday because he said the bill   known as the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, or JASTA   would infringe on the president s ability to conduct foreign policy. It was the 12th veto of his presidency.But after an intense, lengthy push by 9/11 survivors and families of victims who want to sue Saudi Arabia based on claims the country played a role in the 2001 terror attack, even Obama s Democratic allies on Capitol Hill voted to override his veto. The final vote tally in the Senate was 97-1. Minority Leader Harry Reid, D-.Nev., cast the sole vote against override. In our polarized politics of today, this is pretty much close to a miraculous occurrence,  said Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas. Democrats and Republicans in both chambers have agreed, he said, that the bill  gives the victims of the terrorist attack on our own soil an opportunity to seek the justice they deserve. .Read more: USA Today",0
12894,BOMBSHELL DISCOVERY: RADICAL Muslim Father of Hillary’s Top Aide Huma Abedin Advocated For Forced SHARIA LAW,"The same woman who has been privy to our nations top secret classified information through our reckless former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, has a father who openly advocated for state sponsored Sharia Law and a mother who Abedin s mother founded an aid organization in the 1990s that was tied to the Muslim Brotherhood. This is the same Secretary of State whose largest contributors to the Clinton Foundation Hillary s campaign slush fund are from majority Muslim nations who police Sharia Law. Abed in is also currently serving as Vice Chair to Hillary Clinton s campaign. Is this a coincidence?In August 2016, we reported that Huma Abedin made a surprise visit to Dearborn, MI. with absolutely no press coverage by the mainstream media. As a side note, Dearborn, MI has the largest population of Muslims in America.According to the Arab American News: Huma Abedin, vice chair for the Hillary for America campaign, met with Arab and Muslim American leaders on Aug. 11, to discuss issues that matter to the community.During her speech, Abedin praised the patriotism and heroism of Muslims across the country, including the Khan family, a Muslim Gold Star family whose son, Captain Human Khan, was killed in Iraq while protecting his fellow service members.STUNNING DEVELOPMENTSyed Abedin, the father of top Hillary Clinton aide Huma, outlined his view of Sharia law and how the Western world has turned Muslims  hostile  during a wide-ranging video interview that shines newfound light on the reclusive thinker s world views, according to footage exclusively obtained by the Washington Free Beacon.Abedin, a Muslim scholar who was tied to the Saudi Arabian government until his death in 1993, has remained somewhat of a mystery as the media turns its eye to his daughter Huma, a top Clinton campaign aide who recently announced her separation from husband Anthony Weiner following his multiple sex scandals.Syed Abedin explained his views on the Muslim world and spread of Islam during a 1971 interview titled The World of Islam, which was first broadcast on Western Michigan University television.Abedin said that Arab states must police the upholding of Sharia, or Islamic law, and explained why the majority of Muslims view Israel and the Western world in primarily  hostile  terms.The video provides a window into the Abedin family s ideology, which has been marred by accusations it is connected to the Muslim Brotherhood.Abedin, who was then a professor in the university s college of general studies, said that Western intervention in the Arab world has sparked a backlash among many faithful Muslims. The response to the West has been of two kinds,  Abedin said.  By and large the response has taken more of a hostile form. The first impulse of the average Muslim in the Islamic world is that this kind of borrowing [culturally] would be somehow an alien factor into our social fabric and thereby destroying the integrity of our ethos   the integrity of our culture,  he added.In a separate discussion on the state s role in a person s life, Abedin said it is necessary to police the application of Sharia law. The state has to take over  as Muslim countries evolve, he argued.  The state is stepping in in many countries   where the state is now overseeing that human relationships are carried on on the basis of Islam. The state also under Islam has a right to interfere in some of these rights given to the individual by the Sharia.  For entire story: WFBHuman Abedin s mother   who was the Muslim World League s delegate to the UN conference   wrote in a 1996 article that Clinton anentire   d other speakers were advancing a  very aggressive and radically feminist  agenda that was un-Islamic and wrong because it focused on empowering women She seemed to rationalize domestic abuse as a result of  the stress and frustrations that men encounter in their daily lives.  While denouncing such violence, she didn t think it did much good to punish men for it. ",0
12895,REAL-TIME DEBATE Graph Shows Trump CRUSHED Hillary With Independent Voters…A MUST WATCH!,"This unbelievable graph should put the question of,  Who won the independent vote during the first debate  to bed Frank Luntz was tracking real-time views of independent voters  reactions to Hillary and Trump during the debate on Monday night. Watch what happens to Hillary s green line when she speaks vs. Trump s red line when he speaks.This is how  undecided  American voters really feel:Watch the ""undecided"" line when Hillary talks vs. when Trump talks.Trump is really winning tonight. #DebateNight pic.twitter.com/RTieC8dlKC  Frank Luntz (@FrankLuntz) September 27, 2016",0
12896,"TRUMP SUPPORTERS REACT TO DEBATE: “Clinton News Network (CNN) no longer picks our President”…Florida Gives Trump ROCK STAR Treatment…Fire Marshall Turns 12,000 Away","MELBOURNE, FL is a town with a population of 76,000. Trump held an enormous rally there yesterday, and over 15,000 people had to be turned away.Unbelievable evening in Melbourne, Florida w/ 15,000 supporters- and an additional 12,000 who could not get in. Thank you! #TrumpTrain #MAGA pic.twitter.com/2N3Xq7AGmx  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 28, 2016""Post Debate Surge""   media will be very upset. Look at this sea of ppl yesterday. Ppl get it. pic.twitter.com/RX0XVw18gg  Juliana Stone (@AY4WEB) September 28, 2016Trump patriots honor our flag:Janna Ivey, the Brevard sheriff's daughter, sings the national anthem during the @FlyMLB Trump rally #321Vote @Florida_Today pic.twitter.com/GBSKapRG1C  Rick Neale (@RickNeale1) September 27, 2016Watch hundreds of Trump fans rush from behind barricades to get into the rally:Authorities cut off the Trump entry line, and hundreds of people rushed forward from behind barricades #321Vote @Florida_Today pic.twitter.com/9it8El9C3S  Rick Neale (@RickNeale1) September 27, 2016https://twitter.com/rgcdm/status/781093464389787649Even the young Trump supporter is not buying into the media s bias:Mainstream media will be losing their mind over Trump's post debate surge! Trump won big in the debate in many polls. Landslide coming!  MAGA (@steve0m2) September 28, 2016Hillary Clinton on the other hand had barely 400 people at her rally Tuesday in Raleigh, North Carolina.Since August 1st when both parties  conventions concluded, Trump has had more than 312,000 people at his events with thousands turned away due to space limitations. He has set records for some of these locations in attendance. However, Hillary has only had 12,000 total at her rallies since August 1st. Gateway Pundit",0
12897,“LIE” WITNESS NEWS: JIMMY KIMMEL SHOW Asks People What They Thought Of Debate…DAY BEFORE Debates Happened [VIDEOS],"It s hard to imagine so many people would lie to the this reporter about a debate they never saw. But we are living in the  Age of Hillary  where lying is perfectly acceptable if you re attempting to reach a lifelong goal of breaking a glass ceiling (or 13 cellphones) with a hammer!Not that we re keeping score, but only one of these liars was a Trump supporter.Enjoy!",0
12898,WHOA! Medical Expert Watching Debate Exposes ANOTHER Telltale Sign Hillary Likely Has PARKINSON’S DISEASE [VIDEO],"How many more symptoms need to be uncovered before Hillary comes clean? Why would anyone want to take on the position of Commander In Chief if they aren t even well enough to walk without assistance? In the tunnel to Clinton s vehicle after the debate, Secret Service used pointer flash lights pointing at the ground in front of Clinton s feet (watch carefully) in order to guide Hillary through the tunnel to/into her vehicle.Hillary entered the opposite (hidden side) of vehicle so the camera cannot see her entry.Pointer or Laser lights are used for Parkinson s patients. Dr. Ted Noel discussed pointers used for Parkinson s patients in a recent video:No lasers were used to assist Trump into or around his vehicle by secret service:Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
12899,THIS ONE VERY IMPORTANT THING THE MEDIA MISSED That Tells You How The Candidates Feel About America, ,0
12900,"DEBATE DISASTER FOR HILLARY: Why A Room Full Of Democrats, Undecided Voters In PA Bar Turned To Trump","While pundits at MSNBC, CNN, FOX and the major networks appear before the cameras in full make-up telling millions of viewers who won the debate, middle America was making up their minds that one candidate no longer represented their values, and certainly didn t care about their jobs. Hillary may have won over the voters who don t care that she is a ruthless woman who has scratched, and clawed her way to the top, simply because she comes equipped with the proper genitalia. But in the real world, voters are looking for a President who they can trust to protect and defend their jobs, someone who doesn t put the urgency of taxing Americans to solve  man-made  global warming before our national security or before the opportunity to put food on their table or pay for braces for their teenagers YOUNGSTOWN, Pa.   Ken Reed sat down at main bar of the Tin Lizzy tavern with two things in mind, to dig into the tavern s oversized cheese steak and watch the presidential debate. I am hungry and undecided in that order,  he said digging into the savory dish in a bar that dates back to 1746.Kady Letoksy, a paralegal by day, a waitress and bartender at night at the Tin Lizzy sat beside him, at 28 she has never voted before, she is now thinking it might be a good idea.Letosky entered the evening undecided in a town that is heavily Democratic in registration, her Dad she says is  extremely liberal  her sister the opposite.  Trump had the upper-hand this evening,  she said, citing his command of the back-and-forth between her and Clinton.Reed, 35, is a registered Democrat and small businessman,  By the end of the debate, Clinton never said a thing to persuade me that she had anything to offer me or my family or my community,  he said sitting at the same bar that had local icons as regulars, such as the late Fred Rogers, and Arnold Palmer who had his own stash of PM Whiskey hidden behind newer bottles of whiskey for his regular visits. Have to say Trump had the edge this evening, he came out swinging but also talked about specifics on jobs and the economy,  Reed said.Reed said Clinton came across as either smug or as though she was reading her resume, adding there was nothing on her resume that reached his life,  I am a small businessman, a farmer, come from a long line of farmers and coal miners, the policies she talked about tonight ultimately either hurt me or ignore me,  he said.That is how today s cosmopolitan and political classes view Main Street voters   as people whose values, traditions, skills, jobs, and lives are being replaced by something new. I ve been a Democrat all of my life, but when Clinton mentions her husband and the jobs he brought to the country in the nineties it s not a fair assessment, she is no moderate Democrat the way he was, her policies would not bring back jobs,  said Nathan Nemick.It burns Nemick when Clinton references her husband, like she did in the debate on trade and jobs,  She is nothing like him,  he said of the Democrat he admired in his youth.Pennsylvania is a high-stakes state for both candidates, but particularly Clinton, and Westmoreland is a high-stakes county, particularly for Trump.She needs to win this state, and he needs not just to win this county but to do so by 2,000 more votes than Mitt Romney did in 2012.Westmoreland is one of about 10 formerly or traditionally Democrat-blue counties across the state where Trump must drive up a higher-than-normal turnout, or even flip them to Republican-red, in order to offset an anticipated high turnout for Clinton in Philadelphia.Between 1960 and 2000, Westmoreland County Democrats handily won presidential races with one exception: Ronald Reagan s 1980 victory.By 1984, voters here were back to their Democratic allegiances, giving their votes to Walter Mondale, Michael Dukakis and Bill Clinton.When Al Gore turned the party towards its progressive wing in 2000, however, he left behind Westmoreland County Democrats.Democrats here are more traditional in their values   they are pro-gun, pro-life, pro-coal   something today s Democratic Party has left no room for.Trump probably connects better with such voters than did Romney in 2008, or John McCain in 2004; a large part of the reason is his outside-the-box style. Yet, for him to win the state, such voters need to turn out in force   here and elsewhere   to offset Philly s overwhelming numbers. He was just a regular guy, just a working class guy at heart like everyone else around here,  said Jim Sciabica, the unofficial bar manager and small businessman, who kept  Mr. Palmer s  PM Whiskey tucked in a corner away from patrons and workers.  NYP ",0
12901,MEDIA BUSTED! 2003 VIDEO Of TRUMP Proving His Claim That He Was Against The Iraq War [Video], ,0
12902,LESTER HOLT PULLS A “Candy Crowley” 5 Times…Joins Team Hillary To Help Debate Trump,"Who won the debate tonight? Donald J. Trump or the Lester Holt-Clinton team?NBC News  Lester Holt had his  Candy Crowley  moment at the first debate of the 2016 presidential election on Monday night, bowing to pressure from the Hillary Clinton campaign and the liberal media by  fact-checking  Republican nominee Donald Trump on the question of his support for the Iraq War.Holt lived up to the expectations of his peers. But he lived down to the worst expectations of conservatives, who routinely see Republican candidates treated unfairly by debate moderators.Hillary also went over the 2 minute mark several times, while there were several times when Lester Holt would cut Donald Trump off after only having a little over a minute to answer a question. Again and again, Holt asked Trump tough questions that were straight from the Clinton campaign s talking points, and which were obvious set-ups for Clinton to attack (and for fact-checkers to pounce on whatever Trump asserted in his own defense).Here are the five worst examples.Tax returns. Holt never asked Clinton about her e-mail scandal, about Benghazi, or about the Clinton Foundation and its dubious dealings. But he did ask Trump about his tax returns, arguing   not asking   that there might be questionable information in them that the American public deserved to hear.Birther conspiracy theory. Holt never asked Clinton about her past record of racist statements, including her  super-predator  remarks as First Lady, or her explicit appeal to  white Americans  in her 2008 primary campaign against Obama. Yet he asked Trump about the Birther conspiracy theory and cast it as racist.Stop-and-frisk. After an exchange between the candidates over the policy of  stop-and-frisk,  Holt interjected to bolster Clinton s point by stating, erroneously, that stop-and-frisk had ended in New York because it had been declared unconstitutional by a court. Trump countered, correctly, that the new mayor had canceled the policy before the litigation was over. A presidential look.  Towards the end of the debate, Holt asked Trump about what he meant by saying Hillary Clinton did not have  a presidential look.  He did so after noting that Clinton had become  the first woman  to be nominated for president by a major political party, thus setting Trump up as a sexist. As Trump answered, Holt interrupted him, then gave Clinton a chance to respond with her talking points about Trump s past comments on women.Iraq War. The question of whether Trump supported the Iraq War or not has been widely debated. What is beyond doubt is that Hillary Clinton voted for it. Holt only represented one side of the debate about Trump, and never asked Clinton about her own vote. Via: Breitbart",0
12903,TONIGHT’S FIRST PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE: What Time? Where To Watch…And MORE Inside Scoop,"Debate officials have released the details of Monday night s presidential debate between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump.This be will the country s first chance to see the candidates go 1-on-1 and answer questions on key issues, including immigration, health care, gun control, abortion rights and foreign policy.Here is a look at what to know for the first 2016 presidential debate:WHAT TIME IS THE PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE TONIGHT? The event begins at 9 o clock Eastern time and will run 90 minutes.WHAT CHANNEL IS THE PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE ON? The debate will be broadcast on all the major television networks (ABC, CBS, FOX, NBC, PBS, Telemundo, Univision) and cable outlets (CNBS, CNN, C-SPAN Fox News, Fox Business, MSNBC).HOW CAN YOU WATCH THE DEBATE ONLINE? Facebook and Twitter will both live stream the event. So will all the networks and cable news outlets, as well as the Daily Caller, the Huffington Post, Hulu, Politico, the Wall Street Journal, and Yahoo.NJ.com will be hosting live updates and a discussion.WHERE IS THE PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE? Clinton and Trump will share a stage at the David S. Mach Sports and Exhibition Complex at Hofstra University on Long Island, N.Y.WHO IS THE MODERATOR OF THE DEBATE? Lester Holt, the host of NBC s  Nightly News. WHO IS DEBATING TONIGHT? Only Clinton and Trump. Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson, Green Party candidate Jill Stein, and independent candidate Evan Mcmullen did not meet the criteria to qualify   which was essentially to be at 15 percent in recent national polls. Via: nj.comThe 90-minute debate will be broken into six, 15 minute  pods,  the Commission on Presidential Debates announced on Sunday.Clinton s podium will be stage left and Trump s podium will be stage right, the CPD said.LIARS FIRST:Clinton will receive the first question. She will have two minutes to answer and Trump will have two minutes to respond.That will be followed by 10 minutes of open conversation and debate.Some of the rules were made by agreement between the campaigns and some were decided by coin toss   but CPD wouldn t say which ones.The debate will be held before an audience of 1,000 viewers in the hall. The three largest ticket blocks are going to the two campaigns and Hofstra. The university said they are giving all of their tickets to students, which they say they also did in 2008 and 2012. Via: NBC News ",0
12904,CONSERVATIVE RADIO HOST MICHAEL SAVAGE Shut Down Mid-Show During Discussion Of Hillary’s Health,"Michael Savage is a very well known radio talk personality. The Savage Nation is a nationally syndicated talk show that is the second most listened-to radio talk show in the country with an audience of over 20 million listeners on 400 stations across the United States.Earlier today he was discussing his perspectives on the presidential debate and giving examples of current and anticipated debate bias.In addition, the broadcaster began discussing Hillary Clinton s mysterious health condition that Savage believes might be Parkinsons.Almost immediately, and without any notification, New York (tri-state area) radio station WABC-Radio TV cut Savage off the air and replaced him with the lesser rated Curtis And Cooby Show.Shortly thereafter, as Michael Savage discovered the issue and began discussing what was going on in/around the New York broadcast area, all Savage affiliates nationwide cut off the broadcast and replaced the live transmission with a recording of a previous show. HERE S THE SHOW AS IT HAPPENED: ",0
12905,THIS IS GREAT! ELECTORAL MAP Proves TRUMP Would Win If Election Held Today,"Hillary has lost her lead in swing states OH, NV, IA and FL since the beginning of SeptemberNEW YORK CITY, New York   As the first presidential debate looms later Monday evening just an hour from here on Long Island at Hofstra University, a Breitbart News analysis of current polling in the presidential election shows that Donald J. Trump the Republican nominee for president would win the election if it were held Monday and the polls are correct. It takes 270 electoral votes to win the election. With the exception of two states Maine and Nebraska the winner of a state wins that state s electoral votes on Election Day in the general election.The reliably red Republican states Alaska, Idaho, Utah, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wyoming, Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri, Indiana, Mississippi, Kentucky, Alabama, Tennessee, West Virginia, and South Carolina are all expected to easily vote for Trump for president. That totals 164 electoral votes.Despite initial polling scares during the darkest days of Trump s campaign in also reliably red Georgia and Arizona, both of those states per recent polling have seemingly moved solidly into the Trump column. That s another 27 electoral votes, for a total of 191 electoral votes with the other red states.From there, add in Florida with 29 electoral votes. Most recent polling out of Florida with a couple rare exceptions has shown Trump with a slight or modest lead. One outlier poll from Monmouth drags the RealClearPolitics polling average in the four-way race between Trump, Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton, Green Party nominee Jill Stein, and Libertarian Gary Johnson down to a 0.1 percent Trump advantage in the Sunshine state. But the billionaire real estate mogul leads in four out of the last seven surveys, and the only other two where Clinton has any lead it is inside the margin of error. Trump has had a comfortable cushion in Florida since Labor Day, and in the last poll conducted partially before it, he tied Clinton. Assuming Trump can lock down Florida and its 29 electoral votes that he will need to win the White House, and add that to the rest he already has, he then hits 220 electoral votes.Move from there out to Nevada and Iowa for a total of 12 more electoral votes six per each state. In the three-way race in Nevada Stein is not on the ballot in the Silver State Trump has led in every poll in September, according to RealClearPolitics. During the course of the month, the man whose name is emblazoned across the top of a golden building just off Las Vegas Boulevard has steadily increased his lead from just a point in the first September poll by NBC News, The Wall Street Journal, and Marist, to two points in a Monmouth poll a week later, to three points in the latest two surveys from Fox News and KTNV/Rasmussen. His polling average is a 2.3 percent advantage over Clinton. It is so bad for Clinton in Nevada right now that even Politico ran a headline saying the state is giving Democrats  heartburn. Iowa is the battleground state where Trump is most comfortable right now. Trump has had a comfortable lead in all three Iowa polls this month from Emerson, Monmouth, and Quinnipiac and the RealClearPolitics polling average currently gives Trump a 6.3 percent advantage in the Hawkeye State walking into the debate. Fit Iowa and Nevada in the Trump column and he is up to 232 electoral votes.Next up is Maine s Second Congressional District. Maine is one of those two funky states that splits its electoral votes by congressional district Nebraska, which is solidly in Trump s column, is the other and Trump is polling significantly ahead of Clinton there. The only three public surveys done in Maine s second district all of which were done in September give Trump massive leads outside their margins of error. The first, by Emerson, showed Trump with a five-point lead over Clinton at the beginning of the month in a four-way race. A second poll from Colby College/SurveyUSA done mostly after Labor Day gave Trump a ten-point lead, and that finding was confirmed by a later poll from MPRC a progressive group that had Trump up 11 points in Maine s Second District. He was also trending upward statewide, and in the RealClearPolitics average statewide only trails Clinton by 3.8 points. But for now, let s just give Trump the place that s firmly in his column the Second District and that is just one electoral vote. With that picture, he is at 233 total electoral votes.North Carolina, another state where Stein is not on the ballot, has seen Trump trend upwards in polling during September. There has not been, according to RealClearPolitics, a single poll conducted entirely in September that has shown Clinton leading in the Tar Heel State. Trump has been leading, or the two were tied, in every three-way race poll since a Quinnipiac poll conducted partially in August and partially in September was released. RealClearPolitics has Trump s polling average at a 1.8 percent advantage over Clinton in North Carolina, but his most recent poll from Fox News put him at a five-point lead there. If Trump locks down North Carolina s 15 electoral votes on top of everything aforementioned, that puts him at 248 total and in striking distance of the presidency.This brings us to the all-important state of Ohio. The Buckeye State is another where Clinton has not seen a lead in a public poll since the beginning of September in a CBS News/YouGov poll conducted from September 7 to September 9 that showed her up seven points. That outlier poll, the only one from Ohio this month showing her ahead in the four-way race, drags the polling average for Trump down to a two-point Trump advantage. Every other Ohio poll this month has shown Trump up, including separate Bloomberg, CNN, and Fox News polls that show Trump up five points each. The Suffolk University poll mid-month shows Trump up three, and the new Breitbart News Network/Gravis Marketing survey just out on Sunday evening shows Trump holding onto the lead, up a point on Clinton. CNN s Jeff Zeleny on Sunday noted that Hillary Clinton has essentially given up on Ohio, saying,  So long, Ohio: It s been 20 days since Hillary Clinton stepped foot into this classic battleground state, and she s not expected to visit it again in the month of September.  He said that while Hillary Clinton s campaign is still spending money there,  Ohio, the mother of all battleground states, is not in her wheelhouse anymore.  If Trump locks up Ohio s 18 electoral votes, and adds them to everything else, he is at 266 electoral votes.That means he would be one state away from the presidency. From where is it going to come?Read more: Breitbart",0
12906,LOL! Leftist CA Congresswoman On Tonight’s Debate: Debate Moderator Needs To Help Hillary…Media Isn’t Doing Enough For Her [VIDEO],"The Democrats are in full panic-mode over Crooked Hillary as she continues to plummet in the polls. Liberal CA Congresswoman, Maxine Waters is hilarious in this interview with and MSNBC host Tamron Hall, as she attempts to blame Hillary s media cheerleaders because Americans don t trust Hillary! LOL There s a reason why people from all over the world will be tuning in tonight to watch what is certain to be an epic presidential debate. The match up between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump is so popular because it reminds us of an age-old formula that has been selling movies and books for years, the underdog vs. the evil villain. There s something very satisfying about watching the underdog take down an evil villainess who s managed to escape the law for decades.There s something equally as satisfying watching lying liberals attempt to circle the wagons around the most corrupt candidate to ever run for office and blame of all people wait for it the media!",0
12907,"FLASHBACK: MALCOLM X On Blacks Who Keep Voting For Democrats Who Lie To Them: You’re not only a chump, but you’re a traitor to your race”"," The Democrats have been in Washington DC only because of the negro vote. You put them first, and they put you last. Because you re a chump. A political chump.    Malcolm XIf Malcolm X were alive today, how would he feel about our first  Black President ? How would he feel about Obama encouraging millions of illegal aliens and refugees to come to America and take the jobs of millions of unemployed Americans struggling to find work? The truth of the matter is, Obama will go down as the worst President in history for Blacks in America. While we definitely don t agree with some of the positions Malcolm X took, we do agree that the Democrats have been selling the black community a bill of goods for decades. Perhaps it s time to get off the Democrat Plantation and vote for a candidate who genuinely wants to put every unemployed black citizens back to work. Perhaps its time for someone with no political ties to come in and clean Obama s corrupted house. Larry Elder had a fascinating column discussing Malcolm X and how he really felt about the Democratic Party and black people who voted in lockstep with this party. He even goes on to show how the Democrats have continued to destroy almost every aspect of the black family and how their policies are exactly against what Malcolm X had been advocating.Back in 1964, the black community gave 80 percent of their vote to the Democratic Party. As a result of this, Malcolm X called them  political chumps.  Why? Because the black community had been betrayed by the Democrats. The white vote was so close that they always need to go back and recount, which means that if black people were to stick together, they have the power of determining who is ultimately elected. Still, the Democrats failed to deliver on a promised civil rights bill because they correctly anticipated that they could still count on the black vote and their blind support in the next election.https://youtu.be/7BYVv4LY_KQStrong words indeed. But it also begs the question of what would Malcolm X think about the situation today? Today, it is even worse, with about 90 to 95 percent of the black vote being in lockstep with the Democratic Party. Yet, the Democrats have not kept their promises of family stability, education, and job creation.Over the last 50 years, the black community and its family unity has been completely destroyed. Even when slavery prevented marriage, a black child was more likely to be raised in a  home  with their biological mother and father than today. According to economist Walter Williams, during the period of 1890-1940 a black child was slightly more likely to grow up with married parents than a white child.Back in 1965, 24 percent of black babies were born to unmarried mothers. Then, the  War on Poverty  began and today this number is up to 72 percent. Interesting to see that the more money we supposedly threw at helping the black family, the worse things have become. Plus, it has not helped to reduce the rate of poverty, either. Since 1965 the government has spent nearly $20 trillion fighting poverty. When this started, the poverty rate was 17 percent. After this spending started, the rate began to flat line (it had been consistently going down since 1949 before this) because people learned that they could marry the government and that men could abandon their financial and moral responsibility.Malcolm X was also fond of pointing out how he learned from a good library. Wonder how he would feel today about the Democratic opposition to school vouchers, allowing money to follow the student rather than the school? Urban schools, with predominantly black students, have unquestionably failed. They continue churning out kids who cannot read, write, and compute. The drop out rate approaches 50 percent in some districts. Teachers even send their own kids to private schools.Plus, there is 14 percent black unemployment thanks to our wonderful community organizer in chief. Heck, Emanuel Cleaver (Dem, MO), former chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, has admitted that if this had happened under a white president, there would be hell to pay but Obama knows that blacks are going to show him more slack since he black himself.All of this is interesting to think about. It shows us just exactly what the Democrats really think of the black community. They have never been about actually doing something to help and improve the lives of their constituents. Rather, they are only focused on increasing their power. Starting with Kennedy and LBJ, the whole idea was to trap the black vote in a cycle of dependence so that they would need to rely on the government for everything.  DownTrend ",0
12908,"COMMUNIST George Soros Says Trump Will Win Popular Vote In Landslide, But Hillary Wins Presidency…HUH? [VIDEO]",George Soros:  Here I have to confess to a little bit of bias.  Ya think? The popular vote will be a landslide  [for Trump]. But I don t think Trump has any chance of being elected. https://youtu.be/VKGiHWzxHKI,0
12909,SHOCKER! A LIBERAL TAKEDOWN Of Hillary Clinton Not To Be Missed [Video], ,0
12910,MINORITIES TURN ON OBAMA…BLAST HIS “LEGACY”: “I Voted For Your Black Ass…Is That Your Legacy…Obamaphones…Transgendered Toilets?” [VIDEO]," Barry, the Democratic party has done nothing for the black American. Your presidency has proved that. And you re going to call us disrespectful if we don t vote for Hillary? I m insulted you even asked Barry. https://twitter.com/hectormorenco/status/780254967273693185Obama's Legacy: Almost 8 years of Violence, rioting, looting & burning down communities. Time 4 real change. Everyone Should vote Trump!  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) September 22, 2016Obama's legacy of hate and racism is about to end, in 50 days @POTUS  MT Gilbert (@tponews) September 20, 2016Since Obama has come into office terrorist attacks and race riots have become a regular occurrence. Hillary will only continue this legacy.  Hispanics for Trump (@HispanicsTrump) September 23, 2016Here s angry Obama threatening the Black community to vote for him:https://twitter.com/P0TUSTrump/status/777707415601049600Here is a brilliant response to Obama s threat by an outspoken black critic of Obama s insulting presidency:Here are more responses to Obama s angry demand that minorities support Hillary, lest he be  insulted .LOL!SeriouslyWe're not slaves anymore. No Obama, we're not voting for Clinton bc of your legacy honey. Put the pipe down #CrackIsWack  RejoiceMagazine.net (@TemiaBrinson) September 19, 2016Obama claims that Trump is out to ruin his legacy, no honey, Trump is out to #MAGA. You ruined your own legacy by being a terrible president  Black Women 4 Trump (@TallahForTrump) September 18, 2016I'm insulted by Obama more concerned about his damn legacy! What? Transgendered toilets?  Ex-Dem Latina (@terrymendozer) September 19, 2016https://twitter.com/P0TUSTrump/status/776625654762725376As an added bonus, we ve included a few additional remarks from American voters about Barack s legacy:LIST: The Race Riots  https://t.co/lM7Kye9lxw  DRUDGE REPORT (@DRUDGE_REPORT) September 25, 2016https://twitter.com/CajunKangaroo/status/779830457445781504You cut a deal to ransom Americans from Iran, Obama.You funnelled > a BILLION dollars to our ENEMY.This is your 'legacy?'Enjoy.  Linda Suhler, Ph.D. (@LindaSuhler) September 23, 2016https://twitter.com/NolteNC/status/780001984522977280Obamacare is imploding, Obama.In six years you single-handedly destroyed America's healthcare system.Some 'legacy.'Enjoy.  Linda Suhler, Ph.D. (@LindaSuhler) September 23, 2016Let us know if we missed anything in the comment section below. ",0
12911,REPORTER SHOCKS HILLARY BY SHOWING UP: Watch The Change From Unsteady To Alert [Video],"Clinton just left  Apple Seeds  kids center in Flatiron. Feeling good about debate?  Getting ready, getting ready! Clinton just left  Apple Seeds  kids center in Flatiron. Feeling good about debate?  Getting ready, getting ready!  pic.twitter.com/mXxBbMiVcu  Liz Kreutz (@ABCLiz) September 25, 2016 ",0
12912,ISN’T THIS CHEATING? FIRST PICTURES Of Hillary’s “Custom” Podium For The Debate With TRUMP,"Hillary Clinton says that we re  stronger together,  but even she can t deny Donald Trump is taller.The Democratic nominee, who is 5-foot-4, has apparently enlisted the help of a raised podium for the first presidential debate against Donald Trump, who is 6-foot-3, Monday night, photos of the two podiums show.According to WABC s Rita Cosby, one of the two podiums inside the debate hall at Hofstra University, in Hempstead, N.Y., is larger than the other.It is believed that the larger one was built at Clinton s request to make her appear taller than she is.Two students standing in to practice for tonight s debate.Trump, Clinton tied nationally and in swing-states: polls  Clinton is 5 4  and Trump 6 2  and her team wanted the podium modified or a box added so she won t look short next to Trump,  Cosby said in an email.A photograph taken by WABC s Rita Cosby shows the two podiums Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump will use at Monday night s debate at Hofstra University. A photograph taken by WABC s Rita Cosby shows the two podiums Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump will use at Monday night s debate at Hofstra University. (WABC RADIO HOST RITA COSBY)  One is clearly larger   than the other,  Cosby said.Photos taken by Cosby appear to show two podiums of two different sizes.The Clinton campaign did not immediately respond to questions about whether the Democratic nominee would be using a raised podium at Monday night s debate. The Commission on Presidential Debates, which organizes the debates, did not respond to questions either.Trump campaign manager: GOP nominee is  Babe Ruth of debating  However, multiple outlets had reported last week that the Clinton campaign had asked the CPD if the Democratic nominee could use a raised podium to avoid appearing 10 inches shorter than Trump.Via: NYDN",0
12913,LIBERTARIAN PRESIDENTIAL Candidate GARY JOHNSON Embraces Every Manufactured Liberal Crisis: Black Lives Matter…Global Warming…Colonization On Mars [VIDEO],"Wow! Moonbeam Johnson addresses three issues he feels are very pressing! It s very scary to think 5-7% of Americans say they d vote for him if the election was held today Johnson claims things have never been better in America:  We get along with each other better that ever.  LOL!Sunday on ABC s  This Week,  Libertarian presidential candidate and former governor of New Mexico Gary Johnson called for space colonization as an answer for global warming by saying,  the fact that we do have to inhabit other planets. I mean the future of the human race is of   is space exploration. Partial transcript as follows:STEPHANOPOULOS: Let me ask you one final question, you ve said you re for free markets and you re against government regulation. And this   and this week, a   a comment circulated that you made in 2011, where you said we have to think about climate change as a long-term issue. And here s what you said.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOHNSON: I think that we should. And the long-term view is, is that in billions of years, the sun is going to actually grow and encompass the Earth, right? So global warming is in our   in our future. -Via Breitbart(END VIDEO CLIP)https://youtu.be/GcwFk7rqGQo",0
12914,TREY GOWDY Rips DOJ For Giving Immunity To Guilty In Clinton E-mail Scandal: “It’s just 5 get out of jail free cards”, ,0
12915,OBAMA Made CHRISTIAN Pastor Pay For His Own Ticket Home After Iran Got Secret $1.7 Billion Ransom For His Release,"Just when you thought there was nothing Barack Hussein Obama could do to shock you this Christian pastor s story is revealed. How much money does an American who spends 3 1/2 years in an Iranian prison leave with? Enough for a one-way ticket home to the U.S?Iranian president Hassan Rouhani spoke before the United Nations General Assembly Thursday despite protests from Iranian-Americans who feel Iran s human rights situation has worsened after sanctions were modified earlier this year.Pastor Saeed Abedini, one of four American hostages released from Iran in January, shared his disbelief of Rouhani s annual speech during an interview with FOX Business Network s Trish Regan. I was just telling people that imagine leader of ISIS come to the United States after 30 years of all the executions that they did and leaders of the world shaking his hand. It s unbelievable,  Abedini said.Iranian-American Pastor Saeed Abedini, who spent three-and-a-half years in Iranian prisons before being released in January, claims that the United States government wouldn t pay for a return flight home even though his family faced serious financial issues.Abedini said he and other hostages were left to fend for themselves after flying from Iran to Germany when they were released after the Obama Administration s $400 million payment to Iran.The United States  sent Iran $400 million in debt plus $1.3 billion in interest, and the money was disbursed as a ransom payment for four American hostages of the Islamic regime, a top Iranian commander said Wednesday afternoon. Therefore, the U.S. paid the Iranian regime $425 million dollars per American hostage, according to the commander.After spending a few days in a hospital in Germany, Adedini was surprised to hear that he needed to buy his own plane ticket home. We were actually all shocked because I came out; I just had prison clothes and [they] just told us you need to buy your own ticket. Abedini said he was physically and psychologically tortured in the Iranian prison to the point where his stomach was bleeding for months from all the beatings. The whole last three to five years that I was there, it was just torturing, it was so hard,  Abiding said. Via: Downtrend",0
12916,HILLARY’S CAMPAIGN MANAGER Deflects And Dodges Questions On Clinton E-mail Scandal And Sanctuary Cities [Video],He also dodges the question of sanctuary cities:,0
12917,H.S. Football Team Stages “Die-In” To Show Support For Kaepernick’s “Disrespect the Flag” Movement…While American Soldiers Are Dying For Freedoms Our Flag Represents,"Some 2,500 Americans Have Died in Afghanistan and Iraq Under Obama. Under Obama, America has been at war for longer than under any other U.S. president. When is the last time you heard those statistics mentioned by our Leftist media?Somewhere along the way, Obama decided that winning (or ending) the wars in the middle east was less important than starting a full-blown race war in America. Does anyone care that Hillary is openly advocating to carry on his legacy of hate and division over concern for our military or our national security?This is Obama s legacy A California high school football team staged a bizarre  die-in  to protest the singing of the national anthem.Kaepernick came to Oakland, CA. He kneeled on one knee, players laid on their back with hands up during the Anthem. pic.twitter.com/Cae4sTopac  Kirk Morrison (@kirkmorrison) September 24, 2016The Castlemont High School Knights, based in Oakland, engaged in shameful display of anti-American behavior. It happened during a Friday night football game.Disgraced NFL Colin Kaepernick was on hand to encourage the children to disrespect America and the U.S. Armed Forces. I had to come out here and stand with y all,  he said in remarks covered by the Mercury News.  So I appreciate what y all did. I love y all. Y all my brothers   I m here with you. But instead of collapsing on the ground with the children, Kaepernick simply took a knee. I guess he didn t want to get grass stains on his hoodie.  Todd StarnesOh and by the way these punks lost their game. They also lost the respect of anyone who watched their disgusting anti-American behavior.High-school players take anthem demonstration to another level, with @Kaepernick7 present, via @kirkmorrison https://t.co/BGD8q2wJ75  ProFootballTalk (@ProFootballTalk) September 24, 2016",0
12918,CLINTON CHIEF STRATEGIST CRASHES AND BURNS: Called Out For Spin And Lies On Clinton/Mills E-Mail Scandal [Video], ,0
12919,AFRICAN-AMERICAN MUSEUM GRAND OPENING IRONY: WATCH Police VIOLATE RIGHTS Of Protester Exposing Hillary’s Racist Remarks,"This is just stunning! Free speech in our nations capitol under Obamas reign is now determined by your political bent Live video archived at Periscope shows U.S. Park Police officers detaining and searching a peaceful anti-Hillary Clinton demonstrator in the area of the opening ceremony for the National Museum of African-American History on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. Saturday afternoon.Here is the video the protester is referring to with his sign, where Hillary refers to young black men as  super predators  and suggests we  need to bring them to heel. Trump supporter Jack Posobiec went to the Mall dressed in an orange prison outfit wearing a blond wig and Hillary Clinton mask while holding a sign that read  Blacks are super predators   H  The sign referenced a controversial remark Clinton made while First Lady in the 1990s. Clinton was not at the museum opening that was attended by President Barack Obama and former President George W. Bush.DC Police Detained and Frisked me for Anti-Hillary Demonstration pic.twitter.com/CwDE6Ao9N4  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) September 24, 2016After walking around on the sidewalk and closed street on the Mall near the new museum, Posobiec is surrounded by uniformed Park Police officers led by a Black officer who proceeds to interrogate Posobiec and demand his ID. The reasons for detaining and searching Posobiec ranged from  holding a sign , a bogus claim of  threatening the president  by just being there, holding a can of Monster and an implied statement that he was annoying Black people with his demonstration.Here is a video of Jack protesting. It appears the only people offended by his protest are Obama s US Park Police. You can see the initial encounter with the US Park police at the 10:28 mark:LIVE on #Periscope: Hillary Calls Blacks Superpredators At National African American Museum https://t.co/HGIS8zrcXV  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) September 24, 2016The audio is difficult to hear at times, but the Black officer demands to know why Posobiec is protesting. He answers he is not protesting but is (garbled.)The Black officer says,  You can do that anywhere. You can do that on You Tube. You can do that on Twitter. Why are you here?  Posobiec s response is garbled.The Black officer then demands,  Do you have any weapons on you?  More back and forth and then the Black officer takes the Hillary sign from Polosiec and puts it on the ground and then orders his hands raised and put on his head and then to turn around.As the Black officer starts to search Polosiec he focuses on the photographer filming and orders his officers to search the photographer saying,  You okay? You wanna check him out too cuz he s like doing all the filming. Let s make sure he doesn t have anything on him. The Black officer orders the camera being taken out of the photographer s hands so he can be  properly  searched.The camera continues filming at ground level while police search and interrogate the photographer who after a while appears to sit down. Prosobiec can be seen a few feet away sitting down on the sidewalk being detained by officers.After eight minutes of being detained the Black officer says to Polosiec,  You are perfectly within your rights but I d advise you to (garbled) but if you come back (garbled,)  The lecture is hard to hear, but the Black officer claims he doesn t care about Polosiec s politics and warns him that someone might (attack) him over the sign and the that he  wouldn t come back to save you. You re free to go. The Black officer then walks over to the photographer to repeat the lecture, saying  It is not a wise move to do it here, but you can do it here. (Garbled) coming back possibly to save you. Alright? You want to go the White House or Lafayette Park if you re under 25 people that s not a problem you can still make the same statement people feel comfortable This particular venue is not a wise place. But you can do, alright you re free to go, alright? Posobiec then starts speaking to the camera that there were numerous Black Lives Matter protesters around who were not being detained by police.Posobiec vows to continue his protest at the location.This writer was a prolific conservative activist with the Washington, D.C.chapter of FreeRepublic.com during the Clinton and Bush years and never witnessed or experienced any officer with federal or D.C. police agencies ask for ID or search a peaceful protester acting and dressed similarly to Prosobiec. The late FReeper Doctor Raoul Deming would wear masks and costumes to protest Bill and Hillary Clinton and was never searched or had ID demanded in D.C. over the course of hundreds of protests.In fact D.C. has some of the most lenient laws for protesters that allow spontaneous street demonstrations that block traffic where arrests can be made only after three prolonged warnings.Prosobiec was in a public place, not blocking traffic, and was not acting belligerent or threatening. He was exercising his First Amendment rights but as the officer implied because his audience was Black people, he should take his protest elsewhere like the White House of Lafayette Park (same thing, really, as a protest locale.)via: Gateway Pundit",0
12920,BILL CLINTON’S 12-YR Mistress Gennifer Flowers Says “YES” To Trump’s Invitation For Front Row Seats At Debate,"Donald Trump on Saturday threatened to bring a woman that Bill Clinton had an extramarital affair with when he debates Hillary Clinton.Trump tweeted this response to Mark Cuban sitting in the front row, in an attempt to rattle him during the debates:If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!When Hillary Clinton takes the podium at Monday night s first presidential debate, she could be staring down an old romantic rival sitting in the front row.Gennifer Flowers, who carried on a 12-year affair with Bill Clinton when he was attorney general and governor of Arkansas, might attend the debate at Hofstra University as Trump s guest, BuzzFeed reported Saturday. Ms. Flowers has agreed to join Donald at the debate,  her personal assistant, Judy Stell, wrote in an e-mail to BuzzFeed, according to the Web site.The development grew from a Twitter broadside Trump launched earlier that day. If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!  he tweeted.  NYP",0
12921,JUDGE JEANINE Gives Great Debate Advice To Trump: “Be the man I’ve known for decades” [Video], ,0
12922,TRUMP HAS EPIC RESPONSE After Democrats Say They’ll Place Pro-Hillary Billionaire In Front Row At Debate,"It s probably not a good time for Hillary to remind voters of her and Bill s coordinated war on women Donald Trump on Saturday threatened to bring a woman that Bill Clinton had an extramarital affair with when he debates Hillary Clinton.Trump tweeted this response to Mark Cuban sitting in the front row, in an attempt to rattle him during the debates:If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 24, 2016Paul Nehlen, Speaker Paul Ryan s opponent in the WI primary race, offered Trump a brilliant suggestion:Great idea. Ask Ms. Flowers to wear this shirt pic.twitter.com/5SNRTXGpaY  Paul Nehlen (@pnehlen) September 24, 2016Bill Clinton testified under oath in 1998 that he had a sexual affair with Flowers.Trump was responding to billionaire Mark Cuban, a Hillary Clinton supporter who frequently slams Trump. Cuban on Thursday said he accepted an invitation from Clinton to sit in the front row at Monday s presidential debate.Trump s public reference to Bill Clinton s extramarital affairs will likely roil the presidential race just two days before the first debate.Trump said earlier this week that he did not plan to bring up the Clintons  marriage at the debate. I don t think I m looking to do that Bill. I don t know what I m going to do that exactly,  Trump said during an interview on  The O Reilly Factor.   It depends on what level she hits you with, if she s fair, if it s unfair, but certainly I m not looking to do that. Via: The Hill",0
12923,WHY DID THE FBI Give Key Clinton Aides Immunity: “This is very strange”,"Well, what would Friday be without the latest document dump from the Clinton email investigation? Yesterday afternoon, with the public in distracted anticipation of the coming weekend and Monday s Clinton-Trump debate showdown, the FBI released another 189 pages of interview reports.Along with this document dump comes remarkable news:According to House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, the limited immunity was granted in order to persuade Ms. Mills to surrender her laptop computer so the FBI could check whether classified information was stored on it.This is very strange. There was no need to grant concessions to Mills. The Justice Department could have required the production of the computer by simply issuing a grand jury subpoena. And had there been any concern that Mills would not cooperate, would destroy the computer, or would  misplace  it (as Team Clinton claims to have misplaced so many Hillary devices), investigators could have applied for a search warrant and seized the computer.In normal cases, the Justice Department does not grant immunity in exchange for evidence when it has lawful power to compel production of that evidence.In a normal case, immunity-from-prosecution never enters into this equation. Immunity is a valuable concession that the Justice Department is only supposed to grant if there is no other way to get the evidence in question. Investigators are not supposed to  pay  for evidence the law empowers them to obtain cost-free. If, for example, a prosecutor surmised that a suspect s hair might match hair recovered at the scene of a robbery, the prosecutor would not offer the suspect immunity from prosecution for the robbery in exchange for the suspect s provision of a hair sample. The prosecutor would issue a subpoena requiring the suspect to provide the grand jury with a hair sample; if there was a match, the grand jury would then indict the suspect for the robbery. As the Associated Press puts it:  By including the emails recovered from the laptops in the immunity agreements, the Justice Department exempted key physical evidence from any potential criminal case against [Hillary Clinton s] aides.  It makes no sense to have done this   unless the Justice Department had already decided it would not prosecute Mills and Samuelson, no matter what the proof showed.Read more: National Review",0
12924,GRAB THE POPCORN! Queen Of Corruption DENIED Special Treatment For First Debate,"The Drudge Report has gained access to the rules for the upcoming Mega-Debate between Hillary and Trump. Hillary s always angling for an advantage, and when it comes to the mainstream media, Hillary usually gets exactly what she wants. It looks like she ll get a custom podium to help her with the height advantage, but when it comes to coughing up a lung, Hillary s on her own. Let s hope for Hillary s sake, she s able to keep the guy with the diazinon pen close to the stage in case  unfit to run for office Hillary  has another  pneumonia-related incident  like the one on 911 DEBATE RULES: NO COUGHING BREAKS **Exclusive** Fri Sep 23 2016 11:30:40 ETIf presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton slips into a coughing fit or any other medical crisis during Monday s high-stakes debate, she will have to power through, the DRUDGE REPORT has learned! There are no commercial breaks,  a commission source explains.  Period. Debate moderator Lester Holt does not have the authority to cut away from the stage during the epic 90-minute showdown. And microphone audio for either of the candidates is not to be manipulated.Clinton has experienced severe coughing episodes throughout the election year. During a Labor Day campaign stop she suffered a 4-minute choking marathon.Monday s throwdown could top out at 100 million viewers, making it the biggest political event in history.EDITOR S NOTE: The presidential debate commission settled an early flashpoint when Clinton demanded a step-stool at the podium to add height to her 5 4  frame. Campaign Chairman John Podesta expressed concern that Hillary would be dwarfed by 6 2  Trump. The request was quickly rejected. The commission is allowing for a custom-made podium, which will accommodate the difference in stature.",0
12925,BLACK TRUMP SUPPORTER Delivers Powerful Message: “#BlackLivesMatter Is Making Black People Look Like Fools” [VIDEO], I m Not Ashamed To Say I m Voting For Donald Trump Black Trump supporter Brandon Tatum delivers a powerful and brave message to Black Lives Matter rioters on his YouTube channel. The excerpt from his video was posted on Twitter and can be seen here:https://twitter.com/AlysiaStern/status/779129805816094720The entire video can be seen here. We promise it s worth watching. Enjoy:,0
12926,BUSTED! LIBERAL BRAINIACS Steal Trump Sign…In Company Truck! [Video],"This is just idiotic! A couple of liberal brainiacs decided to steal a Trump sign. The only problem is that they did it in a company truck! Duh!#SaturdayMorning Idiots steal Trump sign IN COMPANY TRUCK!BUSTED: WoW Pool & Lawn Services -Naples, FLVOTE @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/etQ6VzgkrK  John Miller (@cyvault) September 24, 2016 ",0
12927,CLINTON ABRUPTLY Cancels Plans To Go to Charlotte On Sunday…Gives Lame Excuse,"Hillary Clinton is preparing to get back on the campaign trail with a week filled with appearances before actual voters, after ducking off the rally circuit to prepare for Monday s debate.She was set to begin with a Sunday appearance in Charlotte, North Carolina, after the city experienced riots and confrontations between protesters and police following the shooting of Keith Lamont Scott by a police officer this week. But her campaign announced Friday night that the trip was being put off for a week, as there were protests in the city for a fourth consecutive night.  Hillary is grateful for, and intends to honor, the invitation from faith leaders to visit with the Charlotte community,  according to Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri.  After further discussion with community leaders, we have decided to postpone Sunday s trip as to not impact the City s resources. She will plan to visit Charlotte next Sunday, provided circumstances allow.   In the meantime her prayers are with the people of Charlotte during these difficult days,  Palmieri concluded. Read more: Daily Mail",0
12928,FOOTBALL LEGEND MIKE DITKA Weighs In On National Anthem Protest,"I think it s a problem anybody who disrespects this country and the flag. If they don t like the country they don t like our flag get the hell out.   Mike DitkaOutspoken Hall of Famer Mike Ditka became the latest high-profile name to weigh in on San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick s national anthem protest Friday when he ripped the signal-caller s actions.In an interview on Shan & RJ on 105.3 The Fan in Dallas (h/t CBS DFW), the ESPN analyst said of Kaepernick s actions:I think it s a problem anybody who disrespects this country and the flag. If they don t like the country they don t like our flag get the hell out.I have no respect for Colin Kaepernick   he probably has no respect for me, that s his choice. My choice is, I like this country, I respect our flag, and I don t see all the atrocities going on in this country that people say are going on.Additionally, Ditka painted an optimistic picture regarding the United States during his radio appearance:  I see opportunities if people want to look for opportunity. Now if they don t want to look for them, then you can find problems with anything, but this is the land of opportunity because you can be anything you want to be if you work. If you don t work that s a different problem. Via: Bleacher Report",0
12929,BOMBSHELL: FBI REVEALS LYING OBAMA Used A Pseudonym To E-mail Clinton…Refuses To Release E-mails,"Obama told CBS News March 7, 2015 that he did not know about Clinton s private email while she was his secretary of state from Jan. 21, 2009 to Feb. 1, 2013.Q: Mr. President, when did you first learn that Hillary Clinton used an email system outside the U.S. government for official business while she was secretary of state?Obama: The same time everybody else learned it through news reports.President Barack Obama used a pseudonym in email communications with Hillary Clinton and others, according to FBI records made public Friday.The disclosure came as the FBI released its second batch of documents from its investigation into Clinton s private email server during her tenure as secretary of state.The 189 pages the bureau released includes interviews with some of Clinton s closest aides, such as Huma Abedin and Cheryl Mills; senior State Department officials; and even Marcel Lazar, better known as the Romanian hacker  Guccifer.  In an April 5, 2016 interview with the FBI, Abedin was shown an email exchange between Clinton and Obama, but the longtime Clinton aide did not recognize the name of the sender.  Once informed that the sender s name is believed to be pseudonym used by the president, Abedin exclaimed:  How is this not classified?'  the report says.  Abedin then expressed her amazement at the president s use of a pseudonym and asked if she could have a copy of the email. The State Department has refused to make public that and other emails Clinton exchanged with Obama. Lawyers have cited the  presidential communications privilege,  a variation of executive privilege, in order to withhold the messages under the Freedom of Information Act. The report doesn t provide more details on the contents of that particular email exchange, but says it took place on June 28, 2012, and had the subject line:  Re: Congratulations.  It may refer to the Supreme Court s ruling that day upholding a key portion of the Obamacare law.Read more: Politico",0
12930,KEITH SCOTT’S BROTHER Tells Charlotte Reporter: “All White People Are F*#ckin’ Devils…All Cops Are F*#ckin Devils”,"The first Black (and half White) President has successfully created the most divisive America we have seen since the civil rights movement. He probably forgot he was raised by White grandparents, and on occasion a White mom.Obama s silence about the Black Lives Matter terror movement speaks volumes about his approval for the hateful and violent behavior towards Whites and our brave law enforcement officers. Keith Scott, a black man with a gun who was told to put it down by officers surrounding his vehicle was shot and killed by a black police officer in Charlotte, NC. Charlotte rioted. A protester rioter was shot and killed by another protester rioter. No one rioted over his death. Today, Keith Scott s brother has a message for America. He delivered it to this reporter. It s his message, but it was likely inspired by the silence of Barack Obama on yet another major city being burned and looted by out-of-control rioters funded by George Soros, one of Barack s biggest supporters.Here is a message from Keith Scott s brother to America:NSFW LANGUAGE: Tonight hear reaction from the brother of a @CMPD shooting vitcim on @wcnc at 11. pic.twitter.com/Kckyyi2Oni  Trey (@TreyMaggio) September 21, 2016",0
12931,GARY JOHNSON Just Proved He Is MENTALLY ILL! [Video],"More proof Gary Johnson is mentally ill.I was completely right.All you libertardians owe me an apology. pic.twitter.com/69vseUoq6K  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) September 23, 2016",0
12932,BREAKING: TRUMP Is About To Get A HUGE Unexpected Endorsement," To all the #NeverTrumpers: The ugly ride that you ve been on in support of a candidate who lost the primary election fair and square, is about to come to an end. Multiple sources close to Ted Cruz say the Texas senator is expected indicate his support for Donald Trump as soon as Friday. It is unclear whether Cruz will say only that he is voting for the Republican nominee, as other lawmakers have done, or offer a more full-throated endorsement, but the idea of throwing any support to Trump is controversial within Cruzworld.  PoliticoTed Cruz was my choice until he blamed Trump for the violence at the Chicago rally. I withdrew my support for Cruz that horrible night and since then, he has done nothing to restore my confidence. Maybe the support for his Senate seat is eroding, or maybe he s just come to the conclusion that Trump genuinely loves his country and needs everyone s support if he s going to defeat Hillary in November. Cruz had an opportunity to do the right thing at the RNC convention, but he chose to take a different path. But unlike sour grapes Governor John Kasich, who can t seem to find it in his great big, illegal-immigrant-loving-heart to endorse Donald J. Trump, it appears that Cruz is about to do the right thing and for that, we offer him moderate applause ",0
12933,"BREAKING CHARLOTTE: VIDEO Shows Young White Girl In Dress, Heels Being Sucker Punched In Face, Knocked To Knees By Mob Of #BlackLivesMatter Cowards","The unwarranted violence against innocent White people by Black Lives Matter protesters terrorists is getting out of control! This young girl in a dress and heels is walking down the stairs when she is approached by and angry mob of Blacks and is sucker punched in the face. Someone in the background can be heard yelling, Hey hey hey she didn t do anything!  The point is they don t care if she did anything. This is the gut-wrenching, divisive legacy of our  First Black President #CharlotteProtest Young woman struck down last night at @EpiCentreNC. See reply for streetview of staircase. #blacklivesmatter pic.twitter.com/Ttt6wTHSNw  Queenie   (@LibertarianQn) September 23, 2016The EpiCenter in Charlotte, where videos have captured unbelievable violence has announced they will be closing due to safety concerns for their patrons. Click HERE to see video of young White man who begged for mercy, as he was attacked entering the parking garage two days ago.pic.twitter.com/nz6LumJe8q  EpiCentre Charlotte (@EpiCentreNC) September 22, 2016In other words: In response to the violent beatings of random White people by Black Lives Matter thugs, we will be closing until these acts of terror are under control ",0
12934,BOOM! HERE’S HOW CHARLOTTE POLICE Know Who’s REALLY Behind The Violent Riots [Video]," This is not Charlotte that s out here. These are outside entities that are coming in and causing these problems. These are not protestors, these are criminals. We ve got the instigators that are coming in from the outside. They were coming in on buses from out of state. If you go back and look at some of the arrests that were made last night. I can about say probably 70% of those had out-of-state IDs. They re not coming from Charlotte. #Charlotte police: 70% of arrested protesters had out of state ID s, outside entities are causing these problems https://t.co/Kwya2xXerk  OutFrontCNN (@OutFrontCNN) September 22, 2016 HERE S WHAT WE KNOW FOR SURE: Eighteen months ago, as the riots flared in Ferguson, there was one man pulling the strings of this  domestic false flag  George Soros. In an apparent effort to  keep the media s attention on the city and to widen the scope of the incident to focus on interrelated causes   not just the over policing and racial discrimination narratives that were highlighted by the news media in August,  liberal billionaire George Soros donated $33 million to social justice organizations which helped turn events in Ferguson from a local protest into a national flashpoint.MORE RECENTLY:DCLeaks.com published OSF documents showing that the Soros group had already given at least $650,000 directly to BLM.Those same documents reveal the reason for OSF bankrolling BLM: the  dismantling  of America so that it can be recast according to the vision of Soros and his leftist cohorts.SO THERE YOU HAVE IT .Read more: Zero Hedge",0
12935,DEAD BROKE HILLARY Buys Million Dollar “Mother/Daughter” Home For Chelsea…After Busted Giving Only 5.7% Of Clinton Foundation Money to Charity,"The 2014 IRS filings for the Clinton Foundation were recently released and the numbers were absolutely sickening. Out of $91.3 million spent in 2014, the organization s IRS filings show that only $5.2 million of that went to actual charity. That s because the candidate who says she represents the  everyday American  can t be bothered with helping the poor she needs to focus on providing a lifestyle for her and her lovely daughter Chelsea that only 1% of Americans can enjoy.  The Clinton s have mastered the art of getting rich in politics It s not quite the Kennedy compound in Hyannis Port, but Bill and Hillary Clinton are expanding their Westchester spread by buying the house next door, The Post has learned.The Clintons shelled out $1.16 million for the three-bedroom, 3,631-square-foot, ranch-style home set on 1.51 leafy acres on Old House Lane in Chappaqua.Westchester County land records and tax records from the town of New Castle   where Chappaqua is located   list William and Hillary Clinton as owners of the property.A source said the home could be used as a weekend retreat for their daughter, Chelsea, her hubby, Marc Mezvinsky, and their children, Charlotte and Aidan. Rumor has it that the Clintons plan to use this as a mother/daughter house for Chelsea and her kids to visit on the weekends when they want to escape the city and their Flatiron digs since the Chappaqua house has a nice pool and plenty of rolling green lawn for kids to play on,  the source said.  NYP",0
12936,CHELSEA CLINTON Lashes Out At TRUMP “Hate Speech” In Appearance at MSU: “That’s not our country”,"Has she seen what s going on with her mom s buddies at Black Lives Matter? The violence and hate is astounding!How about her own mother s hateful rant to Union members admonishing them in a big way: Michigan State University students were delighted to hear that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has a plan to relieve them of at least some of their massive college loan debts.The message was delivered Thursday night to a packed MSU Union lobby by the candidate s daughter, Chelsea Clinton, who s stumping for her mother in Michigan. Federal loans would automatically be set to the prevailing interest rate,  she said.  Right now Interest rates are low, and if we can renegotiate mortgages and our car loans we should be able to have our federal student loans set to the lowest rate. Clinton s speech lasted eight minutes without a mention of her mother s rival for the White House Republican nominee Donald Trump.But during a 20-minute question-and-answer period, she spoke of the rise in hate speech, the way it s cropped in with the election and in society as a whole. I never thought I would see in my lifetime   I certainly didn t think I d see it in my children s lifetime   all this normalization of hate speech that we re hearing from the Republican nominee,  she said to a woman asking about hate crime toward Muslims.Clinton criticized what she called rhetoric undisputed by the GOP against women, other races, people with disabilities, veterans and immigrants. That s not our country,  Clinton said,  and that s also what s at stake, the core values of our country. Read more: DFP",0
12937,HOLLYWOOD’S SLICK PRO-HILLARY AD Gets A TRUMP Redo You’ll Love [Video],"A bunch of celebrities set out to hijack our election but we Trump supporters hijacked their pompous ad. #MAGA retweet make this go viral! pic.twitter.com/rVDCvSc9G9  Elizabeth Imus (@imuszero) September 23, 2016",0
12938,LOL! Charlotte #BlackLivesMatter Rioters Post “Things We Need List”: Includes “White folks to give money for bail”,"I wish this was a joke!#BlackLivesMatter protesters, loot stores, stop traffic for thousands of commuters, throw molotov cocktails, rocks and bricks at innocent police officers assigned to keeping the protesters and innocent civilians safe, discriminately beat up White people well just because they re White (see video below) But if they get arrested they re asking WHITE people to bail them out? You can t make this up Here is a list of things the Black Lives Matter protesters rioters need from their Charlotte SURJ Facebook page: #CharlotteProtest Beating man begging for mercy in parking garage. @AC360 @seanhannity @BretBaier Credit:Lenard Bennett (facebook) @ncnaacp pic.twitter.com/YWHEU2UV1n  Queenie   (@LibertarianQn) September 22, 2016h/t to Allison for sharing this with 100% FED UP!",0
12939,LATINOS MAKE DISGUSTING VIDEOS Bashing TRUMP: “Make America Mexico Again” [Video], ,0
12940,“PEOPLE ARE HUGGING?”…”PEACEFUL PROTEST?” What The Media’s NOT Telling You About The Charlotte Riots [Video], ,0
12941,THIS VIDEO WILL DESTROY “Black Lives Matter”…SHARE It Everywhere!, ,0
12942,CHARLOTTE #BlackLivesMatter Update: SUB-HUMAN BLACK MOB Brutally Beats Young White Man Begging For Mercy In Parking Garage [VIDEO],"Because if you re a young White guy walking through a parking lot by yourself at night in Charlotte, you deserve to be attacked by a pack of sub-human cowards right? Nothing says let s fix racism like a pack of black guys beating and stomping on a White guy who s all by himself, just for the fun of it ***WARNING***GRAPHIC Images***#CharlotteProtest Beating man begging for mercy in parking garage. @AC360 @seanhannity @BretBaier Credit:Lenard Bennett (facebook) @ncnaacp pic.twitter.com/YWHEU2UV1n  Queenie   (@LibertarianQn) September 22, 2016",0
12943,DEPLORABLES UNITE! ONE MORE DAY: “We will no longer surrender this country or its people to the false song of globalism!” [Video],"Les Deplorables Unite #ElectionNight #MAGA3X pic.twitter.com/LE79zCDQeN  ??VOTE TRUMP?? (@ThePatriot143) November 9, 2016",0
12944,REDNECK PATRIOT ASKS: “Just How American Are Ya?”…His Answer May Surprise Y’all! [VIDEO],"This is  Hill-arious! This redneck patriot asks,  Just how American are ya?  His answer is short but sweet Enjoy!Make sure to click the bottom right corner for sound  ",0
12945,YIKES! Tomi Lahren DEMOLISHES Hillary: “How Dare You Blame Donald Trump…EXCUSE ME?…Did 4 Americans Die On His Watch In Benghazi? [VIDEO],Wow! Bravo Tomi! You really nailed it this time Enjoy! This notion that  political incorrectness  is somehow responsible for terror attacks is absolute BS! Do you think we are stupid? How dare you blame this crap on Donald Trump! Excuse me? Was he Secretary of State? Did 4 Americans die on his watch in Benghazi? ,0
12946,THIS IS NOT A JOKE! Soros-Linked Group Has Plan To Destroy Trump…Will Register 8 MILLION “Global Voters” For Hillary [VIDEO],"The Left has been organizing for decades, and George Soros has been funding them. From the chaos of Occupy Wall Street to Black Lives Matter, wherever there is chaos and anarchy in America, George Soros and the Democrat Party are usually behind it. There have been reports for several years of voter fraud efforts, in which it has been suggested that George Soros is involved.  This is just another example of his involvement in a scheme to effect the results of our elections in America by using his vast global network A new campaign, touted as the  October surprise that will end Trump , is seeking to mobilise a  secret swing state  of more than 8 million mostly unregistered  global citizens  and  progressive  Americans living abroad to vote in the U.S. election.The 8 million Americans abroad almost never vote. This dead easy tool can fix that but only if we make it famous: https://t.co/z4l7lekdub  Avaaz (@Avaaz) September 13, 2016The initiative was launched in London in the United Kingdom on Wednesday by  Avaaz , a registered U.S. charity and one the world s largest and most powerful activist groups linked to globalist billionaire George Soros. Campaigners toured from the University College London down to Parliament blasting Bruce Springsteen s  Born in the USA  while chanting  Don t Vote Trump  from an open top bus.While illegal for registered U.S. charities to work with or for presidential candidates, a spokeswoman for Avaaz denied any connection to the Hillary campaign when quizzed. Campaigners with Avaaz however, were recorded shouting,  Vote for Hillary!  during the demonstration.A huge 88 per cent of Americans living abroad did not register to vote in the last presidential election, and Avaaz points out that  this massive untapped voting block  is much more likely to be  progressive  because  56 per cent of us [in the UK] have masters degrees  and overwhelmingly donated to Democratic candidates in the last three presidential primaries.Does anybody really believe this  get out the vote  effort is to register LEGAL American citizens? This effort has fraud written all over it. And with only a little over a month to go before our general election, where is the manpower to pour through all of these new incoming registrations going to come from? If I didn t know better, I d think George Soros and Hillary planned to  to overwhelm our system with last minute foreign votes that can t be properly vetted before the election kinda like their Muslim refugees The view for the top of the @Avaaz Stop Trump battle bus in London. American music, balloons, flags & chanting @LBC pic.twitter.com/slsTFdQti3  Rachael Venables (@rachaelvenables) September 21, 2016 Avaaz has created the world s first, global, citizen s get-out-the-vote drive , Ms. Alexander added.  The more people that share it on Facebook, the more Americans abroad will see it, and the more we will be able to stop the global threat of Trump .The group chose London for the launch as the UK has the  largest concentration of US expats outside of North America , and at the event several Americans registered to vote before the media to prove how easy it is with Avaaz s new tool. For months, the world has sat on the sidelines, horrified by Trump s hate. Now, global citizens have a way to fight back , Emma Ruby-Sachs, Deputy Director of Avaaz added.The charity s website encourages people to email potential U.S. voters in other countries, giving them a template that reads: 8 million Americans abroad could defeat Trump  if they vote! I wanted to make sure you saw this new overseas registration tool that makes voting dead-easy. It literally takes a few minutes :) .Their efforts don t stop in the UK, they are also putting out a call to Mexicans to register to vote. Who will be checking the validity of millions of votes coming in at the last minute? From their  register to vote  for Hillary campaign in Mexico:1 million Americans in Mexico can stop #Trump's wall! #GringosAVotar campaign kicks off Sun 9/25 in Mexico City: https://t.co/Q68FjjJk7d pic.twitter.com/6tv7CES8Cy  Avaaz (@Avaaz) September 21, 2016ENGLISH:Over 1 million US citizens live in Mexico, and their participation in this election is key to stopping Trump and his  beautiful wall.  This Sunday we re meeting at the Angel de la Independencia on Paseo de la Roma, in the heart of Mexico City, to spread the word and register US voters on site.There will be music, great people, and media. Come take a picture of yourself in front of a massive artistic model of Trump s  wall  to say: #GringosAVotar united against Trump! RSVP and share widely with friends.If you are a US passport holder and want to register to vote there on site, make sure to bring a scanned copy of your passport with you. US voters in Mexico can also register directly here: www.avaaz.org/GringosAVotarSomething tells me if Johnny Cash were alive today, he would not approve of these clowns using his music to promote the destruction of America in a foreign land:Via: Breitbart News",0
12947,GRAPHIC RIOT VIDEOS EXPOSE THUGS ATTACKING ELDERLY AND WHITES…And The Black Caucus Is Protesting Today In Support Of This? [Video],"youngers these days are becoming so moist pic.twitter.com/ctKxUQXIAz  6Paths OfA WolfsPain (@GiovanniiDC) September 21, 2016THUGS BEATING UP A RANDOM WHITE GUY:Why are they attacking this random guy?#CharlotteProtest #Charlotte pic.twitter.com/Wt6q7o5iwc  Andrew Quackson (@AndrewQuackson) September 22, 2016 RIOTERS TRYING TO LIGHT A GUY ON FIRE: Peaceful Protesters  just trying to keep a man warm by attempting to light him on fire#CharlotteProtest #Charlotte pic.twitter.com/hWeVAadoi4  Andrew Quackson (@AndrewQuackson) September 22, 2016 RIOTERS BREAKING INTO A STORE:Protestors rush into souvenir store in #Charlotte #CharlotteRiots pic.twitter.com/r0KmeyTkTs  myrcat (@Myrna_Perez) September 22, 2016 RIOTERS PULLING PEOPLE FROM CARS:Agitators are now attempting to surround and pull people out of vehicles. #CharlotteRiot/#CharlotteProtest pic.twitter.com/V5ZokkRxlX  Audit The Media ?? (@AuditTheMedia) September 22, 2016 STEALING JUST BECAUSE Protesters getting even with an ATM for being responsible for the death of a black man.#Charlotte #CharlotteProtest pic.twitter.com/2wDpOgys8E  Andrew Quackson (@AndrewQuackson) September 22, 2016",0
12948,THE SMARTEST WOMAN In Politics: “How Trump Can Knock Out Hillary In The First Debate”,"Monica Crowley offers some of the most brilliant political analysis in conservative media. She is brilliant, witty, and has incredible insight. When Monica Crowley gives Trump a plan on how to knock out Hillary in the first debate, he would do well to listen to her It promises to be the greatest show on earth: the first presidential debate to be held Monday night at Hofstra University in New York. Rarely has a political event attracted this kind of Super Bowl-level excitement, curiosity and anticipation. Then again, rarely have we had two presidential candidates who light up the political sky like Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.Mrs. Clinton has been on the national scene for nearly 30 years and carries all of the baggage of those tumultuous decades: endless scandals, ethical tightrope-walking, legal dodge ball, compulsive lying, slimy blame-shifting, bunker paranoia, the systematic selling of her offices for personal enrichment and the deliberate jeopardizing of the nation s most sensitive secrets for her family s gain. We know what Mrs. Clinton will do, which is what she s always done: lie, fabricate, deflect and distract. Boring and predictable. Donald Trump, on the other hand, is neither   and he has the advantage of being shiny and new. What he does with that opportunity is anyone s guess. I suspect he s been rope-a-doping everybody with the  we re not doing debate prep, we re just hanging out eating cheeseburgers  line and will, in fact, knock out Mrs. Clinton with his command of policy, her long record of failure and the positive agenda he embraces.For a full TKO, Mr. Trump should do four main things.First, he should emphasize his pragmatic vision for turning America around: moving to pro-growth economics, restoring law and order, rebuilding the military and a strong national defense, reigniting America s influence and prestige internationally, and defeating the corrupt, rigged system (as embodied by Mrs. Clinton).As a successful presidential candidate, he must offer voters a positive, compelling reason to vote for him, rather than just against his opponent. That s why it s critical for Mr. Trump to focus on his restorative agenda for the country.Second, as a compliment to his optimistic vision, he must smash Mrs. Clinton, both as a failed  leader  pushing failed policies and a destructive leftist ideology and as a deeply corrupt individual who cannot   must not   be trusted with the presidency.She will try to swarm him with policy details to try to demonstrate that he s unprepared for the highest office in the land. She ll try to sit above the fray, winking that she s  been there, done that.  Well, yes. But the question is not whether she was in the game. It s how she played it   and what results she produced. For her, the result was evermore power and a net worth of over $125 million. For the country, the result is that we are less wealthy, less prosperous, less safe, less secure, less powerful.Mr. Trump doesn t have to show an encyclopedic knowledge of every policy nuance. He simply has to point to the wreckage of the Obama economy and foreign policy and say:  We tried it your way. Mic drop.Third, he should  gaslight  her (hat tip to Alfred Hitchcock) by remaining totally cool and unflappable while calmly pushing on her vulnerabilities, from her disgraceful lack of integrity to her hypocrisy concerning women to standing by silently if she s seized by one of her interminable coughing attacks.This must be done with the greatest care, taking the Reagan approach of regarding her more in sorrow than in anger:  There you go again.  And he should call her Mrs. Clinton in order to link her to the deeply flawed boy who brought her to the dance. For all of the talk about Mr. Trump s alleged  thin skin,  she is extraordinarily prickly. She has never faced a tough election fight or been questioned aggressively or criticized to her face. If Mr. Trump can get under her thin skin, he could provoke a caustic response that will reveal the cosseted elitist behind the frozen smile. Witness candidate Barack Obama s calmly delivered 2008 crack,  You re likeable enough, Hillary.  The steam came out of her ears for days.Finally, Mr. Trump must be a happy warrior. Most voters want to believe that he s the guy not just to fix the country   but to restore their optimism with it. They want to know that he will fight the war for America s future not as a burden but as a joyful privilege. If he can exuberantly convey that America can be saved   and that she is worth saving   he will not just win the debate but perhaps the election.For entire article: Monica Crowley, Washington Times",0
12949,BREAKING! Charlotte News Station Reports Cops Have Dash Cam Of #KeithScott Coming Toward Them With Gun In Hand,"Local Charlotte, NC news station WSOCTV is reporting that sources tell them dash cameras captured Keith Scott getting out of car and coming towards officers with a gun in his hand:#BREAKING: Sources tell Channel 9 dash camera video shows #KeithScott getting out car, coming toward officers with gun in his hand pic.twitter.com/GGuM2Ow3wk  WSOCTV (@wsoctv) September 21, 2016For a second night, protests over a deadly officer-involved shooting in Charlotte, North Carolina, turned violent, with police firing tear gas and demonstrators throwing objects and trying to damage vehicles.Keith Lamont Scott, a father of seven, was killed by police in an apartment complex parking lot Tuesday as officers looked for another man named in a warrant they were trying to serve. The shooting set off a long night of violent protests and Wednesday the demonstrations continued for a second night, starting off as a peaceful march through downtown Charlotte. But when the demonstrators neared an Omni Hotel, some people climbed the roof of an outdoor mall and started throwing objects at the crowd.Other people were banging on the doors of the hotel, and police in riot gear emerged in the entrance.His family said Scott, an African-American, was unarmed and sitting in his car reading a book, waiting for his son to come home from school.But Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney said Scott exited his car with a gun, not a book. He said officers couldn t find a book at the scene. It s time for the voiceless majority to stand up and be heard,  said the police chief, who is black. It s time to change the narrative because I can tell you from the facts that the story s a little bit different as to how it s been portrayed so far, especially through social media.   CNNBut b b but what about the book?Neighbor who says she saw police shoot #KeithScott disputes CMDP's claim that he was armed with a gun. She says he had a book. @wsoctv pic.twitter.com/X1PWw5QJ7O  Mark Barber (@MBarberWSOC9) September 21, 2016And of course, there s Hillary s irresponsible tweet confirming that the cops were in the wrong, without even having any facts to back up her ignorant statement:Keith Lamont Scott. Terence Crutcher. Too many others. This has got to end. -H  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 21, 2016 ",0
12950,BIG MISTAKE! HILLARY JUST Proved To America She’s Committed To Keeping Obama’s Divisive Race War Going,"Dividing America will be Obama s legacy. Hillary continues to prove that she is committed to keeping his legacy of hate and division alive. What Hillary doesn t get is that the majority of Americans are not buying into Obama s divisive legacy that pits gays against straight people, Blacks against Whites, everyone against Christians and so on The reason Donald J.Trump is so popular, is that he conveys a feeling of love for our country and gives Americans the sense that he cares passionately about putting an end to the manufactured division and hate that Obama has spent the last 8 years creating.You may get a lot of retweets and likes from paid trolls and social justice warriors on Twitter Hillary, but your message of division is not going to play well at the polls with the general public who are 100% FED UP with divisive politics on November 8th Keith Lamont Scott. Terence Crutcher. Too many others. This has got to end. -H  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 21, 2016",0
12951,LOL! AMAZON USERS WRITE GUT-BUSTING Reviews For HILLARY’S Disastrous New “Stronger Together” Book,"The extremely exhausted Hillary and her extremely boring VP pick have written a book that is currently #5,301 on the Amazon books bestseller list. It s really quite laughable that with only a little more than one month until the general election, Hillary can be found desperately hawking a book nobody wants to read at a rally in a tiny community center gymnasium in Orlando with only 300 people. That would be funny in and of itself, but Hillary s desperation to sell a horrible book to a tiny and lethargic crowd (who are likely being paid to occupy seats) is not even the best part of the story.It turns out, the book reviews written by Amazon users are a must read! They re hilarious, revealing, and for the most part, when they are describing Crooked Hillary to a tee These are some of the most clever and funniest reviews you will ever see for a political book! Enjoy      A special thank you to GP and @FessEnden4 for making our day!Hillary in Orlando hawking her deplorable book from the stage. Best part is the Amazon reviews of it: https://t.co/cDcuE3aUnm HYSTERICAL! pic.twitter.com/LydcL1lkIz  Fess Enden (@FessEnden4) September 21, 2016",0
12952,WHAT? OUR CIA DIRECTOR Just Admitted To An “Indiscretion” That’s Mind Boggling…How Did This Guy Become CIA Director?," CIA Director John Brennan voted for the Communist Party candidate in the 1976 presidential election.Brennan told a congressional panel last week that he  froze  while taking a CIA polygraph test four years later when the questioner asked him if he had ever worked with or for a group that was  dedicated to overthrowing the U.S.,  CNN reported. This was back in 1980, and I thought back to a previous election where I voted, and I voted for the Communist Party candidate,  Brennan said at a panel discussion regarding diversity in the intelligence community during the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation s annual conference.Read more: WFB",0
12953,WHAT IS GOING ON WITH HILLARY’S EYES…Could It Be Related To Parkinson’s Disease? [VIDEO],"Hillary spoke to a very small group of students at Temple University. With a total student population of just under 38,000, her estimated crowd of 300 would be considered by most, to be a total bust. Unfit Hillary wasn t about to let 37,700 disinterested students stand in the way of addressing 300 paid plants  students about the benefits of a taxpayer funded education or a President who is willing, on behalf of the American taxpayer, to forgive their debts What the heck is Hillary hiding now? What is going on with her eyes in this video?  We looked into symptoms of patients with Parkinson s Disease and here s what we found:Visual motor symptoms of patients with Parkinson s Disease:  Some vision difficulties are related to changes in the movement of the eyeball. These are motor symptoms, similar to other motor symptoms caused by loss of dopamine neurons.  Blurred or double vision, and eye strain, because the eyes may have trouble moving together to focus on things traveling toward or away from a person  Trouble reading, because the eye movements needed to follow the lines of a page are slowed and have trouble starting (similar to gait freezing in the legs)  A person with PD may need to blink in order to change eye position; levodopa can helpLet s put the eye issue aside for a moment and let s examine why Hillary has chosen to talk to this crowd of adults like they re a two year old sitting on her lap, while she reads them a bed-time book? No wonder millennials are leaving her in droves. She s not just a liar, she a a condescending liar as well. She doesn t have enough faith in these young adults to consider they may care about our national security or about getting a good paying job out of college. Her only concern seems to be how to woo them with the free sh*t vote her former opponent Bernie Sanders used to build his base.As The Gateway Pundit reported   Hillary was given assistance getting up the stairs to get to the stage. She needed help. ",0
12954,IT’S A MOVEMENT! TRUMP Releases Great New Ad…With A Little Jab At Hillary [Video],"The comments on the new Donald Trump for president ad are that it s positive. With great shots of the huge crowds at his rally and of Trump shaking some hands, it s a feel good moment that says  America First What s not to love about that? Oh, did you notice how he used the word  TOGETHER VERY CLEVER!",0
12955,WILL TRUMP PULL A “ROMNEY” In His First Debate? Says He Won’t Mention Bill’s Infidelities Unless Hillary Does This… [VIDEO],"Who could forget Mitt Romney s second and third debates with Barack Obama? After the first debate, most Americans were pretty sure that Mitt had successfully exposed Barack as the amateur that he is. But something strange and unexpected happened when Mitt came back for round two. Either he was given bad advice, or he just decided he really didn t want to be President after all. Whatever the case, the next two debates for Mitt were abysmal. He clearly rolled over and played dead, while Barack, with the help of his co-debater Candy Crowley, lied to the american people, as Mitt stood by idly and never uttered a single objection. That was the night Mitt passed on the keys to the White House in favor of civility. Sorry America, but civility doesn t work with the Left who has shown a clear pattern of winning at all cost no matter the consequences America is counting on Trump to use every resource available to take down Hillary in the first debate. If Hillary enabled her husband to prey on, rape or to use his position as President of the United States to gain sexual favors in the Oval Office, we expect Trump to bring it up. We also expect him to answer to all of the women who claimed Hillary threatened them if they spoke out against her perve If Hillary really is the champion of women that she claims to be, she should be ready and willing to defend herself. Please Trump, we beg of you  don t pull a  Romney! It s up to Hillary Clinton whether or not the first presidential debate ends up including an exchange over her husband s White House affair with Monica Lewinsky, Republican Donald Trump said Monday night. I don t think I m looking to do that,  Trump told Fox News host Bill O Reilly when asked whether he was planning to bring up the affair   something Trump raised in media interviews during the primaries. I don t know what I m going to do that exactly. It depends on what level she hits you with, if she s fair, if it s unfair,  Trump said.  But certainly I m not looking to do that. Trump, who slashed through his GOP opponents one-by-one in televised debates during the primaries, said he ll decide on the spot whether to launch personal attacks on Hillary Clinton based on whether she treats him with  respect. I have absolutely no idea. I think this. If she treats me with respect, I will treat her with respect. It really depends,  Trump said.Watch here:https://youtu.be/BnLtdAlfuuM People ask me that question,  oh you re going to go out there and do this and that. I really don t know that. You re going to have to feel it out when you re out there. She s got to treat me with respect. I m going to treat her with respect. I d like to start off by saying that because that would be my intention,  he said.One longtime Clinton advisor isn t so sure Trump will unilaterally disarm when it comes to Lewinsky. You can t put it beyond Trump that Monica Lewinsky will play a role in this debate,  former Clinton and White House counsel Greg Craig told Politico in August. She s got to be prepared to deal with the [Clinton] Foundation and Wall Street and super PACs and all of that. They need to be less focused on dealing with his policy proposals and more on dealing with the unexpected. He s going to be in attack mode, probably the whole time,  Craig said.At several stages in the campaign, Trump has brought up Lewinsky, Bill Clinton rape accuser Juanita Broderick, Whitewater, the death of former Clinton aide Vince Foster, and other 90s era scandals and allegations. Via: Daily Mail ",0
12956,"THIS MAY BE THE CLINTON’S Most DEPLORABLE Act Ever: “The question becomes, ‘how many people lost their lives?'”","Scum of the earth isn t strong enough for these grifters. The Clinton Family must be the most disgusting, self-serving people to ever run a  charitable  organization. So many former Presidents have done such amazing work for people around the world who have faced poverty, sickness and natural disasters. With the billions of dollars the Clinton s received from donors around the world (well, primarily in Hollywood and Saudi Arabi) just think of all of the good they could have done if the Clinton s weren t such selfish, power-hungry human beings Former President Bill Clinton and his Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI) distributed  watered-down  HIV/AIDs drugs to patients in sub-Saharan Africa, and  likely increased  the risks of morbidity and mortality, according to a draft congressional report obtained by The Daily Caller News Foundation.The congressional report, titled, The Clinton Foundation and The India Success Story,  was initiated by Rep. Marsha Blackburn, a Tennessee Republican and vice-chair of the House Energy and Commerce Committee.The CHAI program to help AIDS victims is considered one of the Clinton Foundation s most important contributions and is probably its best known initiative.The congressional report focused on Clinton s decade-long relationship with a controversial Indian drug manufacturer called Ranbaxy, which CHAI used as one of its main distributors of HIV/AIDS drugs to Third World countries.It also highlighted the work of Dinesh Thakur, a former Ranbaxy employee who became a star whistleblower, permitting the U.S. government to launch a landmark lawsuit against the Indian firm. The company was vulnerable to U.S. prosecution because it also sold its generic drugs on the U.S. market.Ranbaxy ultimately pleaded guilty in 2013 to seven criminal counts with intent to defraud and the introduction of adulterated drugs into interstate commerce.The Department of Justice further levied a $500 million fine and forfeiture on the company.  This is the largest false claims case ever prosecuted in the District of Maryland, and the nation s largest financial penalty paid by a generic pharmaceutical company,  said U.S. Attorney for the District of Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein when Ranbaxy pleaded guilty. When companies sell adulterated drugs, they undermine the integrity of the FDA s approval process and may cause patients to take drugs that are substandard, ineffective, or unsafe,  said Stuart F. Delery, acting assistant attorney general for the civil division of the Department of Justice, when the government announced its action against the Indian company.The Department of Justice stated in its final settlement,  alleged due to the company s diluted drugs, it  subjected patients to increased risks of morbidity and mortality,  according to the report. The question becomes,  how many people lost their lives, how many people found it was a false promise,  asked Blackburn in an interview with TheDCNF.The possibility that CHAI distributed adulterated and diluted AIDS drugs to Third World victims could shake the foundations of the Clinton charity and spark a new round of scrutiny in the final weeks of presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s campaign.Blackburn said she planned to deliver the report to the inspector generals at the Department of Health and Human Services and to the Department of State, where Hillary served as secretary of state during President Barack Obama s first term.The congressional study also highlighted the unseemly ties between Bill and two controversial Indian-Americans who have been investigated and sanctioned by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Securities and Exchange Commission.The most troubling revelations concern the Clinton Foundation s vigorous promotion of Ranbaxy despite mounting evidence the Indian firm had persistently poor quality control and attempted to cover it up through either faulty or fraudulent reporting to the FDA.It is unclear at this juncture how many AIDS patients received the  watered-down  drugs.ProPublica estimated that in 2007 alone, the U.S. Agency for International Development allocated $9 million to Ranbaxy and delivered  more than $1.8 million packages. Substandard HIV medicines cause health problems for patients, perhaps even accelerating death from HIV-related infections,  Roger Bate, an economist at the American Enterprise Institute who researches substandard and counterfeit medicines, told TheDCNF.Thakur told TheDCNF that many of the company s anti-retroviral drugs were used to stabilize platelet and white blood cell counts in AIDS patients. These drugs allow it to stabilize and essentially provide immunity to patients. If the content of the medicine is not what is listed on the label, you will not see the platelet levels or the WBC levels stabilize,  he said.Ranbaxy s first public hint of problems occurred in August 2004, one year after CHAI began working with the firm. The World Health Organization reported irregularities involving three Ranbaxy drugs in South Africa, according to the report.The FDA sent a public  warning letter  to Ranbaxy in 2006 about reported irregularities in the company s quality control efforts. It concluded that the drugs, which included anti-retroviral HIV/AIDs medications,  show much lower potencies in these batches. Although Ranbaxy s generic drugs are now barred from being sold in the U.S., CHAI and the former president continue to praise Ranbaxy and distribute the company s HIV/AID drugs to patients abroad.Bill heaped praise on Ranbaxy in 2013 during a speech in Mumbai, saying, the drugs saved millions of lives.Neither CHAI nor the Clinton Foundation have announced they severed ties with Ranbaxy.For entire story: The Daily Caller ",0
12957,HILLARY CLINTON Abruptly Cancels Fundraiser In NC Today…Sleepy or Sick?,"Zero Hedge reported:If there was a time Hillary needed to make a public appearance in the key battleground state of North Carolina to drum up voter support, it was today, if for no other reason than a just released Elon University poll finding Trump now has a modest 44% advantage among likely voters in the Tar Heel State, with 43% going to Clinton.According to the poll, most voters felt Trump would be better for rich people, white people and men, while most believe Clinton would be better for poor people, women and minorities.  This election is so tight right now, that small swings of a few points should be expected between now and November,  said Jason Husser, assistant professor of political science at Elon and director of the Elon University Poll.  North Carolina has been extremely important over the last several election cycles with very tight election outcomes. These numbers suggest that will continue to be the case, and both campaigns would do well to continue to focus on the Old North State. It s not just the closeness of the poll that makes NC so critical; it s also Trump s recent rebound, which as shown in the following chart from Real Clear Politics has him taking the lead for the first time since late June.Which is why we find it surprising that with Hillary s desperately needing to make an appearance, overnight CBS reported that Clinton campaign officials said that a Tuesday fundraiser in Chapel Hill was postponed.",0
12958,NJ DEM RUNNING FOR CONGRESS Claims His Opponent Is Like A “Rural Alabama Conservative”…And That’s A BAD Thing? [Video],"Please listen to this incredibly offensive commercial from Josh Gottheimer who attacks his opponent for being  divisive by attacking another state and demeaning everyone in Alabama as a racist. On a personal note, I m from Georgia and find that people from the South are stereotyped like crazy! How offensive is this? The people of new jersey should send this goofball packing for his idiotic commercial! Gottheimer was a former speechwriter for Bill Clinton which explains everything!",0
12959,TRUMP FALSELY ACCUSED OF ENCOURAGING Police to Racially Profile by Biased CNN!,"What Trump actually said was: Our police are amazing. Our local police   they know who a lot of these people are. They are afraid to do anything about it because they don t want to be accused of profiling and they don t want to be accused of all sorts of things. You know, in Israel they profile. They ve done an unbelievable job, as good as you can do. But Israel has done an unbelievable job, and they ll profile. They see somebody that s suspicious, they will profile. They will take that person and they ll check out. Do we have a choice? Look what s going on. Do we really have a choice? We re trying to be so politically correct in our country. And this is only going to get worse. The above screenshot  shows the contradiction. CNN indicates that Trump is supporting  racial  profiling, while they go on to  show his exact quote where he does not state  racial .H/T [ Breaking 911 ] ",0
12960,NYC BOMBER’S DAD Reveals Son’s Terrorist Attack Could Have Been Stopped If They’d Listened To Him…The FBI Clearly Missed That Narrative," Two years before the bombings that Ahmad Khan Rahami is suspected of carrying out in New York and New Jersey, his father told the police that his son was a terrorist, prompting a review by federal agents, according to two law enforcement officials.The father, Mohammad Rahami, in a brief interview on Tuesday, said that at the time he told agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation about his concern, his son had just had a fight with another of his sons and stabbed the man, leading to a criminal investigation. Two years ago I go to the F.B.I. because my son was doing really bad, O.K.?  he said.  But they check almost two months, they say,  He s O.K., he s clean, he s not a terrorist.  I say O.K. He added:  Now they say he is a terrorist. I say O.K. It is not clear if officers ever interviewed Ahmad Rahami, but as investigators turn their focus to what might have motivated, inspired or led him to plant bombs in Chelsea in Manhattan and on the Jersey Shore, new clues are emerging indicating that he may have been increasingly receptive to extremist ideology.When Mr. Rahami was captured during a shootout with the police on Monday, the authorities found a notebook, pierced with a bullet hole and covered in blood, expressing opinions sympathetic to jihadist causes, according to a law enforcement official who agreed to speak about the investigation only on the condition of anonymity.Read more: NYT",0
12961,ANYONE WHO Still Supports Hillary After They See This Video Should Forfeit Their Right To Vote,"Hillary is without a doubt, the worst and most despicable liar to ever run for the office of President Of The United States Hillary is a sociopathic liar: A sociopath is typically defined as someone who lies incessantly to get their way and does so with little concern for others. A sociopath is often goal-oriented (i.e., lying is focused it is done to get one s way). Sociopaths have little regard or respect for the rights and feelings of others.https://twitter.com/HlLLARYCLINT0N/status/777660956088406017",0
12962,GEORGE SOROS WILL DUMP $500 MILLION Into Obama’s Plan To Flood America With Muslim Refugees Vetted By UN,"Billionaire investor and all around puppet master, George Soros, said in an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal that he would invest $500 million to meet the needs refugees.The payout answers the Obama administration s  Call to Action  initiative, asking U.S. companies to help ease the migrant crisis.Soros, the founder of the Open Society Foundations, stated that he intends to work as closely as possible with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the International Rescue Committee to properly manage his investments.Fact Sheet for Obama s  Call To Action : ViewHow are these refugees chosen and vetted, an by whom?It is a bit concerning that to even get on the site that can provide the information on how refugees are vetted you have to sign in to the National Journal website.The BBC did piece on the vetting process that outlines the UN s deep ties to the system: ViewThis outline details how the UN and the U.S. State Department basically run the vetting process. Which is extremely concerning seeing as how Obama has been known to recruit Muslim Foreign Service Officers through Jihad Conferences, as reported here at Judicial WatchIf you look closely at the above links and tie them all to what we know is a corrupt relationship between Soros and Obama it becomes very apparent that the influx of refugees isn t a charitable act to save lives. We re being taken over by an outstanding number of possibly dangerous individuals and they are funded by those up on high.Basically muslims are vetting other muslims and telling us they are not dangerous while the government drives us farther into debt with the expense of these refugees even though they know that many if not most of these refugees are in fact ties somehow to terrorist organizations with a strong intent to kill us. No wonder the terrorist attack numbers on our homeland has been higher in the last 8 years then ever in American history.How do you feel about that? I for one am not ok with any of it. H/T [ Breitbart ]Featured Photo Via Foreign Policy Magazine",0
12963,VETERAN RIPS INTO OBAMA And Democrats For Their Failures and Lies [VIDEO],"United States Army veteran, A.D. Bell, tore into President Obama in a video posted to his YouTube channel this Sunday. He expresses his frustration with Obama and the fact that nothing in the country is any better in the minority communities as Democrats claim. When President Barack Obama said he d find it a personal insult if the people, black people in particular, don t vote for Hillary Clinton. I find it a personal insult that you ve only made one attempt to reach out to these people. People have been calling on him to come back to Chicago for a long time. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2146tlPyyQ#action=shareH/T [ Young Cons",0
12964,BREAKING: FEMALE LAW STUDENT Busts Hillary’s “Oh Sh*t” IT Guy Who Was Seeking Help To Scrub Hillary’s Name From Emails…Wikileaks Applauds!,"Will this FINALLY be the straw that breaks the camel s back? Wow and it s not even October yet! Things are not looking good for #CrookedHillary The House Oversight Committee is reviewing a Reddit post that alleges an IT specialist who worked on Hillary Clinton s private server sought advice on how to alter the contents of  VERY VIP  emails, according to Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.).Meadows is the chairman of the panel s Government Operations subcommittee. The Reddit post issue and its connection to Paul Combetta is currently being reviewed by OGR staff and evaluations are being made as to the authenticity of the post,  Meadows told The Hill. Reddit users appear to have uncovered a two-year-old post from an account believed to belong to Combetta, an engineer with Platte River Networks. The Denver, Colo.-based firm managed Clinton s private server.The Reddit Archives that are allegedly Combetta s, can be found near end of article. Combetta was granted immunity from Obama s Department of Justice in their investigation of Clinton.Combetta was the employee who deleted all of Hillary Clinton s emails.According users on Reddit, Combetta asked for assistance in July 2014 from Reddit users on how to purge emails and how to strip VIP s email address from  a bunch of archived emails.  -GPhttps://twitter.com/juliangwan/status/778006379596509184The post, which has been deleted but can be read in images archived by Reddit users, coincides with the discovery of Clinton s use of the server.Busted:Proof of Intent to Obstruct Justice 2 Years Ago from #HillarysHackerReddit Post Reveals. pic.twitter.com/aVgdV8gDla  The Truther (@4evertruther) September 19, 2016 I may be facing a very interesting situation where I need to strip out a VIP s (VERY VIP) email address from a bunch of archived email  Basically, they don t want the VIP s email address exposed to anyone, and want to be able to either strip out or replace the email address in the to/from fields in all of the emails we want to send out,  reads the post, by a user called  stonetear. Does anyone have experience with something like this, and/or suggestions on how this might be accomplished? Here is the Twitter user who uncovered Combetta s requests for help on Reddit:SMOKING GUN: ""BleachBit"" Paul Combetta ASKED TO STRIP OR REPLACE VIP's EMAIL ADDRESS! https://t.co/nz13MqzWth #MAGA pic.twitter.com/qQII96JI76  Katica (@GOPPollAnalyst) September 19, 2016Here she is discussing her find:Great job! That's some damned good sleuthing, you should give the FBI some lessons.  Girl_Grimly (@ed_grimly) September 19, 2016Thank you!!! I'm studying law (MS) with concentrations in eDiscovery/eLitigation, but close! I have amazing professors. https://t.co/baaz6PqJaw  Katica (@GOPPollAnalyst) September 19, 2016Wikileaks cheered Katica s good work on Twitter, and she was thrilled:This is so awesome to be to have @wikileaks on this. *swoon* https://t.co/CfXpo8PctY  Katica (@GOPPollAnalyst) September 20, 2016Combetta is currently one of the targets of a broader Oversight investigation on whether Clinton ordered the destruction of emails that had been subpoenaed by the Benghazi Select Committee. If it is determined that the request to change email addresses was made by someone so closely aligned with the Secretary s IT operation as Mr. Combetta, then it will certainly prompt additional inquiry,  Meadows told The Hill.  The date of the Reddit post in relationship to the establishment of the Select Committee on Benghazi is also troubling. The Reddit message was sent on July 23, 2014, according to an archive of the page saved by other users. The day before, the Benghazi Committee had reached an agreement with the State Department on the production of related records, according the FBI s investigation into Clinton s use of the server.The identity of the  stonetear  user is not confirmed. Reddit users point to the fact that an account on the online marketplace Easy for a Paul Combetta has the username  stonetear  and the inactive website combetta.com is registered to the email address stonetear@gmail.com.Combetta appeared under subpoena in a committee hearing last week on the alleged destruction of evidence, but both he and colleague Bill Thornton exercised their Fifth Amendment right not to testify.borismkv: There is no supported way to do what you re asking. You can only delete emails after they re stored in the database. You can t change them. If there was a feature in Exchange that allowed this, it could result in major legal issues. There may be ways to hack a solution, but I am not aware of any. permalinkembedsavegive goldstonetear: As a PST file or exported MSG files, this could be done though, yes? The issue is that these emails involve the private email address of someone you d recognize, and we re trying to replace it with a placeholder address as to not expose it.exproject: To my knowledge, there s no way to edit existing messages, that s a possibility for a discovery nightmare. To strip/rename on outbound/inbound you could rewrite it with a transport rule.stonetear: That wouldn t work on existing messages though right?odoprasm: Is there no way to access and edb manually?stonetear: I have full access to the server   what are you suggesting with the EDB file?stonetear: I think maybe I wasn t clear enough in the original post. I have these emails available in a PST file. Can I rewrite them in the PST? I could also export to MSG and do some sort of batch find/replace. Anyone know of tools that might help with this?exproject: Just because you have the messages available in multiple formats and locations doesn t change that it s an attribute of the envelope not meant to be rewritten. The functionality is just not built into any tool I know of. Having that functionality would create the ability to screw with discovery (I mean, there could be mitigation with versioning, but that would need other configuration) While it may not be a read-only part of the envelope(I m not actually sure), the only tool that MIGHT be able to do what you want is MFCMapi, and I don t think you want to play with that for this job. The chance of getting it wrong would be pretty high I think and it is not a particularly friendly tool. I m not sure it could be scripted with it either. My recommendation would be what /u/borismkv said. Making a mailbox for VIP and telling them to use that. Forwarding to VIPs mailbox would be ripe for them to just respond directly instead of responding through his relay mailbox. As for your existing messages, if the current users absolutely cannot see the existing messages, you ll need to do a search and export and just forcibly remove the messages from their mailboxes. It s not clean and not advised by me, but if they don t want VIPs address out there it will need to be removed. I would do a search with his email address as the query with -LogOnly -LogLevel Full and see what kind of results you get.EDIT: Holy shit they actually deleted all their comments from a 2 year old reddit post, I think we hit gold on this one. Archive.is link of the deleted reddit postCan somebody make sure we have the twitter posts archived too? I really don t trust twitter to keep those up.  Gateway PunditHere is the ARCHIVE of the messages that were deleted on Reddit.UPDATE: Here s a screengrab of the archived pictures from Reddit:The committee has scheduled another hearing on the  preservation of State Department records  for Thursday.Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) has issued a criminal referral asking the U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia to investigate deletions from the server.This latest probe stems from revelations from the 58-page report issued by the FBI summarizing its investigation into Clinton s use of the server.According to the FBI s report, an unnamed Platte River Networks technician deleted an archive of emails from the server in March 2015   after the House Select Committee on Benghazi had issued a subpoena for records relating to the 2012 attack on the Libyan outpost.According to the FBI s notes, longtime Clinton aide Cheryl Mills instructed Platte River Networks to delete a set of archived emails in December 2014. Mills told investigators Clinton had decided she no longer needed access to emails older than 60 days.But the technician apparently forgot the request and didn t immediately comply. According to the FBI report, between March 25 and March 31 of 2015, the technician  believed he had an  oh shit  moment and   deleted the Clinton archive mailbox from the [Platte River Networks] server. Reporting from The New York Times has since identified Combetta as that technician, citing an anonymous law enforcement official and others familiar with the FBI probe.Clinton and Mills told the FBI that they had no knowledge of the technician s deletion of the emails. The technician, according to the report,  was aware of the existence of the [Benghazi Committee] preservation request and the fact that it meant he should not disturb Clinton s email data on the [Platte River Networks] server.    The HillFrom Representative Steven Smith:BREAKING: Citizen Journalist breaks HUGE Clinton email story PROVING Hillary ORDERED EMAILS TO BE STRIPPED! #MAGA https://t.co/m5fYUmibpT  Rep. Steven Smith (@RepStevenSmith) September 19, 2016Rep. Steven Smith posted this on Monday morning.  BREAKING: Citizen Journalist breaks HUGE Clinton email story PROVING Hillary ORDERED EMAILS TO BE STRIPPED! ""The issue is that these emails involve the private email address of someone you'd recognize."" WOW!#HillarysHacker pic.twitter.com/j9fDrm4HGU  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) September 20, 2016",0
12965,HUFFINGTON POST WAVES WHITE FLAG…Calls Race For Trump…”Journalists” Pack For Canada,"This is not just a win for the  Alt-Right  or for the Republican Party, this is a win for America. American voters are about to prove that it s possible for an outsider who loves his country so damn much, that he s willing walk away from a multi-billion dollar business and essentially  trade down  his glamorous NYC and Palm Beach estates, can and WILL win the most coveted prize for career politicians. For many of us, the idea of Donald J. Trump beating the odds-on favorite sociopathic liar, Hillary Clinton and her serial rapist husband, is a victory we could have never imagined only one year ago. We ve watched Donald Trump interview candidates for top jobs in his company for years on his  Apprentice  TV show. He knows how to pick a winner because he knows precisely what it takes to be a winner. After 8 long years of being kicked around and humiliated by Iran, Russia, Iraq, North Korea and China, American voters are ready for a leader to represent us, someone who gives us hope that America can, and will win again. Of course the idea of winning, or being the best at something is triggering liberals in the media to pack their suitcases and head for a more mediocre environment, one where the idea of  Making America Great  again is mocked and ridiculed. To the whiny, mediocre liberals we say,  So long Lefties!  We can never make America great again if half the nation believes we need to be sorry for our successes. So don t let the door hit ya where the good Lord split ya .And oh yeah, don t forget to come back and visit when you or a family member needs quality health care. Give us a couple of years to fix this Obamacare mess We ll be waiting If Donald Trump does sack the fortress, no one who lost the battle will want to admit it was Hillary Clinton s fault. It will have had nothing to do with, say,  transparency  or calling bearded villagers  deplorables  or the Iraq War vote or the simple fact that middle-of-the-road Clintonism ran out of gas as a public philosophy.No, other individuals, groups and forces will have to be blamed. In fact, they already are, pre-emptively. If Trump wins, we re all going to be too busy moving to Canada to read the postmortems (or write them), so we offer them to you now:1. THE MEDIA Everyone s pi ata. Trump will blame the media. Gary Johnson will blame the media. Jill Stein will blame the media. (The media will ask,  Wait, which one was Jill Stein? )2. THE RUSSIANS ARE COMING Actually, they arrived long ago and got into her phone.3. MILLENNIALS Ugh. F**cking idealists, right?4. BERNIE SANDERS Remember when people worried that running unopposed in the primary would hurt Clinton? It s going to be an endless wail about how Sanders should have withdrawn sooner.5. BILL CLINTON You know how this will go down: Best campaigner of all time and he couldn t close the sale. He lost his mojo.6. SEXISTS Ugh. F**cking glass ceiling.7. OBAMA PEOPLE If they could delete all of David Axelrod s tweets, they would.8. JAMES COMEY He might as well have indicted her for real, like he did in the court of public opinion. Extremely careless.9. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ AND THE DNC Her Soviet-style approach to boosting Clinton was something that Hillary s campaign was happy to countenance. But the former DNC chair should have left room for dissent rather than let it bottle up.  Huffington PostPlease note that nowhere on this list will you find the real reason the Democrats lost. And no, it s not Hillary it s actually the American voters desire to be great again period. ",0
12966,HOW CAN HILLARY SAY THIS WITH A STRAIGHT FACE? [VIDEO],Hillary Clinton and Obama need to take responsibility for the rise of ISIS! She cannot blame her opponent in this election. The bottom line is she was horrible on foreign affairs as Secretary of State! Libya and all of the Middle East is much worse off after 8 years of Obama! Hillary is so delusional that she wants a 550% increase in refugees coming to America!,0
12967,DISTURBING VIDEO Shows HILLARY’S Campaign Likely FAKED Her Audience At NC Rally,"On September 15, Hillary  apparently  held a rally in the Old Student Recreational Center at the University of North Carolina in Greensboro, NC. This was her first public appearance since she convulsed and had to be lifted into her van following the 9-11 memorial in NYC. Hillary s campaign was quick to blame the heat until they discovered conservative websites were able to quickly access the weather and determine that it was a balmy 74 degrees in NYC! Hillary was quickly whisked away to her daughter Chelsea s apartment following her  incident,  passing more than one hospital on the way to  recuperate.  Did Hillary recover from her  incident  or was this rally faked to make it look like she did?Here is the first video of Hillary s Greensboro, NC rally that was causing viewers to ask  what the heck are those cameras in Hillary s  audience  pointing at?  If you look closely, it sure isn t Hillary!Watch this video first, and then the video below to get a closer analysis of what appears to be a phony rally for Hillary at https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU5/status/777263623915745280This stunning video takes the viewer through and shows step-by-step where the audience is faked:Here is the actual video from C-Span to prove nothing was doctored in the videos above. Holy moly!",0
12968,WHOA! NEW DISTURBING VIDEO Shows HILLARY’S Campaign Likely FAKED Her Audience At NC Rally,"On September 15, Hillary  apparently  held a rally in the Old Student Recreational Center at the University of North Carolina in Greensboro, NC. This was her first public appearance since she convulsed and had to be lifted into her van following the 9-11 memorial in NYC. Hillary s campaign was quick to blame the heat until they discovered conservative websites were able to quickly access the weather and determine that it was a balmy 74 degrees in NYC! Hillary was quickly whisked away to her daughter Chelsea s apartment following her  incident,  passing more than one hospital on the way to  recuperate.  Did Hillary recover from her  incident  or was this rally faked to make it look like she did?Here is the first video of Hillary s Greensboro, NC rally that was causing viewers to ask  what the heck are those cameras in Hillary s  audience  pointing at?  If you look closely, it sure isn t Hillary!Watch this video first, and then the video below to get a closer analysis of what appears to be a phony rally for Hillary at https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU5/status/777263623915745280This stunning video takes the viewer through and shows step-by-step where the audience is faked:Here is the actual video from C-Span to prove nothing was doctored in the videos above. Holy moly!",0
12969,CAN WE ADD DIRTY MONEY ‘LAUNDERING’ To The Obama $1.7 Billion Iran Ransom Payment?,"A member of the House Intelligence Committee is accusing the Obama administration of laundering some $1.7 billion in U.S. taxpayer dollars to Iran through a complicated network that included the New York Federal Reserve and several European banks, according to conversations with sources and new information obtained by the lawmaker and viewed by the Washington Free BeaconNew disclosures made by the Treasury Department to Rep. Mike Pompeo (R., Kan.), a House Intelligence Committee member, show that an initial $400 million cash payment to Iran was wired to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (FRBNY) and then converted from U.S. dollars into Swiss francs and moved to an account at the Swiss National Bank, according to a copy of communication obtained exclusively by the Free Beacon.Once the money was transferred to the Swiss Bank, the  FRBNY withdrew the funds from its account as Swiss franc banknotes and the U.S. Government physically transported them to Geneva  before personally overseeing the handover to an agent of Iran s central bank, according to the documents. It looks as if the White House made just about every corner of the executive branch complicit in covering up the extent of its payments to Iran,  the source said.  Congress was already aggressively looking into payments involving the State, Treasury, and Energy Departments. Now it s the Justice Department, too. We already know that top officials from Justice objected strongly to the ransom deal, but were overruled. Congress wants to know what happened and why. Read more: WFB",0
12970,TRUMPS BIGGEST LITTLE FAN KNOCKS It Out Of The Park [VIDEO],This 11 year old girl gives me such great hope for our future. This video has been going around for a few days and I think it is important to outline the children that will be greatly affected by this upcoming election. Our children are much more in-tune to politics an social going-ons then most of us were at their ages and it s an amazing thing to see.Her enthusiasm and knowledge is refreshing that s for sure. There have been many children at rallies in support and in opposition and we need to really start taking their presence into account. There is a definite shift in this country and it starts at home.Featured image and video courtesy of ITV News,0
12971,HILLARY EPICALLY BOMBS PRESS CONFERENCE About Weekends Attacks By Saying All The Wrong Things [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton is known world-wide for saying and doing the most ridiculous things, but her press conference concerning the attacks over the weekend has to be the most ridiculous to date.Any American that truly decides to actually listen to the things she said can see that she has run out of any form of ammo against Trump that she thought she had.Just a few of the things she said that will make you think twice: We need a better Visa System. Lets remember what happened on 9/11. These were not refugees. We need to do everything we can to support law enforcement. We will defeat the evil, twisted ideology of the terrorists.   Take the fight to ISIS everywhere they threaten us. These are just a few in a 12 minute long dialogue that sounds like she is doing her best to literally say the opposite of everything she has ever said before.  Hillary even has the gall to claim that Trump is aiding and abetting terrorists. She must have forgotten that she is the one who takes monetary gifts from places like Iran.In an ironic twist Hillary basically blames Trump for any and all attacks saying that his anti-Muslim rhetoric is the root cause for Muslims to want to attack us. Really Hillary?Clinton has tried to push the refugee program on us even after it was made clear that the  refugees  cannot be vetted properly. She has fully supported Black Lives Matter and continuously disrespects Law Enforcement. Hillary has said more than once that she supports the rights of Muslims in America (Sharia Law). Furthermore she tries to label anyone that protests the radical ideology of Islam as terrorists. Every word she says in the press conference is a direct contradiction of her record:",0
12972,BREAKING: NYC BOMBING SUSPECT ARRESTED After Shooting NJ Cop!,"Ahmad Rahami has been identified as a suspect in the New York and New Jersey bombings over the weekend, and he has been taken into custody Monday after shooting a police officer in Linden, New Jersey, around 11 a.m.Thankfully the officer injuries are non-life-threatening, a senior official told NBC News. Two sources said that Rahami had also been shot and is on the way to a local hospital.This Saturday, a bomb exploded in the New Jersey shore town on Seaside Park, forcing a large charity race to cancel. Later the same day, a bombing in New York s Chelsea neighborhood injured 29 people. Officers found a possible secondary device nearby. Then on Sunday, five additional explosive devices were found near a train station in Elizabeth, New Jersey. Rahami, a 28-year-old Afghan-born U.S. citizen, was identified as a suspect on Monday in the bombings after authorities found a fingerprint on one of the devices that had not been detonated.The suspect was sleeping in the doorway of a local bar when the bar owner happened to recognize him and called 911.  The police approached Rahami and he sat up. The officer recognized him and told him to put his hands up. Rhami then shot the officer in the stomach but the officer was wearing a bullet proof vest so his injuries are thankfully minor. Rahami ran and started shooting at cars and passersby when he was shot and then taken into custody.  The story is developing.Obama didn t comment on the breaking story at his news conference. He also never mentioned the suspect during the short press conference.H/T [ NY Daily ] ",0
12973,RUSSIA HITS OBAMA…HARD: “We are reaching a really terrifying conclusion for the whole world: That the White House is defending Islamic State.,"U.S.-led coalition air strikes killed dozens of Syrian soldiers on Saturday, endangering a U.S.-Russian ceasefire and prompting an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting as tensions between Moscow and Washington escalated.Just a few days ago it was reported that Putin felt that if anything happened to damage the tentative ceasefire agreement that it would be Obama s fault. Seems he was right.Reuters reported:The United States military said the coalition stopped the attacks against what it had believed to be Islamic State positions in northeast Syria after Russia informed it that Syrian military personnel and vehicles may have been hit.  The United States relayed its  regret  through the Russian government for what it described as the unintentional loss of life of Syrian forces in the strike, a senior Obama administration official said in an emailed statement.  Pentagon press secretary Peter Cook said in an emailed statement that Russian officials did not voice concerns earlier on Saturday when informed that coalition aircraft would be operating in the strike area.  The 15-member Security Council met on Saturday night after Russia demanded an emergency session to discuss the incident and accused the United States of jeopardizing the Syria deal.  The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power, chastised Russia for the move. Russia really needs to stop the cheap point scoring and the grandstanding and the stunts and focus on what matters, which is implementation of something we negotiated in good faith with them,  Power told reporters. She said the United States was investigating the air strikes and  if we determine that we did indeed strike Syrian military personnel, that was not our intention and we of course regret the loss of life.  When asked if the incident spelled the end of the Syria deal between Moscow and Washington, Russia s U.N. Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said:  This is a very big question mark.   I would be very interested to see how Washington is going to react. If what Ambassador Power has done today is any indication of their possible reaction then we are in serious trouble,  Churkin told reporters. Moscow cited the strikes, which allowed Islamic State fighters to briefly overrun a Syrian army position near Deir al-Zor airport, as evidence that the United States was helping the jihadist militants.   We are reaching a really terrifying conclusion for the whole world: That the White House is defending Islamic State. Now there can be no doubts about that,  the RIA Novosti news agency quoted Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova as saying.  Power said Zakharova should be embarrassed by that claim. Churkin said Russia had no  specific evidence  of the United States colluding with Islamic State militants. The Syrian conflict has been a tug-o-war between Washington and Moscow for some time now. Both Putin an Obama have pulled maneuvers that could have been detrimental to all involved, but this latest air-strike was such an obvious and epic failure that Obama can t hide from. We have all felt that he supports the Islamic State terror group and if this  accident  doesn t show that then nothing will. Lets hope an pray that the ramifications aren t too harsh.The discussions are still being maintained in a diplomatic way thankfully and they haven t reached a level of action by Russia against the U.S. as of yet.H/T [ Reuters ] ",0
12974,"DUMB AS A ROCK…Gary Johnson On NYC, MN Terror Attacks: “I’m Just Grateful That Nobody Got Hurt” [VIDEO]","Saturday s bomb blast in New York City injured 29 people, and 9 more people were stabbed by the Muslim attacker in St. Cloud, MN. on the same day. Not to worry though,  Aleppo Gary  is on top of it and he s  just glad no one got hurt. Could you just put the bong down until the campaign s over Gary? ",0
12975,Hillary Supporters Can Now Add “ANTI-TRUMP” TONY To Her “Basket Of Sex Offenders” [VIDEO],"How many Hillary supporters does it take to fill a basket of serious sex offenders? Let s see, there s Bill and then there s Bill s pedophile friend Jeffrey Epstein, and oh yeah now we can add Tony to the basket of men who assault the candidate who represents women?Something tells me Trump supporters would rather be in Hillary s imaginary basket of deplorables You might remember a Hispanic political activist named Tony Yapias, who was extremely critical of Donald Trump s assertion that some illegal Mexican aliens were rapists.Tony Yapias is the director of  Proyecto Latino de Utah . Mr. Yapias also coordinated numerous protest events against Donald Trump including a rather violent display in Salt Lake City, Utah.Yes, it appears Mexican rapist Tony Yapias felt additionally empowered by the fact his victim was less likely to be able to contact law enforcement.However, as Fox13 in Salt Lake City reports:[ ] Despite the woman s fears concerning immigration issues, court documents state, she reported the assault the day after it happened. She was also examined by a forensic nurse who found she had multiple physical injuries consistent with her explanation of what happened (link)Mr. Yapias threatened, raped and blackmailed his victim specifically because of her undocumented illegal immigration status.  Conservative TreehouseWatch Tony complain that a list was released with names of Hispanic illegal alines living in Utah. He actually calls it an act of  terrorism  against the illegal aliens.  This is how these people roll ",0
12976,"MN SOMALI Residents Comment On MUSLIM Who Stabbed Innocent People At Mall: Was “Exceptional” Student, “Helped his family…Never had a violent history”","He was such a nice boy!Where have we heard this BS before?Alleged images of reported knife attacker, 22-year-old Dahir Adan #StCloudMall #Minnesota pic.twitter.com/99irKmK3BJ  DivaKnevil   (@DivaKnevil) September 18, 2016Somali-American leaders are expressing shock and sympathy over attacks Saturday at Crossroads Center by a man from their community. Dahir Adan attacked several shoppers with a knife in the St. Cloud, Minnesota mall designated as a  gun free zone. The mall Crossroads Center has a  Code of Conduct  that forbids  firearms or illegal weapons.  There are no reports on whether there were any concealed carry permit holders who were present when the attack occurred but were unable to defend themselves due to mall policy. However, the attack was stopped by an off-duty officer who carried his gun with him, the  gun free  policy notwithstanding.Breitbart News reported the attack occurred between 8:20 and 9 pm local time. ABC affiliate KSTP reports that at least eight people were injured in the attack; the St. Cloud Times notes that one of those eight was admitted to the hospital, while the rest sustained  non-life threatening injuries.  The attack ended when the off-duty officer shot and killed the knife-welding attacker.KSTP confirms the attacker made references to Allah at some point during the attack.They say they are uncertain of motives behind the attack by Dahir Adan, who was killed during the spree by an off-duty police officer. Religious leaders point out that Islam does not condone violence, and one leader is cautioning that the actions should not prompt retaliation.  Breitbart News The entire community are shocked by this incident. The family and the community would like to know the whole picture of this incident,  said Abdul Kulane, a leader in the Somali community.  Again, our sympathy goes to the families and victims and the entire community. Leaders spoke as representatives for the family. We have came today to visit the family that was affected by this. It is really very tragic,  Kulane said.  St. Cloud and Somali community leaders, we would like to express our condolences to the victims and their families, from the incident at Crossroad mall. We would like to offer our sympathies to those affected, their families and the entire St. Cloud community. He said the family and community are awaiting the full picture of the incident from police. This is what we do know so far: The alleged suspect is Dahir Ahmed Adan. We know him in this community as an exceptional graduate from Apollo High School. He graduated with an honor. He was also a junior student from SCSU, St. Cloud State University,  Kulane said.  While maintaining a high GPA, he worked part-time as a private security officer. He was helpful to his family and as far as we know, he never had a violent history, as far as his family and the community can remember. He was a friendly and active community member. The details of the actual incident are unclear. All the information circulating in the media are speculations,  Kulane said.  These are the facts we know: He went to buy an iPhone from the Crossroads mall,  Kulane said.  The last time he was seen was 6-6:30 p.m.   SCTimes",0
12977,THE REAL DONALD TRUMP: Why America Is Rooting For This Outsider [VIDEO],This video takes you from the beginning of Trump s improbable rise in the ranks of professional politicians to the last man standing in the GOP. Here s why America is rooting for Trump:,0
12978,OBAMA GUILTS CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS Members To Vote For Hillary,"Obama s narcacism was in full swing on Saturday night at the 46th Annual Legislative Conference Phoenix Awards Dinner of the Congressional Black Caucus. He spoke for almost a half an hour about how good he has been for the country, and then he manages to tell the room that they need to vote for Hillary to keep from insulting his legacy! Oh, how the mighty have fallen. My name may not be on the ballot but our progress is on the ballot. Tolerance is on the ballot. Democracy is on the ballot. Justice is on the ballot. Good schools are on the ballot. Ending mass incarceration, that s on the ballot right now. And there is one candidate who will advance those things. And there is another candidate whose defining principle, the central theme of hos candidacy is opposition to all that we have done. There s no such thing as a vote that doesn t matter. It all matters, and after we have achieved historic turnout in 2008 and 2012, especially in the African-American community, I will consider it a personal insult, an insult to my legacy, if this community lets down its guard and fails to activate itself in this election. You want to give me a good sendoff? Go vote! H/T [ Breitbart ] ",0
12979,VETERAN’S FAMILY ASKS TRUMP FOR HELP After He Asked VA For Help For With PTSD…VA Put Him On 6 Month Wait List…Vet Committed Suicide On 9-11-16," The demons could wait no longer. Lynne Patton is the Vice President of The Eric Trump Foundation & Senior Assistant to Eric Trump, Ivanka Trump & Donald Trump Jr. She was thrust onto the political scene after making a beautiful video denouncing Trump s critics who dared to call him a  racist  or  bigot . She didn t ask Donald J. Trump or any of the Trump family members for their blessing she just made the video. The video went viral shortly after it was posted and has been viewed almost 4 million times. (We included the video at the bottom of the page.) Lynne has been a force in the Trump campaign ever since. She spoke at the RNC convention and has been spotted with several of the Trump children at various events across the country supporting her boss, Donald J. Trump. Lynne posted a touching and extremely important story on her Instagram account that so moved us, we decided to share it with our followers. There are not enough people speaking up about the horrendous health care our veterans have been subjected to for decades. Trump has made no secret that he is determined to fix the broken VA health care system run by incompetent, and in many cases, negligent employees of a disgusting, inept, government-run program.  Lynn Patton addresses Trump s commitment to our nation and to our veterans, who deserve so much more than what we are giving back to them in this beautiful letter that she posted, after being contacted by friends who had just lost their son, a veteran who was suffering from PTSD to suicide:Sometimes people ask me if I ever regret coming forward   speaking out   making that video back in May. My answer is always the same: No, of course not. Or I relay to them the fact that I couldn t stay silent about the false narrative of bigotry any longer. Or quite simply, I tell people that all did was genuinely tell the truth about this great family as I know it to be. I never expected that the letter I wrote would be anything more than a personal Facebook post with a few friendly comments. Maybe even a few negative ones too. But then a very talented friend insisted on turning that letter into a video & here we are.Everything I ve ever said, posted, written, tweeted, spoken & believed about this family is 100% true. I never expected that simply being honest would result in being asked to speak in front of 24 million people at the Republican National Convention. I never expected that simply being honest would lead to tens of thousands of Twitter followers (good & bad). I never expected that simply being honest would result in being part of a movement. But I would be lying if I didn t admit that it s been a tough few months. Tough physically. Tough mentally. Tough emotionally. It s been a lot of traveling. It s been a lot of laughs. It s been a lot of tears. I ve lost a few friends (who clearly weren t true friends) and, unbeknownst to most, even some of my own family members have ceased communication. I barely see my own boyfriend anymore. A person with whom I have lived for the past 11 years. We are two ships literally passing in the night. Oftentimes, too tired & exhausted to even converse. But yesterday, I received a devastating reminder of why we do what we do. A reminder of why I don t regret speaking out   coming forward   sharing a very private part of my life on a very public stage.Yesterday, I received a devastating reminder of why I m honored to know & love this family. A reminder of why I walk through the doors of Trump Tower with a smile on my face each & every day. A reminder of why it s an honor to crisscross this country alongside this great man & his family in the pursuit of the greatest office in the world. In pursuit of the betterment of this country. In pursuit of a safer, stronger, more respected & prosperous America. Yesterday, I received a message that my friend s little brother had committed suicide. He was 32 years old.Normally, I would not be sharing something so personal in such an impersonal forum, but I do so at the behest & blessing of his family. Even so, it took me nearly 24 hours to find the strength to write these words. I have no idea how my friend & her incredibly brave family are even functioning, yet alone finding the strength to email me during a time of such unfathomable grief. But then they explained to me that they had no choice. They explained to me that their collective grief, frustration, fury, anger, confusion, sadness and utter betrayal compelled them to contact me. ME. On the same day they were faced with the painful task of burying their son, their brother, their uncle, cousin   they reached out to me. You see, my friend s little brother was a veteran. Air Force. Handsome. Brave. Loved. My friend s little brother was a veteran who had been battling the overwhelming demons of depression & post traumatic stress disorder for several years. Alone. Without professional help. And when he finally did find the courage to seek professional help, the VA told him there was a six month waiting list. Six. Month. Waiting. List. But unfortunately, the demons could wait no longer. Instead, my friend s little brother chose to take his own life on September 11, 2016. So you see, I have no choice but to post about his death today. I have no choice but to make this tragedy political. Because it is. Plain & simple. But more importantly, I have no choice but to make his death political because his devastated family has specifically asked me to do so.In his honor. So that no other veteran is turned away during their time of need. They told me that this country now needs Trump to lead us more than ever. That this country now needs a leader who will bring respect, honor & well-deserved attention back to our military, so that these brave soldiers don t feel dejected & alone   ridiculed & angry   depressed & confused. That said, it is now MY honor to work for a man who will personally ensure that the VA s antiquated, lackadaisical, reckless, reprehensible and irresponsible system of care is overhauled & relaunched becomes one of his very first acts of office.There are people who have been in Washington DC for over 30 years & done absolutely nothing to fix this disgraceful system. NOTHING. Nothing at all to change this unacceptable process. One of them is running for President of the United States. So yes, yesterday, I was reminded why the choice for my boss to leave his company   leave an extremely successful & comfortable existence   was easy for him.Yesterday, I was reminded why the shockingly vile, hateful & abusive comments I receive on social media mean nothing to me.Yesterday, I was reminded that this election is much bigger than I am   than us   than you   than him. That it s much more important than we could ever fathom   to this country, to our veterans, to the unemployed, to the crime victims of illegal immigrants, to our police officers, to our active duty military & to the heartbroken families of the same.This election is, quite simply, a matter of life & death. And today, I, for one, am now personally determined to ensure that my friend s little brother   and his 22 military peers who take their lives each & every day   did not die in vain.Lynne Patton,?? #DeplorableAndProudHere is Lynne Patton s video:",0
12980,TRUMP SLAMS OBAMA AND VOWS To Undo Cuban Policy,"Last year Obama added an action to his manifesto that would forever put him in the cross-hairs of Americans nationwide when he announced that he would be normalizing diplomatic relations with Communist-Cuba. Cuban-Americans were deeply offended and angered that Obama would extend the hand of friendship to the very regime that ha tortured and murdered their family members for years simply for having an opinion.Here are just a few facts from Obamas Policy on Cuba:*General tourist travel is still prohibited, but Americans authorized to visit Cuba for any of a dozen specific reasons can do so without first obtaining a special license from the government. The 12 categories of acceptable travel include family visits, official visits, journalistic, professional, educational and religious activities, and public performances.*Licensed U.S. travelers to Cuba can use credit cards and spend money in the country, and are able to import $400 worth of goods from Cuba, including up to $100 in tobacco and alcohol products. *Americans can send more money to Cubans, up to $2,000 every three months instead of the $500 currently permitted. *U.S. citizens can bring home small amounts of Cuban cigars. *U.S. companies will be able to export cell phones, televisions, memory and recording devices, computers and software to Cuba. Cuba is known to have poor Internet and telecommunications infrastructure.Thankfully in Miami on Friday, Trump announced at his rally that when elected he would be undoing that order unless Cuba met OUR demands first.Trump promised to  stand with the Cuban people in their fight against communist oppression  and condemned Obama s  concessions  to the Castro regime. All of the concessions that Barack Obama has granted the Castro regime were done through executive order, which means the next president can reverse them, and that, I will do, unless the Castro regime meets our demands   not my demands, our demands.  Obama can t really seem to shock us anymore however, he has made deals and woven ties with numerous terroristic countries over his 8 years in office, and yet we still see no actually improvement in our own country. January 2017 will be a blessing for sure.H/T [ Conservative Tribune ]",0
12981,ZOMBIE HILLARY Makes Bizarre Statement On Plane After NYC Bomb Explosion…#ZombieHillary [Video],"Hillary Clinton, on her campaign plane, responds to explosion in NYC pic.twitter.com/4tfyUE2vNc  Liz Kreutz (@ABCLiz) September 18, 2016",0
12982,WHOA! ANGRY OBAMA Berates Black Caucus In Rant About His ‘Legacy’…WHAT LEGACY? [Video], ,0
12983,"WOW! BLACK DALLAS Police Sergeant Sues Obama, Hillary, George Soros, Sharpton, Black Lives Matter And More For INCITING RACE WAR","Read the list of people and organizations this brave Dallas Police Sergeant is suing and tell us if you think he missed anyone who s responsible for starting a race war in America. The head of a Dallas police organization is suing a collection of Black Lives Matter figureheads and other prominent individuals for allegedly inciting racial violence against American police officers. Dallas Police Department Sergeant Demetrick Pennie, President of the Dallas Fallen Officer Foundation, filed an amended federal complaint September 16 against more than a dozen defendant institutions and individuals to build a class action case on behalf of  police officers and other law enforcement persons of all races and ethnicities including but not limited to Jews, Christians and Caucasians  for  inciting  race riots and related violence.The suit hopes to produce damages and an injunction placed against alleged threats of racially-motived violence going forward.The defendants represent a who s who of public figures in both racial and general political matters. Apart from founding members and public faces related to Black Lives Matter, Louis Farrakhan and the Nation of Islam; Rev. Al Sharpton and the National Action Network; Malik Zulu Shabazz and the New Black Panthers; George Soros; President Barack Obama; former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder; and Democrat Nominee Hillary Clinton are all included in the suit.The 66-page federal complaint alleges that each defendant individual and organization  repeatedly incited their supporters and others to engage in threats and attacks  against police officers around the nation, culminating in the July killings of five Dallas area officers with nine others wounded at a Black Lives Matter gathering. The complaint singles out George Soros as  the financier of the BLM Defendants and similar organizations with the goal of inciting a race war  and advocating violence against whites and Jews.Defendants Obama and Clinton are blamed for repeatedly endorsing behaviors carried out and surrounding Black Lives Matter.Sgt. Pennie is being represented by Larry Klayman of FreedomWatch. Layman previously founded the conservative legal watchdog Judicial Watch. VIA:  Breitbart",0
12984,"WOW! FORD ASSEMBLY LINE Worker: In 20 Years, I Have Never Seen This Much Enthusiasm For A Republican Candidate","Our good friend Brian Pannebecker is a tireless advocate of right-to-work in America and was instrumental in the fight to pass the wildly unpopular law in our very blue state of Michigan. We ve always admired his courage to stand up to union thugs who have done everything in their power to shut down his opposition to the Leftist, Democrat supporting unions. Brian penned this awesome letter to the Detroit Free Press. We d like to share it with you here:As a blue-collar worker in a UAW-represented plant, I m seeing an enthusiasm for a Republican candidate that I have not seen in the 20 years that I have worked at Ford Motor Co. There s a lot of talk about who will win the labor vote this season. But we have to ask, just who does the term  labor  actually represent when it is used today?In the 21st Century, labor unions increasingly represent college educated workers. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, in 2015 nearly half of all union members worked for the government. Public sector workers (those paid with your tax dollars) are almost five times more likely to belong to a union than private sector workers. And while unionized workers in Michigan can now refuse to pay union dues, even while working under the terms of a negotiated contract thanks to Right to Work, many feel intimidated and are afraid to exercise that right due to veiled threats from union bosses and some coworkers.The support that Donald Trump has from union families and blue collar workers may be surprising to some. Two polls cited in the Free Press recently showed that 30% of those who said there is a union member in their household plan to vote for Trump. But you have to look beyond measures of union-represented workers. Today, many blue-collar workers, including some represented by unions that have endorsed Hillary Clinton, are looking to Donald Trump s candidacy to return the power to them, and bring jobs back to America that left after bad trade deals, including NAFTA.In an online poll conducted for Bloomberg News, 55% of whites with no more than a high school degree, said they support Trump. In my plant, there are a lot of people who are saying  I m voting for Trump and I m not ashamed of it. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has supported NAFTA and the TPP in the past, while Donald Trump has promised to re-negotiate NAFTA and to oppose the TPP. Union members like that kind of talk, and that s why so many of them are breaking with their union bosses to support Donald Trump.Brian PannebeckerFORD Assembly Line Worker, MI",0
12985,WOW! DID JIMMY FALLON Just Destroy Hillary’s Campaign Wearing This To Greet Her On His Show?, ,0
12986,COMEDY GENIUS: [Video] “Bob Ross” Paints Sick Hillary…H-I-L-A-R-I-O-U-S!,Steven Crowder knocks it out of the park with his brilliant imitation of Bob Ross painting a very sick Hillary ,0
12987,STUNNER! FLORIDA TRUMP EVENT: Former Haitian Senate President Drops CLINTON BOMBSHELL Exposing Unbelievable Corruption [VIDEO],"Former Senate President of Haiti, Bernard Sansaricq, shocked a large crowd at a Trump campaign event in Little Haiti, FL. Sansaricq exposes all of the dirty dealings of the Clinton s in Haiti while he was still in office. Donald Trump to his credit, allowed him to speak his mind and expose to the world what kind of criminals are attempting to scratch and claw their way back into our White House.Sansaricq also claims he begged the Clinton Administration not to invade Haiti. His request was followed up with a visit by an anonymous messenger from the White House who encouraged him to  side  with the Clinton Administration and he would  be the richest man in Haiti. He also suggests that Hillary Clinton  disclose the audit of all money  related to the Haiti earthquake crisis, as he claims they scammed the poorest citizens of Haiti out of BILLIONS of dollars through the Clinton Foundation. Not even 2% of that money went back to Haiti. So Mr. Trump, we are asking you, begging you, the Haitian community will side with you if one day, you ask Hillary Clinton publicly to disclose the audit of all of the money they have stolen from Haiti in 2010 after the earthquake. Haiti is a very poor country. Haiti needs defenders. You said you would champion our cause. We welcome you sir and we will work with you. Ask Hillary Clinton publicly, during your next debate for an audit of all of the money they have stolen from Haiti. Watch this stunning confession of bribery, and threats during the Clinton presidency when Bill tried to oust the regime in Haiti. ",0
12988,STUNNING DEVELOPMENT: OBAMA GIVES $75 MILLION US Tax Dollars To Mexico To Build Border Wall,"You have got to be kidding me! After all the times that Trump has been attacked by the Democratic side of our society for saying that we need a wall on our Mexican border to stop illegals from getting into our country and destroying our economy, Obama just pulled the most hypocritical and pointless move of his career.Obama just gave a  gift  of $75 MILLION to Mexico to provide material and equipment for the building of a border wall on Mexico s SOUTHERN border and to help cover the expense of training to help man the wall properly.So basically he is helping Mexico to keep out illegals from central America because Mexico doesn t want them. Yet the Mexican President, Enrique Pe a Nieto, says he will not pay for the border wall on the northern border of Mexico to keep them out of the U.S, and Obama somehow sees the logic in this?Trump has and always will be right about the wall blocking Mexico and if Obama had wanted to help a country keep illegals out then maybe he should start in the country that he is President in. Then again Obama has given trillions of dollars away to other countries while we Americans still sit here struggling to pay simple bill like mortgages, medical, food, electricity, etc.I guess he felt the need to stick it to us in a special kind of way before we unceremoniously drop him outside of the White House gates come January 2017.H/T [ Young Cons , Conservative Tribune ]",0
12989,ONLY 5.7% OF CLINTON FOUNDATION DONATIONS Went To Charity [VIDEO],"The 2014 IRS filings for the Clinton Foundation have been released and the numbers are absolutely sickening. Out of $91.3 million spent in 2014, the organization s IRS filings show that only $5.2 million of that went to actual charity.See the documents here: ViewIt all gets very ugly when you see the numbers broken down.>$34.8 million the foundation spent on salaries, compensation and employee benefits.>$50.4 million recorded as  other expenses >$851K was marked as  professional fundraising expenses. Despite an additional $30 million in 2014, the Clinton Foundation spent 40% less on charitable grants in 2014 than in 2013. Even as it slashed charitable spending, the foundation increased the amount spent on salaries, employee benefits and compensation by $5 million in 2014. The foundation also spent $5 million more  other expenses  in 2014.It is worth noting that Sean Davis at The Federalist stated,  the bulk of the charitable work lauded by the Clinton Foundation s boosters   the distribution of drugs to impoverished people in developing countries   is no longer even performed by the Clinton Foundation. Those activities were spun off in 2010 and are now managed by the Clinton Health Access Initiative, a completely separate non-profit organization. It is absolutely abhorrent that while she claims to do so much for charity one day, then turns around and lauds her wealth over the heads of hard working Americans the next she is continuously stashing donated funds for her own personal purposes.We all know that politicians aren t going to be honest but this is a crime, literally, and yet it is just another day in the lives of the Clintons.Check out this Haiti citizens interview about the Clintons:H/T [ WZ ]",0
12990,MUSLIM MAYOR OF LONDON TO U.S.- Immigrants Shouldn’t Have To Assimilate,"Many Americans are suspicious of he Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, who has strong ties to muslim extremists and was a strong supporter of Hillary.Khan has been on a Hillary supporting tour here in the United States and he is using that platform to let us know that he doesn t feel that immigrants should assimilate.Mr. Khan insists:  One of the lessons from around the world is that a laissez-faire or hands-off approach to social integration doesn t work. We need rules, institutions, and support to enable people to integrate into cohesive communities and for the avoidance of doubt, I don t mean assimilation, I mean integration, and there s a difference. People shouldn t have to drop their cultures and traditions when they arrive in our cities and countries .Coming from the muslim mayor who has let London go to pot with the epidemic of currently suffering from Muslim ghettoisation, horrific employment rates for Muslim women, an internal debate surrounding the banning of the burka, and ongoing issues such as female genital mutilation, anti-Semitism, and homophobia within Muslim communities.It s ironic that a man that has erased many freedoms by way of new  laws  such as British women not being allowed to travel over a certain distance from their addresses alone, and the banning of any  sexually geared  ads on the side of public transportation, i.e. models promoting products, has the nerve to state that we should essentially allow muslims to come her and continue applying Sharia Law when their very  tradition  violates our Constitution.Mr. Khan needs to go back to London with his anti-freedom rhetoric. Americans will never allow immigrants to come here and try to impose any traditions that may be harmful to our citizens, nor will we ever allow the nationwide implementation of their archaic  law. H/T [ Young Cons , Breitbart  ]",0
12991,SCOUNDREL HILLARY SUPPORTER STARTS “TrumpLeaks” Campaign…Desperate Move!,"Hillary Clinton ally David Brock is offering to pay for new information on Donald Trump, hoping that damaging audio or video on the Republican presidential candidate will be submitted to his super PAC.Brock, founder of the left-wing Media Matters and operator of Correct the Record super PAC, recently posted the plea on Correct the Record s website and is referring to the project as  TrumpLeaks,  NBC News reported.Brock asked for video or audio of Trump that has yet to be released. One of the most important things for voters to evaluate in any election is the full measure of a candidate s views, ideas, and temperament over time,  the website states. In making a choice for president, voters must also consider how various candidates present themselves to the public and to the world. There are few things more important in that regard than access to video or audio in the form of prior television or radio interviews or more candid video from events a candidate may have attended. Brock s super PAC goes on to say they can offer compensation to anyone who has new video or audio that has been obtained legally.Read more: WFB",0
12992,AMAZING ENTRANCE! Trump Does “Les Deplorables” [Video], ,0
12993,11 TRUTHS ABOUT OBAMA BIRTHER CLAIMS AND THE MEDIA: “A left-wing pack of degenerate liars and cover-up artists.”," Hillary is guilty as hell; she is without question The Godmother of Birtherism. And our media is without question a left-wing pack of degenerate liars and cover-up artists.    John NolteThe birther movement came under new scrutiny Friday as a reporter accused Sidney Blumenthal of spreading the malicious rumor during the 2008 campaign, just as Donald Trump finally renounced the conspiracy about President Obama Friday.Trump kicked off a new examination of the myth when he stated Friday that Clinton and her campaign  started the birther  controversy . THE PRESS IS IN CAHOOTS WITH CLINTON AND HER SURROGATES HERE ARE A FEW OF THE THINGS THE MEDIA WON T TELL YOU ABOUT THE BIG LIE OF BIRTHERISM:In order to justify this audacious lie, the media engages in a transparently desperate act of hyper-literalism. Through the anti-science art of defining the definition of  Birtherism  down to meaning only the questioning of Barack Obama s place of birth, they seem to believe they can hide the elephant.Yes, in order to shield Hillary, America s entire political media, thousands of so-called independent journalists across dozens of  competing  news outlets, are coordinating to remove the definitions of Birtherism that Hillary is clearly guilty of. This includes, smearing Obama as a Muslim, her campaign s stated goal of questioning his  lack of American roots,  her focusing on Obama s exotic  foreignness ; and yes, the questioning of Obama s place of birth.For social media purposes, let me arm you with the facts. And your job now is to not just use whatever means are at your disposal to disseminate these facts, you should also use these facts to challenge our corrupt media and ask them (politely) why they are letting Hillary off the hook.Here are 11 things our corrupt media does not want the public to know about Hillary Clinton s role in inventing Birtherism. Please note that all of my sources are mainstream media sources.1. Birtherism was Birthed In a Hillary Clinton Campaign MemoIn 2007, a full year before anyone would know the name Orly Taitz, Hillary s chief campaign strategist Mark Penn would craft a wide-ranging strategy memo that included questioning the very American-ness of then-Senator Barack Obama, who was even then seen as Hillary s chief rival for the nomination.The Atlantic:[Penn] wrote,  I cannot imagine America electing a president during a time of war who is not at his center fundamentally American in his thinking and in his values.  Penn proposed targeting Obama s  lack of American roots. From Bloomberg s 2012 article:  The Democratic Roots of the Birther Movement Penn also suggested how the campaign might take advantage of this.  Every speech should contain the line that you were born in the middle of America to the middle class in the middle of the last century,  he advised Clinton.  And talk about the basic bargain as about [sic] the deeply American values you grew up with, learned as a child, and that drive you today.  He went on:  Let s explicitly own  American  in our programs, the speeches and the values. He doesn t   Let s add flag symbols to the backgrounds [of campaign events]. 2. Hillary s Hardcore Supporters First Raised the Question of Obama s BirthAs the contest between Obama and Hillary became increasingly ugly, it was Hillary s hardcore supporters who first raised doubts about the origins of Obama s birth. Hillary gave her blessing through her silence. It wouldn t take long, though, before her campaign became directly involved.Politico:That theory first emerged in the spring of 2008, as Clinton supporters circulated an anonymous email questioning Obama s citizenship. Barack Obama s mother was living in Kenya with his Arab-African father late in her pregnancy. She was not allowed to travel by plane then, so Barack Obama was born there and his mother then took him to Hawaii to register his birth,  asserted one chain email that surfaced on the urban legend site Snopes.com in April 2008.The Daily Telegraph s 2011 article:  The Birther Row Began With Hillary :It was not until April 2008, at the height of the intensely bitter Democratic presidential primary process, that the touch paper was properly lit.An anonymous email circulated by supporters of Mrs. Clinton, Mr Obama s main rival for the party s nomination, thrust a new allegation into the national spotlight   that he had not been born in Hawaii.3. Hillary Clinton s Own Campaign Distributes Obama-Is-A-Scary-Muslim EmailsPolitiFact:In the fall of 2007, it was clear that Clinton was losing ground in Iowa. The presumptive front runner was vulnerable and people in the campaign knew it. On Dec. 5, 2007, the online magazine Politico posted the text of an email that had been forwarded by Judy Rose, the volunteer chair of the Clinton campaign in Jones County Iowa on Nov. 21, 2007. The email was a quintessential smear that offered a distorted biography of Obama s early years. Rose offered no commentary on it. She simply passed it along. Obama takes great care to conceal the fact that he is a Muslim,  the email said, and it ended with,  The Muslims have said they plan on destroying the U.S. from the inside out, what better way to start than at the highest level   through the President of the United States , one of their own!!!! 4. Judy Rose Was Not Fired Until AFTER the Media Discovered Her EmailPolitiFact:The public airing of the email brought a quick reaction from the Clinton campaign. On Dec. 6, 2007, the Associated Press reported that Rose had resigned as chair of her county committee.5. A Second Hillary Campaign Staffer Sent a Similar EmailPolitiFact:A few days later, a second volunteer in a different county stepped down when it was learned that she had forwarded a similar email in October.6. Obama Privately Confronted Hillary Over Her BirtherismThis is such a juicy story.PolitiFact:The episode in Iowa fueled a testy exchange between Obama and Clinton on the tarmac of Reagan National Airport in December 2007. According to accounts from people who were there, Obama complained about the emails and Clinton boiled over in anger.When asked about Clinton and the Obama-Muslim myth, Josh Schwerin, a spokesman for the Clinton s current campaign, told us  Clinton never pushed that. Read the rest of the 11 things the media won t tell you: Daily Wire Read more: DAILY MAIL",0
12994,MICHELLE OBAMA TO HILLARY: “If You Can’t Run Your Own House…You Certainly Can’t Run The White House” [VIDEO],"Remember when Mooch thought having #CrookedHillary back in the White House wasn t in the best interest of our nation? Yeah neither does she. Maybe someone should remind her as she hits the campaign trail to drum up support from Black female voters. I wonder if anyone is gonna miss this racist freeloader and her regular attacks on anyone whose last name isn t Obama? We sure aren t going to miss 5-Star Mooch, her mooching mother or her embarrassing spouse https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/776879408724541444",0
12995,BREAKING EXCLUSIVE: BLACK REPUBLICAN Fired From Radio Station After Spending Time With Trump In Detroit,"For just a little over four months, Wayne Bradley could be heard spreading the conservative message on Detroit s 910AM Superstation. Then GOP nominee Donald Trump came to town, and things changed drastically.We ve known soft-spoken conservative, Wayne Bradley for several years. He s never been afraid of controversy and has always stood up for his conservative beliefs.On Friday, Bradley told us in an exclusive interview that local media had reached out to him when Trump came due to his position as State Director of African American Engagement for the Republican National Committee. Bradley   who was unpaid during his time at the station   didn t mention his affiliation with 910AM, which, he said, he generally doesn t do when discussing political issues with the media.He also met Trump and posted a photo of him with the candidate. When asked, Bradley said he had nothing to do with Trump s visit and was at at the rally with a pastor.The station, which was well aware of his work with the GOP, informed him by email that he was on  hiatus  that Friday, leading him to believe he would be back on the air shortly. But that wasn t the case.He received clarification on Monday that the show was canceled   for good.It s not clear why station management decided to cancel the show.A station representative told 100 Percent FED UP,  It was a business decision on the back-end. We contacted 910AM and spoke to an administrative assistant who refused to provide her name. According to the person we spoke to, no one at the station was available for comment because they were,  very, very  busy with meetings about Bradley s dismissal.The unnamed assistant told us that a statement would be released, but she was unsure when that might happen.But that s not what station owner Kevin Adell told the Detroit News. According to that report, Bradley was allegedly fired  for violating corporate policy. He violated corporate policy, that s why he got fired. He was let go for insubordination.  But it s not clear what policy Bradley allegedly violated. Bradley suggested it may have been due to the fact he didn t plug the station during interviews with the press.Regardless of the reason, Bradley said he appreciated the opportunity to have a dialogue with the community and was very grateful to have the air time.Moreover, he said that he understands the left-wing political climate in Detroit and respects the owner s decision.While he respects the decision, he told us he was  disappointed  with management for  silencing the dialogue. Others weren t happy with the decision and made their feelings known on the station s Facebook page. 910AM where blacks are kept on the Gov ment PLANTATION and other views of them PROSPERING on their own merits is not allowed,  one person said. Your way or the hiway-not the station I want to listen to-I m out!!!  another person added. I would like to know where Wayne Bradley is at? Why is he not on the air? Shameless,  commented a third critic.Bradley, who has been in radio off and on for about six years, says he s not worried and knows that something better will come along.And, he added, he appreciates the support of the listeners who reached out to the station.Meanwhile, the Oakland County Republican Party has offered their support for Wayne Bradley and asked fellow Republicans to call Superstation 910AM at:Station Phone: (248) 278-0910 Fax: (248) 350-3422 Studio Phone: (313) 209-9000Attention: Kevin Adell, Owner of 910 AM Dody Johnson, Station ManagerIn the meantime, Bradley said he ll continue his daily outreach efforts   something he s been doing since September 2013. It s a different battle in Detroit,  he told us. The key, he added, is to  stay positive. As for the incident with 910AM, Bradley said he views it as a  minor speed bump. ",0
12996,DEPLORABLE! HILLARY’S Campaign Is In PANIC Mode…Their Latest “RACIST FROG” Story Proves It [VIDEO],"What happens when Hillary s poll numbers take a nose-dive after she s caught having convulsions in a  press-free  zone, passes out, and has to lifted into her vehicle by secret service? What happens when the public realizes Hillary is a sociopathic liar and they decide they can no longer support her, even if her genitalia matches theirs? They panic and then they resort to the most despicable act of all impugning the character of Donald J. Trump by using a FROG to paint him as a  racist!  pinning him to ONE person on Twitter who used Pepe the Frog to push a  White Nationalist  message. According to the liberal rag The Daily Beast the Twitter user is a self-proclaimed 19 yr old White Supremacist. The Hillary campaign is desperate, and is looking for any excuse they can think of to take down their formidable opponent, Donald J. Trump. How do they do it? With a frog From the Hillary.com website:Over the weekend, Donald Trump s son and one of his closest advisers posted an odd photo on their social media accounts:This raised some important questions.That s Pepe. He s a symbol associated with white supremacy.That s right.Here s the short version: Pepe is a cartoon frog who began his internet life as an innocent meme enjoyed by teenagers and pop stars alike.But in recent months, Pepe s been almost entirely co-opted by the white supremacists who call themselves the  alt-right.  They ve decided to take back Pepe by adding swastikas and other symbols of anti-semitism and white supremacy. We basically mixed Pepe in with Nazi propaganda, etc. We built that association,  one prominent white supremacist told the Daily Beast.Trump has retweeted his white supremacist supporters with regularity, but the connection between the alt-right and his campaign continues to strengthen. Trump has been slow to disavow support from Ku Klux Klansmen (HILLARY IS THE ONLY CANDIDATE WHO HAS RECEIVED OVER $20,000 IN DONATIONS FROM THE KKK AND HAS BEEN OPENLY ENDORSED BY THE HATE GROUP) and white supremacy groups, and he recently hired Breitbart.com s Steve Bannon as his campaign CEO (and Bannon isn t shy about the fact that his  news  organization is the  platform for the alt-right ).Now white supremacists have given Pepe the cartoon frog some Trump hair and the candidate s own son says he is  honored to be grouped with  him.Let me get this straight: Trump s presidential campaign is posting memes associated with white supremacy online?Yes.Like all great art, Pepe was open to endless interpretation, but at the end of the day, he meant whatever you wanted him to mean. All in good fun, teens made Batman Pepe, Supermarket Checkout Girl Pepe, Borat Pepe, Keith Haring Pepe, and carved Pepe pumpkins.But he also embodied existential angst. Pepe, the grimiest but most versatile meme of all, was both hero and antihero a symbol fit for all of life s ups and downs and the full spectrum of human emotions, as they played out online.On social media, Pepe became inescapable. Katy Perry tweeted a crying Pepe with the caption  Australian jet lag got me like,  racking up over 10,000 retweets. Nicki Minaj posted a twerking Pepe on Instagram with the caption  Me on Instagram for the next few weeks trying to get my followers back up,  which 282,000 users  liked. And then, recently, things took a turn: Pepe became socially unacceptable.Here is a screen shot of the PARODY account @JaredTSwift the Daily Beast and Hillary s campaign refer to:Yep that s it. Pepe the Frog was used by a singe Twitter user who clearly identifies his account as  PARODY,  so if Trump or anyone associated with Trump uses Pepe the Frog (who has been used by literally hundreds of thousands of social media users) Trump must be a  racist!  There is absolutely no mention of Jared Taylor Swift s support for Donald J. Trump in his bio or in his Pepe the Frog posts. But that s how these liberal rags roll, and Hillary jumped right on that bandwagon without any evidence whatsoever, in a desperate effort to tie Trump to this ONE anonymous PARODY Twitter user.This YouTube video does a great job of mocking Hillary and her campaign for attempting to pin a  racist  label on the cartoon frog in hopes that it would in turn make American voters believe Trump is a  racist  just like the cartoon frog Enjoy:",0
12997,CLINTON LAWLESS PROTOCOL CHIEF “Sold” Seats To Obama White House State Dinners,"A total of 205 Clinton Foundation donors whose corporations and foundations collectively contributed $216 million since 2009, were awarded the most coveted invitations in the nation s capital: prestigious seats at one or more White House State Dinners.At least 15 of the Clinton Foundation s corporate donors   representing $47 million in contributions   were able to win invitations to two or more official state dinners.Significantly, the decision makers who authorized the special invitations were not at the White House at all, but were ensconced in the Department of State s Office of Protocol. The protocol office, chosen by former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, is filled solely with long-time Clinton loyalists.Despite the Democratic presidential nominee s departure from the Department of State in 2013, all of the top officeholders in the protocol office throughout Obama s two terms have been senior staffers who served in either former President Bill Clinton s White House or in Hillary s Senate and 2008 presidential campaigns.Critics of the foundation worry Dennis Cheng   who served as Clinton s protocol deputy chief and later went directly to the Clinton Foundation as its chief fundraiser   could have  walked away  with valuable donor lists compiled by the office.After Cheng left the Department of State, he raised a record quarter billion dollars while at the foundation. He is now Hillary s national fundraiser, leading her presidential bid to raise $2 billion. As a result, The Daily Beast once called him,  Hillary Clinton s $2 billion money man.  If Cheng shared confidential information with the foundation, he may have violated a special  Memorandum of Understanding  (MOU) signed by the foundation and the Obama transition team in November 2008. The MOU warned of avoiding  potential or actual conflict of interest. Cheng also could run afoul of a 18 USC 208, a federal statute that  prohibits an executive branch employee from participating personally and substantially in a particular Government matter that will affect his own financial interests,  including those of a prospective employer or a family member.  How much of the mailing list and contact information Cheng got at Protocol, migrated over to the Clinton Foundation,  asked Charles Ortel a Wall Street investor and an outspoken critic of the Clinton Foundation.Read more: Daily Caller",0
12998,DR. WOLF CALLS OUT HILLARY For Lying About Pneumonia Diagnosis [VIDEO],"Dr. Milton Wolf seems to have take offense at the diagnosis of Hillary Clinton. He states in no uncertain terms that  Non-Contagious Bacterial Pneumonia  does not even exist. His argument can be supported by the fact that if that was indeed what she had then why the antibiotics that supposedly don t help with bacterial type infections.You may remember Dr. Wolf from stories of him being Obama s second cousin. He has been featured on a few Mainstream Media shows to discuss many different things form his familial ties to Obama to his campaign for Kansas State Senate in 2014.These screen captures are from his recent tweets concerning Hillary and her supposed diagnosis.Is it possible that Hillary, her  doctor , and her staff are all lying once again to hide somethin more disturbing, like a neurological disorder? Clinton is very aware that the DNC has had meetings to discuss replacing her as the 2016 candidate, even going so far as discussing the possibility of Obama taking a 3rd term, so it is well within the possibility that she is panicking and trying hard to cover the truth.Not that we expect Hillary to ever tell the truth about anything, but it would be nice to know if someone who may be running this entire country is possibly suffering from a disease that may cause her to not be fully able to use her cognitive abilities to the fullest when making important decisions for the American people.In an ironic twist the YouTube link for this particular video clearly states that the two doctors featured have never even met Hillary. H/T [ Proud Cons ]",0
12999,BREAKING: TRUMP Just Made A HUGE Announcement…Proving He’s The Only Candidate Who Truly Believes #BlackLivesMatter,"Hillary pretends to care about the Black community. If she cared so much, why is she so willing to carry out the legacy of black genocide by Planned Parenthood founder and white supremacist Margaret Sanger? If she really cared about the Black community, why is she not fighting taxpayer funded Planned Parenthood abortion clinics on every inner-city corner in America? Planned Parenthood is the largest abortion provider in America. 78% of their clinics are in minority communities. Blacks make up 12% of the population, but 35% of the abortions in America.  Colored people are like human weeds and are to be exterminated.  Margaret Sanger, Planned Parenthood founderDonald Trump made a bold move today that proves his commitment to the Black community.  Trump issued a call to make permanent the Hyde Amendment that bans almost all federal taxpayer funding of abortions and is credited with saving the lives of over 1 million Americans from abortion. Trump- s call comes as Hillary Clinton is campaigning in reversing Hyde and forcing Americans to fund free abortions for women with their tax dollars.Every year, Congress is forced to fight the battle to protect Americans from being forced to pay for abortions with their tax dollars. Democrats annually fight the pro-life budget provision and hope they can eventually reverse it should they take control of both the White House and Congress.That has led to pro-life groups calling to the adoption of a permanent law putting Hyde in place long-term and making it more difficult for pro-abortion forces to reverse. Today, Trump announced his support for such a law.The call for banning taxpayer funding of abortions comes in a new letter from Trump. Trump commits to a new policy:  Making the Hyde Amendment permanent law to protect taxpayers from having to pay for abortions. Hillary Clinton s unwavering commitment to advancing taxpayer-funded abortion on-demand stands in stark contrast to the commitments I ve made,  Trump writes,  to advance the rights of unborn children and their mothers when elected president. Via: Life News",0
13000,HILLARY THROWS HER WEALTH AND STATUS Into The Faces Of Hard Working Americans,"Hillary Clinton has said a lot of things that stick deep in the craw of honest, hardworking Americans before but this time she may have actually gone too far. In a seemingly  innocent  remark about how staying home and resting has brought her closer to the American people.Apparently laying in bed in one of many mansions with a staff to take care of her every need, and absolutely no worry of how she is going to pay her rent next month equals what it is like for a normal citizen to be suffering from illness in this day and age. I certainly feel lucky   when I am under the weather, I can afford to take a few days off. Millions of Americans can t. They either go to work sick or they lose a paycheck. They toss back some Tylenols, chug some orange juice and hope the cough or the virus goes away on its own. I have met so many people living on a razor s edge, one illness away from losing their job, one paycheck away from losing their job. That goes against everything we stand for as Americans, because some things should not come down to luck. So while she was being pampered and waited on hand and foot we are supposed to believe that she was honestly contemplating that her situation in any way matched that of any hard working American going through being sick? All I heard was her throwing her wealth and status back into our faces.Maybe she realized that her diatribe wasn t working so she decided to quickly change focus and throw her own campaign staff under the but to deflect. You know, my campaign has said they could have been faster and I agree with that. I certainly expect them to be as focused and quick as possible, but I have to say from my perspective, I thought I was going to be fine and I thought that there wasn t really any reason to make a big fuss about it. So I should have taken time off earlier. I didn t, now I have, and I m back on the campaign trail. Hillary also dodged a question about whether she ever bothered to tell her running mate, Sen. Tim Kaine, that she was sick.Clinton responded by saying that her  senior staff knew, and the information was provided to a number of people,  but she did not say whether Kaine was one of those people. When a second reporter asked about why Kaine was not informed, and whether that has hurt their partnership, Clinton said she was  not going to go into our personal conversations. Will this woman ever answer anything with a straight answer? Probably not, but we can all continue to be amused that she actually thinks any of us believe what she says.Keep  powering through,  Hillary.H/T [ Info Wars ] ",0
13001,COLIN POWELL Picked On The Wrong Guy: GENERAL FLYNN Rips Him To Shreds Over Nasty Comments In Leaked Emails [VIDEO],"After General Powell s email server was hacked it seems that Hillary and Trump were not the only ones he attacked with insults and nasty rhetoric.Powell went after retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, a top Trump military adviser. Powell called Flynn  a jerk who is unchained  and a  right-wing nutty.  Powell however had to admit once called on the insults that he has actually never even met Flynn nor did he ever serve with him.He responded by stating,  Talking to people in the know, his real problem was leadership and management issues at DIA. Senior staff was in incipient revolt. He has been over the top in his comments, conduct unbecoming. But he is unchained.  He continues by saying,  Pattern of behavior which is why he was fired. Real question is how he got that far in the Army. Flynn did respond during an interview on the  Kelly File. I ve actually been called worse things by my little sister.  He went on to say,  Colin Powell, he s an amazing guy, amazing service, but he s actually, you know, as a footnote in history, he s going to be always struggling for his credibility because of the statement that he made to the United Nations that brought us into the war in Iraq. After the disparaging remarks towards Hillary, Trump, Flynn and a even a few other service members were highlighted as having been said by Powell, Flynn did caution that prominent individuals need to be more careful about what they send electronically.H/T [ Fox ] ",0
13002,"RADICAL ANTI-GUN MUSLIM State Senator Who Was Arrested While Drunk With Gun, Joins Kaepernick’s “Disrespect The American Flag” Movement [VIDEO]","On October 20, 2015, radical Muslim State senator Jamilah Rasheed was arrested while protesting with the manufactured  hands up don t shoot  movement in Ferguson. The vocal anti-gun legislator was also drunk and in possession of you guessed it a gun!You probably don t remember her arrest, or maybe you never even knew she was arrested. The media s kinda funny when it comes to covering law-breaking Democrats. So in case you missed it, the woman on her knees with her  hands up  pushing a false narrative that was proven in court to be a lie has decided to join Colin Kaepernick in his public disdain for America.In what she calls a  show of solidarity  with Colin Kaepernick, Missouri State Sen. Jamilah Nasheed, chose to sit as her colleagues stood for the Pledge of Allegiance on the senate floor. Nasheed said that she wants to call attention to the issues that the 49ers player outlines and that she is not  anti-American. Her seat taking was met with complete silence in the chamber.When the session ended however, Lt. Gov. Peter Kinder, a former GOP candidate for governor who presided over the Senate Wednesday, released a statement calling Nasheed s protest an  occasion for great sorrow.  He said he worried about  the example she is setting, particularly for our young people. It is indeed a sad day in this country when out NFL players, Soccer players, and now even members of our government are choosing to address their own beliefs and real issues in our country by completely disrespecting parts of what make us what we are AND they are doing it on the clock as we, the American people, are paying for it.How can it even be considered ethical for such protest to be acted out while on the job? I fully agree that each of these people do in fact have the right to protest how they see fit, but the issue here is that they are using platforms to get the attention they want that are literally funded by the very citizenship that they are showing such a huge disrespect for.Use your free time to protest, not the time in which I as an American citizen am paying for.H/T [ Fox ]",0
13003,OUCH! The Left’s “Other Woman” Just Landed A DIRECT HIT On Hillary…And She Is SPOT ON!,"Wow that s gonna leave a mark!When she s not being arrested for defacing public property, she s actually kinda funny!Jill Stein is no stranger to breaking the law. She currently has a warrant for out for arrest. A North Dakota Judge is charging her with criminal trespass and mischief during protest against a pipeline project on September 1st.The bottom line is, she may be a bit of a fruitcake and a rabble rouser, but she wasn t far off with her evaluation of Hillary s rallies LOL!",0
13004,SOCIOPATHIC LIAR: Hillary Hid SERIOUS Health Issues From Public In 1998 And Again In 2003,"In the end it really all comes down to character. Who can you trust? Who will look at you with a straight face and tell you what you want to hear, and who will tell you the truth even when it s not popular? It s clearly a rhetorical question and one that every voter in America should be asking themselves before risking the security of our nation under the leadership of a self-serving sociopathic liar SOCIOPATHIC LIAR: Most people have lied in their life. Whether it was to protect feelings, avoid trouble, impress, or to simply get what they want, not many people can say they have never told a lie.However, there is one extreme type of liar that you should beware of; the sociopathic liar.On first impressions, you may find you actually like or are drawn to the sociopath. It s not surprising as more often than not they are indeed charming and likable. Watch out, these type of liars can cause untold damage and mayhem once they lead you into their web of lies and deceit.Sociopaths lie the most because they are incapable of feelings and do not want to understand the impact of their lies. They may even get a thrill out of lying at your expense. Once they tell an initial lie they go on to tell many more lies in an attempt to cover up the lies they started, or just for the  fun  of it.A sociopath rarely reveals his or her feelings or emotions. You won t often hear them laugh, cry, or get angry. These kinds of liars tend to live in their own little world and always find ways to justify their dishonest deeds. They do not respect others and place their own needs first and foremost.If someone questions the sociopath s lies they can be incredibly devious in the way they cover things up. This can include placing the blame at someone else s door or by inventing complex stories to cover up their untruths.Sociopaths can be so good at lying that they are able to pass lie detector tests. This means they often escape jail or don t even get prosecuted for the crimes they permit. (That s not to say all sociopathic liars are criminals, of course).Hillary Clinton allowed her staff to mistakenly think that she had a pulled muscle rather than tell them she had a blood clot in 1998.The Democratic Presidential candidate, who was First Lady at the time, did not correct White House staffers when they assumed the problem with her right leg was due to over exercising.According to Clinton s doctor at the time, Connie Mariano,  very few  people knew the truth and her boss refused to take time of the campaign trail for her husband s re-election.Instead a nurse came with her to check on her condition and administer drugs if needed but nobody outside of her Secret Service detail was told who she was.The incident shows that Clinton s habit of choosing secrecy over coming clean has a long history.It would not be until 2003, five years after the blood clot and two years after her husband left office, that Clinton would even disclose it had happened in single paragraph in her memoir.Clinton s health has become an issue during the Presidential election after she nearly collapsed during the 9/11 memorial event at Ground Zero in New York on Sunday.A video shot by a bystander shows the 68-year-old s legs buckling as tries to get into a waiting van.Her campaign team said she was  overheated  but later that on Sunday Clinton s personal doctor revealed she had been diagnosed with pneumonia two days before   but she kept it a secret.During her decades in public life Clinton has suffered a number of health scares and her response to handling them appears to have changed little. Rear Admiral (lower half) Connie Mariano. She revealed Clinton s health secrecy in her memoirsThe first of her three blood clots happened in 1998 whilst she was campaigning for her husband Bill to get his second term as President in the face of possible impeachment over the Lewinsky scandal.According to Mariano, who as a Navy captain and latterly rear admiral (lower half), was the White House doctor for President Clinton, she told his wife that she was  at risk  for a blood clot and insisted on coming to see her on a Saturday. In her memoir The White House Doctor: My Patients Were Presidents, she takes two pages to explain how she told the First Lady:  I m worried about your leg. You ve been out on the campaign trail for some months now, sitting in cars for hours at a time. Within an hour Mariano was examining Clinton s right calf which was  swollen .Marian s initial examination caused her enough worry to insist Clinton go to Bethesda Naval Hospital for an ultrasound. Once they were there and the diagnosis confirmed Mrs Clinton  balked  at the idea of being kept into hospital so they agreed to treat her as an outpatient with blood thinning drugs.The book says:  Hillary was back on the campaign trail within days very few people knew of Hillary s blood clot at the time; she wrote about it after she left the White House.  She did have a pain in her calf but her staff thought she had pulled a muscle exercising. Via: Daily Mail ",0
13005,THIS ONE CREEPY TWEET FROM HILLARY Should Have Parents Saying: “Hands off my kids!”, ,0
13006,JIMMY FALLON ASKS TRUMP If He Can Mess Up His Hair…What Happens Next Is Hilarious! [VIDEO],"Trump is such a good sport. It s no wonder he relates to so many people in so many different walks of life. He s not afraid to be the butt of a joke and he always seems to genuinely enjoy having fun in spontaneous situations. It s refreshing to not have to watch a polished politician carefully measuring every action, and wondering if it will affect their support with voters Good for you Donald ",0
13007,5 FACTS The Media Won’t Tell You About Cops Killing Blacks [VIDEO],"Scholar and journalist Heather Mac Donald toiled away early on in her career at liberal enclaves, but through her street-level reporting on social services and the police, her worldview shifted away from liberal-progressive to conservative.Her shift  was not some kind of epiphany from reading conservative principles,  but by hearing the voices of welfare recipients who told her  government aid becomes a narcotic. Her latest book,  The War On Cops  is now available for purchase. In her book, she outlines the false narrative that is being pushed by Black Lives Matter and the leftist media that law enforcement officers are  Out to get Blacks  in America.For almost two years, a protest movement known as  Black Lives Matter  has convulsed the nation. Triggered by the police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, in August 2014, the Black Lives Matter movement holds that racist police officers are the greatest threat facing young black men today. This belief has triggered riots,  die-ins,  the murder and attempted murder of police officers, a campaign to eliminate traditional grand jury proceedings when police use lethal force, and a presidential task force on policing.Even though the U.S. Justice Department has resoundingly disproven the lie that a pacific Michael Brown was shot in cold blood while trying to surrender, Brown is still venerated as a martyr. And now police officers are backing off of proactive policing in the face of the relentless venom directed at them on the street and in the media. As a result, violent crime is on the rise.The need is urgent, therefore, to examine the Black Lives Matter movement s central thesis that police pose the greatest threat to young black men. I propose two counter hypotheses: first, that there is no government agency more dedicated to the idea that black lives matter than the police; and second, that we have been talking obsessively about alleged police racism over the last 20 years in order to avoid talking about a far larger problem black-on-black crime.Let s be clear at the outset: police have an indefeasible obligation to treat everyone with courtesy and respect, and to act within the confines of the law. Too often, officers develop a hardened, obnoxious attitude. It is also true that being stopped when you are innocent of any wrongdoing is infuriating, humiliating, and sometimes terrifying. And needless to say, every unjustified police shooting of an unarmed civilian is a stomach-churning tragedy.Given the history of racism in this country and the complicity of the police in that history, police shootings of black men are particularly and understandably fraught. That history informs how many people view the police. But however intolerable and inexcusable every act of police brutality is, and while we need to make sure that the police are properly trained in the Constitution and in courtesy, there is a larger reality behind the issue of policing, crime, and race that remains a taboo topic. The problem of black-on-black crime is an uncomfortable truth, but unless we acknowledge it, we won t get very far in understanding patterns of policing. ImprimusHere are 5 indisputable facts that prove this narrative to be one big LIE:1. Cops killed nearly twice as many whites as blacks in 2015. According to data compiled by The Washington Post, 50 percent of the victims of fatal police shootings were white, while 26 percent were black. The majority of these victims had a gun or  were armed or otherwise threatening the officer with potentially lethal force,  according to Mac Donald in a speech at Hillsdale College.Some may argue that these statistics are evidence of racist treatment toward blacks, since whites consist of 62 percent of the population and blacks make up 13 percent of the population. But as Mac Donald writes in The Wall Street Journal, 2009 statistics from the Bureau of Justice Statistics reveal that blacks were charged with 62 percent of robberies, 57 percent of murders and 45 percent of assaults in the 75 biggest counties in the country, despite only comprising roughly 15 percent of the population in these counties. Such a concentration of criminal violence in minority communities means that officers will be disproportionately confronting armed and often resisting suspects in those communities, raising officers  own risk of using lethal force,  writes MacDonald.2. More whites and Hispanics die from police homicides than blacks. According to Mac Donald, 12 percent of white and Hispanic homicide deaths were due to police officers, while only four percent of black homicide deaths were the result of police officers. If we re going to have a  Lives Matter  anti-police movement, it would be more appropriately named  White and Hispanic Lives Matter,'  said Mac Donald in her Hillsdale speech.3. The Post s data does show that unarmed black men are more likely to die by the gun of a cop than an unarmed white man but this does not tell the whole story. In August 2015, the ratio was seven-to-one of unarmed black men dying from police gunshots compared to unarmed white men; the ratio was six-to-one by the end of 2015. But Mac Donald points out in The Marshall Project that looking at the details of the actual incidents that occurred paints a different picture:The  unarmed  label is literally accurate, but it frequently fails to convey highly-charged policing situations. In a number of cases, if the victim ended up being unarmed, it was certainly not for lack of trying. At least five black victims had reportedly tried to grab the officer s gun, or had been beating the cop with his own equipment. Some were shot from an accidental discharge triggered by their own assault on the officer. And two individuals included in the Post s  unarmed black victims  category were struck by stray bullets aimed at someone else in justified cop shootings. If the victims were not the intended targets, then racism could have played no role in their deaths.In one of those unintended cases, an undercover cop from the New York Police Department was conducting a gun sting in Mount Vernon, just north of New York City. One of the gun traffickers jumped into the cop s car, stuck a pistol to his head, grabbed $2,400 and fled. The officer gave chase and opened fire after the thief again pointed his gun at him. Two of the officer s bullets accidentally hit a 61-year-old bystander, killing him. That older man happened to be black, but his race had nothing to do with his tragic death. In the other collateral damage case, Virginia Beach, Virginia, officers approached a car parked at a convenience store that had a homicide suspect in the passenger seat. The suspect opened fire, sending a bullet through an officer s shirt. The cops returned fire, killing their assailant as well as a woman in the driver s seat. That woman entered the Post s database without qualification as an  unarmed black victim  of police fire.Mac Donald examines a number of other instances, including unarmed black men in San Diego, CA and Prince George s County, MD attempting to reach for a gun in a police officer s holster. In the San Diego case, the unarmed black man actually  jumped the officer  and assaulted him, and the cop shot the man since he was  fearing for his life.  MacDonald also notes that there was an instance in 2015 where  three officers were killed with their own guns, which the suspects had wrestled from them. 4. Black and Hispanic police officers are more likely to fire a gun at blacks than white officers. This is according to a Department of Justice report in 2015 about the Philadelphia Police Department, and is further confirmed that by a study conducted University of Pennsylvania criminologist Greg Ridgeway in 2015 that determined black cops were 3.3 times more likely to fire a gun than other cops at a crime scene.5. Blacks are more likely to kill cops than be killed by cops. This is according to FBI data, which also found that 40 percent of cop killers are black. According to Mac Donald, the police officer is 18.5 times more likely to be killed by a black than a cop killing an unarmed black person.Despite the facts, the anti-police rhetoric of Black Lives Matter and their leftist sympathizers have resulted in what Mac Donald calls the  Ferguson Effect,  as murders have spiked by 17 percent among the 50 biggest cities in the U.S. as a result of cops being more reluctant to police neighborhoods out of fear of being labeled as racists. Additionally, there have been over twice as many cops victimized by fatal shootings in the first three months of 2016. -Via: Daily Wire Watch Heather MacDonald explain how the lies the media and the Left are pushing about cops targeting Blacks will ultimately harm Black communities:Here is Heather MacDonald s speech at Hillsdale College in its entirety:",0
13008,HILLARY TAKES CREDIT For The Arab Spring Disaster…AND SHE WANTS TO BE PRESIDENT?, ,0
13009,TRUMP WANTS MODERATOR FREE Debate With Hillary,"Donald Trump can be a stickler for things that seem to be weighted to benefit  the other guy  so to speak, and his stand on an upcoming debate between him an Hillary is no different.He recently told CNBC over a phone interview,  I think we should have a debate with no moderator, just Hillary and I sitting there talking. Trump came up with this idea a week after a candidate forum last week in New York City with Matt Lauer left many Clinton supporters angry with host network NBC. Lauer thoroughly grilled Hillary about her e-mail scandal and he was roasted by Democrats nationwide for it, even though it is an important point to the Presidency. If one can not run her emails correctly then how can one run this country?But in the true fashion of Trump it appears that he would like a fair and level playing field for BOTH parties at the first debate on Sept. 26 at Hofstra University in Hempstead, LI. The debate will be moderated by Lauer s NBC colleague Lester Holt, and Trump would rather simply sit with Hillary and debate amongst only each other.No loaded questions, no moderator attacks, no chance of anyone planting any type of false or inflammatory rhetoric to sway the people with falsehoods or one-sided political points. Instead Trump wants to simply let the people listen to two adults discussing the real issues and then choose for themselves who they would prefer based on that alone. Sounds like the perfect debate setting to me.Trump said,  The fact is, they are gaming the system, and I think maybe we should have no moderator. Let Hillary and I sit there and just debate. I think the system is being rigged, so it s going to be a very unfair debate.He is probably correct. Call us all a basket of deplorable conspiracy nuts but we have been proven right time and time again throughout this campaign and it will not be surprising for it to happen again.On another note , Trump recently made a surprise and low-key appearance at a nonprofit event in New York City. He stopped in very briefly at the BGC Partners Charity Day on Monday. He was invited by Danny Lavecchia, a member of Trump s golf course in New Jersey and a managing partner of the brokerage, which used to be part of Cantor Fitzgerald.  He purely came here to raise money for charity, as a friend of mine,  Lavecchia, a Clinton donor, said. Lavecchia said he fully intends to vote for Trump, and will now be asking for Clinton to return his $2,700 donation.H/T [ NY Post ] ",0
13010,JUDGE HANDS ILLEGAL ALIEN Who Tried To Kill Trump A Shocking Plea Deal,"19 year old native British man, Michael Sanford, pled guilty on Sept 14th to one count of being an illegal alien in possession of a firearm and one count of disrupting an official function, both of which are felonies.When Sandford was first arrested he was initially charged with an act of violence on restricted grounds after he attempted to grab a police officers gun with the intent to kill Trump at a Las Vegas rally, but he was later indicted on the firearm and disruption charges.Sandford s father, Paul Davey, said that his son had met a woman and moved to the United States to be with her. Court papers show his tourist visa expired in August 2015, making him an illegal alien.Sandford could have faced 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine for each offense, according to the plea agreement. He acknowledged in the document that  it is almost certain  that he will be deported from the United States with  no possibility of returning.  The plea agreement in Nevada federal court recounts the bizarre details leading up to Sanford s crimes, but differs from the initial criminal complaint in that it stops short of stating that Sandford wanted to shoot Trump. Instead, Sanford, who had overstayed a tourist visa by nearly a year, confessed to seizing the officer s gun and interfering with Trump s speech. Prosecutors have recommended a sentence of 18 months to two years. Although court papers do show he confesses to special agents that he wanted to kill Trump, his plea leaves out talk of a plot to assassinate him.Court Documents: CBS video of the arrest Check out Trumps response to the attempted assassination at minute mark 3:23 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QgGWdtcNEUIt is amazing what you can get away with in this country lately. A slap on the wrist basically is what Michael Sandford with be getting for the attempted murder of a Presidential Candidate. It s sickening.H/T [ Breaking 911 ]",0
13011,WATCH: TRUMP STAYS ABOVE FRAY In Flint After Democrat Operative Minister Sets Trap To Humiliate Him During Speech,"Even the Democrat ministers can t help themselves from shutting down anyone that would dare to come into their city with an (R) after their name. And people ask why Republicans don t do more outreach in minority communities. These people are clearly not throwing out the welcome mat for the man who will likely be our next President of the United States. Wouldn t it have been refreshing to see this minister embrace Donald Trump s message of jobs for citizens and of hope for broken communities that have been ignored by Democrat ruled cities for decades? The minister of a Methodist church made national headlines after she scolded Donald Trump for injecting politics into a campaign stop.The Rev. Faith Green Timmons came on stage and stopped Trump in the middle of his remarks at Bethel United Methodist Church.Watch:She told him to stay focused on the water crisis and not Hillary Clinton. I invited you here to thank us for what we ve done in Flint, not give a political speech,  the reverend told Mr. Trump.Trump graciously complied with her demand.But something doesn t pass the smell test. Check out this screen screen shot from Rev. Timmons Facebook page: We have our chance to show Donald Trump that this nation is filled with intelligent, wise black citizens of integrity many of whom live right in Flint, Michigan,  she wrote.  What he will see is how we are braving a man-made catastrophe. HE WILL NOT USE US, WE will EDUCATE HIM!!! Well, I guess the Rev. Timmons showed Mr. Trump   ambushing him in a House of Worship. I will give her credit for hushing up a protester who kept interrupting his remarks.Mr. Trump showed great restraint and class as he complied with her request. And he deserves credit for at least trying to start a dialogue. Via: Todd Starnes ",0
13012,"BOOM! WATCH TRUMP IN FLINT: “Now, the Cars are Made in Mexico and You Can’t Drink the Water in Flint”","OUCH! Trump really put things in perspective while visiting the Democrat run city of Flint MI, plagued by unemployed auto workers and tainted water During Donald Trump s visit to Flint, Michigan on Wednesday, the Republican nominee commented on how the automobile manufacturing industry has moved to Mexico   impacting trade   and how people in Flint can t drink the water, much like the water in Mexico. It used to be cars were made in Flint, and you couldn t drink the water in Mexico,  Trump stated.  Now, the cars are made in Mexico and you can t drink the water in Flint. That s not good,  he added, as people chuckled in response.Trump: ""Now the cars are made in Mexico, and you can't drink the water in Flint"" https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/XTy1fmvsHN  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) September 14, 2016Via: Breitbart News",0
13013,WOW! WHAT HAPPENED When Somebody Asked Beyonce’s Racist Sister To Sit Down At A Concert?,"Who knew, that one of the wealthiest entertainers in America and the New Black Panthers biggest cheerleader, has a sister who is also a perpetual victim of racism? When she s not beating the shit out of her brother-in-law Jay-Z in an elevator, Solange Knowles is a professional victim of racism. Beyonc s crazier less talented sister recently attended a concert, as a fan not as a performer, and wouldn t you know it, racism reared it s ugly head. Apparently someone asked her to sit down and since she is black, it was a hostile act of racial aggression.If you have nothing better to do, and haven t already witnessed the circus that ensues when a celebrity husband cheats on his celebrity wife with another woman, forcing the sister to even the score in an elevator, you can watch it here:Back to the Solange and her racist manifesto, where she goes to great lengths to explain the racism she encounters in just about every aspect of her life, like the time she got pulled over or the other time she had to show her passport crossing an international border. She describes the perpetrators of racism as,  a product of their white supremacy and are exercising it on you without caution, care, or thought. The main point of this crazy thing was what happened to her at a recent concert. It s written from a weird 2nd person perspective, but this is what I was able to figure out:Solange took her 11-year-old son to a Kraftwerk concert. They arrived late, despite Solange s claim that she is a big fan. Right off the bat an elderly black usher had to tell her son to stop vaping. Solange claims her young son was not vaping, so therefore it was racism.It gets worse. Solange was standing up and dancing when someone behind her asked her to sit down. She refused to sit and eventually someone threw a slice of lime at her. Again: racism. She turned around to confront whoever threw the lime but nobody s white privilege would let them admit to it. For the third time, she experienced racism.Granted, this is a one-sided explanation of things. It s entirely possible that Solange was being rude and obnoxious and the people behind her gave her a gentile reminder to behave herself in public. Then again, maybe none of this stuff even happened.The crazy level rises significantly when Solange tries to put her harrowing experience in perspective by saying:You constantly see the media having a hard time contextualizing black women and men as victims every day, even when it means losing their own lives.Shit, can you believe she almost died in this racist lime attack?She then says that she isn t claiming this incident was racism, even though she said it many times, and chides the media for potentially reporting it that way, followed immediately by this:This is why many black people are uncomfortable being in predominately white spacesFrom there Solange rants about all of the racism in America and ends with the odd statement that she has  many white friends.  You know, to prove she doesn t hate white people or something.Via:  Downtrend",0
13014,NOT-SO-SLICK WILLY: Bill Clinton Tries To Joke Around About Hillary’s E-mail Scandal…Not Funny [Video], ,0
13015,"NEW EMAIL LEAKS Show How Colin Powell Really Felt About “Friend” Hillary: “Greedy, Not transformational…With A Husband Who’s Still D#*king Bimbos At Home”","Colin Powell really doesn t disclose anything we didn t know about how dishonest and corrupt Crooked Hillary and her perverted husband in these emails. There is a certain amount of joy however, that can be obtained by seeing a confession by the former Republican turncoat Colin Powell, that his trusted Democrat  friends are nothing more than a couple of  dumb  and immoral grifters   Former Secretary of State Colin Powell ripped into Hillary Clinton in several personal emails over the years, according to a document dump of hacked emails on the website DCLeaks.com.The document batch, which included emails from June of 2014 to August of 2016, gave a revealing look into the former secretary s thoughts on the 2016 election.In one 2015 email, Powell commented on Clinton s use of a private email server during her tenure at the State Department and charged that  everything HRC touches she kind of screws up. In another message from 2014, Powell said of a still-potential Clinton presidential run:  I would rather not have to vote for her.  A spokesperson for Powell confirmed to CBS News that his email had been hacked.CBS News waded through the documents and picked out some of the most interesting emails blasting the Democratic presidential nominee.Here are a few of his revealing emails:In this stunning 2014 email with Democratic donor Jeffrey Leeds, Powell had this to say of Clinton:In this email to Leeds on Aug. 18, 2015, Powell discusses his own use of private emails for State Department business:In a recent email dated Aug. 23, 2016, Powell called Clinton s excuse for using an email server a  dumb  one: ",0
13016,IS IT EVEN LEGAL For Obama To Use TaxPayer Money To Campaign For Hillary While She Rests?,"In an ironic twist of politics Barack Obama has decided it would be wise to jump from his regular day job and hit the campaign trail for Hillary as she takes a  break from campaigning due to her diagnosis of pneumonia.  He said at a Pennsylvania Dem rally,  Hillary Clinton is steady and she is true. I need you to work as hard for Hillary as you did for me.  This is actually the third rally that Obama has stood in at for Hillary and no one wants to address the fact that he is using taxpayers money to make these trips. So while Obama spins Hillary s failures he is also committing acts that violate the American people.Trumps party has a statement to make towards Obama about it that states many Republicans feelings on the matter: Shouldn t you be at work?  it read.  President Obama would rather campaign for Hillary Clinton than solve major problems facing the country. This is not the first time that Trump has had to point out the unethical actions of Obama abusing the taxation system. When Hillary and Obama took Air Force One for a spin to campaign was an event that he addressed.Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 5, 2016Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 4, 2016The biggest issue is this:  The Federal Election Commission personal contribution guidelines require campaigns to reimburse individuals $1,000 for travel expenses on behalf of presidential candidates. Individuals can also spend up to $2,000 for party-designated travel and be reimbursed, but the maximum of $3,000 the Clinton campaign would give back to the president pale in comparison to the total costs of operating Air Force One. Judicial Watch estimates the cost of keeping POTUS in the air at $206,000.Lets not forget that the current administration has refused numerous times to make Obama s travel expenses available to the public for his entire tenure in office.So, while we have Iranian boats in the Persian Gulf harassing our Navy, Isis continuing their tirade across the middle east, hidden terrorist cells in on our own country, and an economy and society that are currently falling well below any level of secure that America has ever seen, Obama is playing substitute on ur dime for the most vile and hated woman in American history.Yet while Hillary calls 3/4th of the country a  basket of deplorables  and Obama claims that Repulicans are fanning  anger and hate,  he still stands at that podium and says that he has successes on diplomacy, health care, winding down the war in Afghanistan and reviving economy, which showed new strength Tuesday in a Census report documenting a jump in household incomes in 2015.As someone who claims no title either way in the political game I for one am one American that is disgusted with the way in which Obama and Hillary have lied and destroyed this country time and time again.",0
13017,BENGHAZI DEPUTY CHIEF Lets It Rip On Hillary Delegating Her Duty In Libya [Video], ,0
13018,YIKES! NEW BILL CLINTON RAPE Details Emerge: “Her mouth was all swollen up…It was cut…Her pantyhose were all ripped”,"Hillary s all about protecting women who are victims of rape unless of course her husband is the accused rapist In her first extensive interview in over a decade, the nurse who found Juanita Broaddrick in her hotel room immediately after Bill Clinton allegedly raped Broaddrick recounted what she says she witnessed in that room 38 years ago. She was crying,  recalled Norma Rogers, a nurse who worked for Broaddrick, who at the time was a nursing home administrator volunteering for then-Arkansas Attorney General Bill Clinton s 1978 gubernatorial bid. And the thing I think I remember most is that her mouth was all swollen up. It was cut.   Her pantyhose were all ripped,  Rogers stated in dramatic, lengthy new testimony.Rogers drove Broaddrick back home after the incident. This week, she recounted that emotional drive.  I think we stopped at least twice to get ice. I would go up and get fresh ice and put it on her mouth because she was trying to keep her face from bruising and looking like something bad had happened to her, you know. It was just crazy. The whole situation was just crazy. Rogers was speaking in a lengthy interview on this reporter s talk radio program,  Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,  broadcast on New York s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM in Philadelphia.Events leading to incidentRogers took listeners back to the spring of 1978 when she traveled to Little Rock for an industry convention along with her nursing home boss, Broaddrick. The two shared a room at the city s Camelot Hotel.In an interview with me in November, Broaddrick herself provided background on her personal encounters with Clinton leading up to that infamous day.Broaddrick said Clinton previously singled her out during a campaign stop at her nursing home.  He would just sort of insinuate, you know when you are in Little Rock let s get together. Let s talk about the industry. Let s talk about the needs of the nursing homes and I was very excited about that. Broaddrick said she finally took Clinton up on that offer when she traveled to Little Rock with Rogers for the convention.Broaddrick says she phoned Clinton s campaign headquarters to inform him of her arrival and was told by a receptionist that Clinton had left instructions for her to reach him at his private apartment. I called his apartment and he answered,  Broaddrick recounted during our November interview.  And he said,  Well, why don t we meet in the Camelot Hotel coffee room and we can get together there and talk.  And I said  That would be fine. Clinton then changed the meeting location from the hotel coffee shop to Broaddrick s room. A time later and I m not sure how long it was, he called my room, which he said he would do when he got to the coffee shop. And he said,  There are too many people down here. It s too crowded. There s reporters and can we just meet in your room? And it sort of took me back a little bit, Aaron,  she said of Clinton s request. But I did say, okay, I ll order coffee to the room, which I did and that s when things sort of got out of hand. And it was very unexpected. It was, you might even say, brutal. With the biting of my lip. In the new interview, Rogers confirmed Broaddrick s version of events:I just know when I left that morning it was my understanding that she was going to be meeting with Mr. Clinton downstairs in the coffee shop for a meeting that they had planned ahead of time to discuss nursing home issues.Bloody lip. Ripped pantyhose. State of shock.Broaddrick previously recounted the aftermath of the incident, when her friend Rogers came back to the room after Broaddrick failed to show up to the convention.In our radio interview, Rogers recounted what she says she saw upon entering the room.I went back to the room and I can t remember if it was because she didn t come down to the meeting because I expected her to have a short meeting and then come to the meeting. And so I went back up to the room and when I went back into the room and she was just very, very upset. She was crying.And the thing I think I remember most is that her mouth was all swollen up. It was cut. And she just told me. She started then telling me the story of how he had just basically overtaken her and bit her lip in order to keep her quiet and to keep her from trying to leave or get away from him. And then she proceeded to tell me that he had pushed her onto the bed, and had raped her.Her pantyhose were all ripped. And she was just in a terrible state. Crying and just, she began telling me, you know, what had happened.But in the meantime she was starting to get her things together and she said we are leaving now. And you know we just started getting our stuff together and I drove her home.Asked whether Broaddrick s lip was bleeding, Rogers replied,  There were obviously open spots where he had bitten her. It was open but not openly bleeding. You know it was just open spots on her lip. Read entire story here: Breitbart News",0
13019,"Flint’s #CrookedMayorWeaver Tells Trump He’s Not Welcome In Broken, Jobless, Violent Democrat Ruled City","Flint s Democrat Mayor Karen Weaver is throwing a hissy fit over Trump s  unannounced  visit to the broken, violent city of Flint, MI. Mayor Weaver is currently embroiled in a lawsuit after former City Administrator Natasha Henderson blew the whistle on her for allegedly trying to steer money from a charity for local families into a campaign fund. Henderson claims she was wrongfully fired for blowing the whistle on Hillary s loyal minion, the mayor of the city of Flint. Donald Trump will be visiting the broken, violent city of Flint today, where he plans to visit a church and the Flint Water Treatment Plant.  But one of Hillary s biggest cheerleaders won t be throwing out the welcome mat Flint Mayor Karen Weaver says she s baffled by the visit, and didn t receive a call from Trump s campaign ahead of time.Does Trump need to get clearance from Hillary s  de facto  Flint campaign manager before he can visit a violent and broken city that s been destroyed for decades by Democrats?  I would think, if you are very concerned about Flint and the people, you would contact the mayor and want to have a conversation about what s going on   so that puts a question mark in my mind that I wasn t even contacted or notified about something today about something tomorrow,  says Weaver.Weaver is in Washington D.C. and will not be in Flint during Trump s visit. I had not been notified by Donald Trump or his people   finally, this afternoon, a call to my press person, but I did not know. These plans were made without contacting me. Her reaction when she was contacted by Trump s campaign? That s kind of not the way it s supposed to go   I wish that he had come when things were in more dire straits   maybe before we had even received help   when the debates were going on. We were crying out for a long time. The fact that Trump didn t rush to Flint, MI for a photo-op when Hillary and Bernie were making regular visits as part of their pandering for the Black vote effort in a city ignored for decades by Democrats, speaks volumes about Trump s serious nature. Americans are getting to see firsthand how a successful businessman approaches serious issues vs. how a career politician promises to fix issues with no real plan to ever come back once the press packs it up and leaves these broken neighborhoods. Trump s desire to create jobs for people who have been unemployed for decades is real and the Democrats biggest fear is that his message is resonating in these forgotten neighborhoods. ",0
13020,DNC PAY TO PLAY LIST REVEALED: Federal Positions Awarded To Donors Including Commie Jeh Johnson,"The hacker Guccifer 2.0 released more DNC e-mails overnight and they are REALLY telling. We reported last night on the reason Guccifer released the e-mails:BREAKING: MORE HACKED E-MAILS From DNC Released By A Vengeful GucciferCorruption and pay to play runs rampant with this White House Federal positions were given to the highest donors as you ll see below:This is obviously a partial list but it gives you an idea of what s going on here. A few more below: The hacked documents contained detailed lists of 100,000 alleged donors, addresses, and phone numbers, and well as amounts donated. This is not the end of the leaks! There are more to come from Hillary Clinton s e-mails. We think the bigger story should be how easy it was for the DNC and government officials to be hacked!",0
13021,HOW HILLARY DESTROYED This Man’s Life To Hide Her Incompetence In #Benghazi,"Does anyone even care that this American man was picked out of thin air to be used as a scape goat to cover for Hillary s incompetence? One day he s an innocent man making third rate videos and posting them on Youtube, and the next day, he s being hauled off to jail for a video he produced that Hillary and her lying staff claimed inspired a terror attack in Benghazi! This could have been any American. Of all the evil things Hillary has done, this has to rank at the top, just below the four dead Americans who she left unprotected to die in Benghazi. Yet, the Benghazi Butcher rolls on without missing a beat, as the mainstream media cheers her on like she s the horse they re betting on at the Kentucky Derby In September 2012 Hillary blamed an  awful internet video  for the deaths of four American heroes in Benghazi.Hillary Clinton made the statements as the bodies of the four dead Americans were brought back to US soil.She made the public comments just three days after the assault on the compound that killed Ambassador Chris Stevens, Sean Smith, Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty.But thanks to leaked Wikileaks emails we now know that Hillary Clinton wrote Chelsea during the Benghazi attacks telling her Americans were killed by an al-Qaeda like group.Hillary later lied and blamed the attack on a YouTube video. And the director of the YouTube video was later arrested.Nakoula Basseley Nakoula (C) is escorted out of his home by Los Angeles County Sheriff s officers in Cerritos, California September 15, 2012 (Reuters / Bret Hartman)Four years after the deadly Benghazi terrorist attack Hillary Clinton is running for president and Nakoula Basseley Nakoula is broke, destitute and living in a homeless shelter.And ISIS is in control of much of Libya.FOX News reported:Four Americans died in the 2012 terror attack in Benghazi, and those who survived saw their stories of heroism told in a Hollywood movie, but the filmmaker whose work was wrongly blamed for touching off the event lives in obscurity, poverty and fear, FoxNews.com has learned.Nakoula Basseley Nakoula, the Coptic Christian whose short video  The Innocence of Muslims  was initially faulted for sparking the Sept. 11, 2012 terror attack at U.S. diplomatic compounds in Libya, is now living in a homeless shelter run by First Southern Baptist Church in Buena Park, Calif. He has served time in prison, been shamed publicly by the White House and threatened with death. Hmmm I wonder if Hillary is willing to  cough up  (pun intended) a few of her secret service agents to help protect the life of this innocent man, who will forever live in the fear of being killed by Muslim extremists.",0
13022,YIKES! RICK PERRY On Dancing With The Stars…How Did We Miss This?,This is the some stiff dancing Rick Perry does his best on Dancing With The Stars but it s just awkward ,0
13023,JOHN KERRY’S STATE DEPT Reportedly Funneled Over $9 MILLION To His Daughter’s Foundation,"So much for  the most transparent administration in history Because the step-daughter of Theresa Heinz-Kerry, a woman who is reportedly worth a cool billion, needs her daddy to steal from US taxpayers to help fund her non-profit? It looks like John Kerry is using his position as Secretary of State to enrich his family, just like his predecessor Hillary Clinton did.More than $9 million of Department of State money has been funneled through the Peace Corps to a nonprofit foundation started and run by Secretary of State John Kerry s daughter, documents obtained by The Daily Caller News Foundation show.The Department of State funded a Peace Corps program created by Dr. Vanessa Kerry and officials from both agencies, records show. The Peace Corps then awarded the money without competition to a nonprofit Kerry created for the program.Initially, the Peace Corps awarded Kerry s group   now called Seed Global Health   with a three-year contract worth $2 million of State Department money on Sept. 10, 2012, documents show. Her father was then the chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, which oversees both the Department of State and the Peace Corps.Seed secured a four-year extension in September 2015, again without competition. This time, the Peace Corps gave the nonprofit $6.4 million provided by the Department of State while John Kerry was secretary of state.Seed also received almost $1 million from a modification to the first award, as well as from Department of State funds the group secured outside the Peace Corps.The Peace Corps program   called the Global Health Service Partnership (GHSP)   sends volunteer physicians and nurses to medical and nursing schools in Malawi, Tanzania, Uganda and Liberia, according to Seed s website. More than 40 clinical educators worked at 13 sites in the 2014-2015 program.Kerry and government officials colluded to launch the program and ensure that Seed would get the contract.Is there anyone in this administration who s not using their power and influence to enrich themselves?Rich, liberal elitists pretend they re all about helping people while engorging themselves at the troth on the taxpayer s dime.Time for them to go.  American LookoutVia:Daily Caller",0
13024,BREAKING: MORE HACKED E-MAILS From DNC Released By A Vengeful Guccifer,"It s not the first time that the name of Vladimir Putin has been brought up in the US presidential campaign, but this time the US president used this  argument  while openly campaigning for Clinton against Trump. The situation has become  really ludicrous and it borders on the ridiculous,  believes Gregory R. Copley, editor of Defense & Foreign Affairs. In my 50 odd years covering the US government, I have never seen this level of partisanship within the administration where a sitting president actually regards the opposition party as the enemy of the state,  Copley told RT.The analyst said that the democrats are  blaming the messenger to revert the attention from the message. The message which Donald Trump delivered on RT was unambiguous in his campaign. Just like the fact that WikiLeaks revelation of the hacked emails was very explicit in showing up what the Democratic party itself was doing,  Copley added.The US establishment is  sacrificing key bilateral relationships in order to win [a] domestic election,  believes Copley. He added that neither Obama nor Clinton are interested in unifying the country, but they are rather  interested in winning and engaging in what modern democracy seems to have become   the tyranny of the marginal majority over the marginal minority. When you think about the number of times that the Clinton campaign has brought up President Putin and the alleged Russian hacking of Hillary Clinton s service, it makes you wonder just how desperate they are,  Copley noted.  President Obama has lost literally all prestige in an international community with the loss of prestige he has become desperate.  Read more: RTAnother round of hacked Democratic National Committee documents have been released. Provided by an anonymous representative of a hacker, Guccifer, the 500 megabytes detail the DNC s information technology infrastructure and internal reports on donors.Forbes reports that on Tuesday in London at the Future of Cyber Security Europe conference, Guccifer addressed cybersecurity experts through an unknown and remote transcriber.The notorious hacker then shared a trove of documents ostensibly obtained via a breach of the DNC s cybersecurity. According to Forbes, a password and login was given to them, and the documents they accessed appeared to show details of DNC donors and finances as well as the information technology setup to protect the sensitive data.In July, just as the Democratic National Convention was getting underway, WikiLeaks released the results of the first DNC hack carried out by Guccifer. That hack revealed signs of bias in favor of Hillary Clinton over her primary opponent Bernie Sanders, and consequently led to the resignation of the DNC chair, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, as well as several other top officers.The DNC responded to the latest hack claim Tuesday through its Interim Chair Donna Brazile, who stated that the  DNC is the victim of a crime,  which she blamed on  Russian state-sponsored agents,  while also cautioning that the hacked documents were still being authenticated by the DNC legal team, as  it is common for Russian hackers to forge documents.  ",0
13025,ANTI-GUN Zealot KATIE COURIC Hit With $12 MILLION Defamation Lawsuit By 2nd Amendment Group [VIDEO]," Little Miss Sunshine  has fooled a lot of people over the years into believing her she was just some innocuous, peppy little host with everyone s best intentions as her primary concern. Unfortunately, Katie Couric may have just ironically  shot herself in the foot  when she and her director Stephanie Soechtig edited their anti-gun documentary Under the Gun in order to make a gun rights group in Virginia look as if they couldn t answer a simple question.Here s Rush Limbaugh explaining how Katie Couric deceived her viewers with her anti-gun  documentary : They re now facing a $12 million defamation lawsuit, according to documents provided to Bearing Arms.Second Amendment rights advocacy organization the Virginia Citizens Defense League (VCDL), along with two of its members, today filed a $12 million defamation lawsuit against Katie Couric, director Stephanie Soechtig, Atlas Films, and Studio 3 Partners LLC d/b/a Epix for false and defamatory footage featured in the 2016 documentary film Under the Gun. The film portrays a fictional exchange in which members of the VCDL appear silent, stumped, and avoiding eye contact for nearly nine seconds after Katie Couric asks a question about background checks. An unedited audio recording of the interview reveals that contrary to the portrayal in the film the VCDL members had immediately begun responding to Couric s question.In the filing, the VCDL, Daniel L. Hawes, Esq., and Patricia Webb allege that the filmmakers knowingly and maliciously manufactured the fictional exchange by splicing in footage that the filmmakers took surreptitiously after telling the interviewees to be silent for ten seconds so that recording equipment could be calibrated. The filing also contains side-by-side screenshots of the film s footage of the VCDL members and anti-gun advocates, alleging that the filmmakers manipulated lighting to cast shadows on the VCDL members and to make them appear sinister and untrustworthy.  We were horrified to see how Couric and her team manipulated us and the video footage to make us look like fools who didn t stand up for the Second Amendment,  said Mr. Philip Van Cleave, President of the VCDL.  We want to set the record straight and hold them accountable for what they ve done. You shouldn t intentionally misrepresent someone s views just because you disagree with them. The lawsuit, filed in federal court (United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia  Richmond Division), seeks $12 million in compensatory damages, plus punitive damages. The VCDL, Mr. Hawes, and Ms. Webb are represented by Tom Clare, Libby Locke, and Megan Meier of Clare Locke LLP, a boutique law firm specializing in defamation litigation. The fraud committed by Couric and Soechtig should be a career ender for both women, who have been unashamed of their behavior.What is not yet known is if Couric, Soetchtig, and one of their producers will face federal gun crimes criminal charges for obvious felonies they committed in Arizona while making the anti-gun film. Soechtig has now twice confessed (on video and in writing) to committing federal felony crimes that should lead to criminal charges against at least her and the Colorado producer (believed to be Kanau), along with any other Under the Gun staff/producers who took part in the conspiracy to make these clearly illegal interstate sales.ATF Phoenix Special Agent in Charge (SAC) Thomas Atteberry and Assistant Special Agent in Charge (ASAC) Mickey D. Leadingham have little recourse other than to start an investigation into the confessed crimes.You can read the defamation case against Couric here (PDF).Among other things, the complaint alleges that,  The Defendants manipulated the footage in service of an agenda: they wanted to establish that there is no basis for opposing universal background checks by fooling viewers into believing that even a panel of pro-Second Amendment advocates could not provide one. The Defendants intentionally disregarded the truth of the actual exchange that had taken place and took at least six intentional steps to manufacture a fictional exchange to support their agenda. In addition to editing footage of VCDL members, the suit alleges that Soechtig s film crew used lighting tricks to make VCDL members look shadowed and sinister, while favoring gun control supporters with much more flattering lighting.For entire story: Bearing ArmsHere is a clip showing how Katie Couric edited  Under the Gun  to make gun owners look like they don t have an answer to what she has framed as an  unanswerable  question: ",0
