id,title,text,label
5010, You Really Don’t Want To Miss Ana Navarro PUMMEL Trump’s Chief Racism Apologist (VIDEO),"When it comes to Donald Trump and his number of apologists sent out to every media outlet to justify his horrific behavior, the media has been less than extraordinary at calling out their utter bullsh*t.However, leave it to Ana Navarro, notably a conservative, to absolutely rip Trump s number one apologist apart during a recent segment on CNN.Former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski is now a regular commentator on CNN.  Remember that the next time Trump wants to say the media has a liberal bias. Lewandowski decided he would defend Trump s racism and awful remarks, and Navarro clearly has had just about enough of his shenanigans.Navarro, laying it all out on the table, brilliantly came back at Lewandowski and said: I will tell you something. I will take credit for insulting him. Because he s been insulting communities since the first day he launched his campaign, when he started talking about Mexican rapists   The reason I can call Donald Trump names and I can insult him back is because I am the sister of a disabled man and he mocked that disabled man, because I am the friend of a POW and he mocked that POW, because I m an immigrant and he has insulted immigrants, because I m a Hispanic and he has insulted Hispanics, because I am a woman and he has insulted women. So, yeah, we re at the point where there s insults and name-calling. But I would just say that he threw that rock first. He is the one who has lowered the debate to the level that it is at. However, honestly, my favorite part is when Lewandowski tried to go after Navarro personally trying to discredit her own experience, because this is what Trump and his lackeys do, and she swung back with: Oh, Corey, do me a favor, before you go attacking me   oh, let me tell you something, let me play my little violin for you. Ha!As it s long been said, the moment you need to enter into personal attacks and not just attacks on policy, you have already lost. Both Trump and his lemmings, including Lewandowski, are nothing but losers who resort to just insulting people because that s honestly all they have. Sad!Watch some of the Navarro takedowns here:Then the absolute destruction of Trump apologist Corey Lewandowski here:BRAVA! That deserves a standing ovation! Brilliant.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5011, Trump Supporter: There Will Be Civil War Whether Trump Wins Or Not,"It s getting to the point that as frightening as the premise is of a Donald Trump presidency is, the movement he has created has a life of its own and it s beyond frightening. Many are armed, dangerous and itching for a Civil War, no matter how the election turns out.One such supporter attended a rally of Trump s running mate, Mike Pence, on Tuesday in Albuquerque, N.M. The woman, who is identified only as Brenda, really, really wants Trump to win and if he doesn t, she says there will be Second Amendment remedies. There will also be Second Amendment remedies if Trump doesn t win, because apparently Obama will declare martial law. If Hillary Clinton wins the election   and she s on that Second Amendment, taking your guns away, there is going to be a civil war in this state  or elsewhere in the country, the woman who identified herself as Brenda predicted, to some applause in Albuquerque, N.M. But, if President Trump would win,  the woman continued, to hollers from the crowd,  there s also going to be a war, because Obama is going to pull that martial law on the United States. Source: The HillPence tried to reassure Brenda that Clinton won t win, but he did nothing to tamp down the threat of violence, and why would he? That would be off message. Trump might not be overtly calling for violence, but when he suggests that  Second Amendment people  can  do something  about Hillary Clinton, well, all it takes is one wrong person to read into that message.Trump s other message is more subtle, but possibly even more dangerous. At this point, Trump pretty much knows he s about to lose the election and he s setting himself up with a basket of excuses   none of which blame him or his campaign. Trump s portrayal of all his detractors, including Clinton voters, is that they are cheating. He told a crowd in Pennsylvania that the only way he could lose there is if there s cheating. Trump is currently losing Pennsylvania by seven points.Facts don t matter to Trump voters. They are convinced that Trump is some sort of messiah and that if people don t get that, they deserve to be punished. If the nation doesn t vote for Trump, you can guarantee that at least some of his armed followers will cry foul. Whether Trump wins or loses, it won t be pretty.Featured image via Spencer Platt at Getty Images.",0
5012, Donald Trump’s Son Bashes His Father’s Campaign: ‘So Ridiculous I Can’t Even Watch It’ (AUDIO),"If you ve never had to suffer through any of Trump s surrogates trying to participate in debates on CNN, consider yourself lucky. Even Donald Trump Jr. had something nasty to say about the surrogates  incompetence, and he delivered some epic bashing that might even make his own father say  You re fired! In an interview on Sean Hannity s radio show, Trump Jr. threw his father s surrogates under the bus for being absolutely awful at defending his father. Claiming that these people couldn t do their jobs correctly, Trump Jr. seemed to think that the media was conspiring and going out of its way to make Trump supporters look stupid (as if they need any help with that).In Trump Jr. s diss, the younger Trump was not only speaking about the professional, experienced Trump-loving pundits that CNN regularly has on its shows such as campaign spokeswomen Katrina Pierson, Kayleigh McEnany, and former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski (although he didn t call out any specific names). Trump Jr. also accused CNN of picking Trump fans  from the street  to go up against  professional  Democrats in debates. Trump Jr. said: The worst [segments] are when they have a panel of eight professional   liberal, but professional  people on a panel, and they find like one Trump supporter from the street, who has no real political knowledge, and they just happen to be a supporter. And they put that person up against 8 people who do this for a living and try to make it seem like that s a fair fight. Apparently, Trump Jr. was so upset about people not being able to defend his father properly that he said the campaign had gotten  so ridiculous I can t even watch it anymore. Unfortunately, Trump Jr. is oblivious to the fact that he should probably include himself amongst the pundits that continue to fail miserably at saving Trump s image.You can listen to the interview below:Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
5013, WATCH: Trump Surrogate Omarosa Says Detractors Will Be Forced To ‘Bow Down To President Trump’,"This sounds exactly like what a dictator would do to humiliate his opponents.Because according to former Apprentice star and director of Trump s pathetic African-American Outreach effort Omarosa Manigault, Trump has plans for dealing with those who have criticized or opposed him should he become president.In a promo for PBS  upcoming Frontline documentary that examines the lives of the Republican nominee and Hillary Clinton, Manigault makes an appearance to sing the praises of her boss and to fire a warning shot towards his detractors. Donald Trump is running for president because he believes that he can help turn the nation around,  Manigault said.  More importantly, every critic, every detractor will have to bow down to President Trump. Here s the video via YouTube.This is just another sign that Donald Trump intends to rule like a dictator rather than a leader who gets his power by virtue of the people. America is NOT a monarchy. People do not bow down to the president. But that is apparently what Trump has in mind for anyone who has ever criticized him, insulted him, crossed him, or stood in his way.And that makes his close ties to Russian president Vladamir Putin all the more alarming, which is why legendary ballet dancer Mikhail Baryshnikov has warned that Trump is acting an awful lot like a Soviet dictator. And he would know since he defected from the Soviet Union 42 years ago precisely because of the kinds of policies Trump is advocating for now such as oppression of people based on race and religion, building walls, and being a psychopath in general.Trump has even called for gun nuts to assassinate Hillary Clinton and has encouraged his supporters to chant in favor of locking her in prison. Assassination and imprisonment are exactly what dictators do to their political opponents.This is why Americans must exercise their right to vote this November   because if Trump comes to power that right may not exist much longer.Featured image via screen capture",0
5014, SHOCKING: Glenn Beck Gives PERFECT Explanation For Why ‘All Lives Matter’ Doesn’t Work,"When you think of civil rights activists, it s not likely that Glenn Beck will ever enter your conscious, except perhaps as a cautionary tale. It does seem, though, that he s had a moment of clarity, even an epiphany. The man who has played a large part in demonizing Black Lives Matter finally gets it. At least he gets part of it. He gets why  All Lives Matter  is a really bad response.In the past, Beck has been especially critical of Black Lives Matter, who he accused of inciting  terrorism. Beck s comments were sparked by discussion over Black Lives Matter protesters  recent invasion of a Dartmouth College library, where the activists harassed white students, calling one girl a  filthy white bitch. They are terrorizing you,  Beck said of the incident.  What do you think that is when   when one of the girls, who supported Black Lives Matter at Dartmouth. And she was in the library, and she was studying. And they pulled her out of her seat.   She started crying. Beck said filling people with  fear  is the  first step to terrorism. I think we need to start calling it that,  Beck concluded.  We need to start being very, very clear. In the past, he even led a march for  All Lives Matter.  Things have changed somewhat, though, at least for Beck. While he s still not officially a Black Lives Matter supporter, he understands why All Lives Matter is stupid. In a news conference covered by the Washington Post, Beck relayed this analogy: All of us are sitting around a table, and we re all friends,  he said.  It s time for dessert, and everybody gets pie except for me and you. And you say,  I didn t get any pie.  Everybody at the table looks at you and says  I know. All pie matters.  You say,  but I don t have any pie! What about my pie?' Beck still says that the leaders of Black Lives Matter are  communists and anti-capitalists,  but he says that most supporters are not and that we really need to learn to speak to each other.For that, some conservatives are throwing Beck under the bus. Blue Lives Matter accused Beck of pandering to Black Lives Matter.Breitbart.com, whose CEO was just named Trump s campaign CEO, didn t like Beck s analogy either: While Glenn Beck would like people to believe he s insightful, critics of Black Lives Matter don t need his hectoring,  wrote Breitbart s Lee Stranahan, who is also based in Dallas.  The reason many people   including black critics of Black Lives Matter like [Milwaukee County] Sheriff David Clarke   say  All Lives Matter  in response to  Black Lives Matter  is to reject the underlying notion of identity politics. Beck is not a supporter of Trump. Is this a sign that the #NeverTrump movement can bring out a more rational right-wing? Conservatives are certainly in the midst of an existential crisis and many of them appear to be soul searching. Whether Beck has dug deep enough to find his soul or whether he happened to get his meds right that day will be sorted out over time, but for now, it s refreshing to hear someone on the right *sort of* get it.Featured image via J. Pat Carter with Getty Images.  ",0
5015, Ballet Dancing Great Who Defected From Soviet Union Says Trump’s America Would Be Like Russia,"Mikhail Baryshnikov is one of the greatest ballet dancers of all time. Hailing from the Soviet Union, he was born during the Cold War and knows exactly what Soviet Russia was like   and continues to be like today   under Vladamir Putin.Baryshnikov was already a world-reknowned ballet dancer when he chose to escape the communist hellscape to live in America, where he continues to proudly live today.He has never endorsed a political candidate beyond doing his civic duty by exercising his right to vote, but this election is different.In Donald Trump, Baryshnikov sees a man who is too close to Russia and Putin. He sees a man who would make America closely resemble the old Soviet Union where freedom of speech is stymied and tyranny rules. He sees a man who would close America off to the rest of the world and a man who would stamp out any opposition against him under his boot heel.And that s why Baryshnikov has chosen to endorse Hillary Clinton for president in a video he released on Wednesday along with a written statement. While watching the presidential election unfold, and hearing Donald Trump s flirtations with the Kremlin, I feel compelled to add my voice to the mix   specifically regarding immigration   something I am obviously familiar with. I have never publicly endorsed a political candidate before, or inserted myself into politics in any way other than by voting, but this video is a direct call to action: We must elect Hillary Clinton as president in November. Forty two years ago I left a country that built walls to come to a place without them,  Baryshnikov said in the video.  But today, as a citizen of the United States, for the first time, I m hearing rhetoric that reminds me of the Soviet Union of my youth, where it was a crime, and continues to be, a crime to be different. Baryshnikov referred to Trump as a  dangerous totalitarian opportunist  and went on to voice his support for the Democratic nominee who opposes him. The America I love welcomes people of all nations, all religions, and supports all forms of human expression. America welcomed me, an immigrant, and that welcome has made my life possible. I trust her to lead us in the right direction, to protect the rights of all citizens, and to provide sane, steady leadership in a complex world. Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump is a wannabe dictator who hates facts and thinks he can do whatever he wants and say whatever he wants. He wants to oppress people based on their race and their religion and their sexual orientation. He treats women like objects and uses fear and hate to advance his agenda. This sounds frighteningly a lot like something you would find in the Soviet Union. But while Trump fits in with Russia, his political agenda runs counter to American values.If elected president, Trump would destroy those values and he would be Putin s puppet. And then conservative fears of FEMA camps would come true. Except that in Russia they call them gulags.Featured image via screen capture",0
5016, Democratic Rep.: Trump’s Intelligence Briefing Won’t Be Anything Important (VIDEO),"We ve all been concerned with the idea of the likes of Donald Trump receiving national security briefings, which are set to start on Wednesday. However, we can all breathe a little easier if what Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA) says is true: Trump s briefing won t be anything we can t get from tuning into the political news shows. Schiff, making an appearance on MSNBC s Morning Joe Wednesday morning, says of Trump s intelligence briefings: I think it will go, frankly, not much beyond what you would find on MSNBC, CNN or Fox any day of the week when you turn in to hear a national security discussion.I think what he s going to get is a very top-line briefing that will set the context for what the national security challenges are that face the country but won t go into anything that might reveal a source of information, a method of how we got that information, nothing of that level of specificity. Schiff went on to say that Trump won t even get the kinds of briefings that happen in the House: In fact, many of the classified briefings for the full House of Representatives have the same character, where we leave the briefing and get more detail watching your show than we did during the briefing. I think this will be even more top-level than what the 435 members of the House get. I hope you re right, Rep. Schiff. In fact, given the inability of Trump to control the verbal diarrhea that regularly spews from his mouth, perhaps we should be on the safe side and do as Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid suggested and just give him fake information altogether.Watch Rep. Schiff s remarks below:.@RepAdamSchiff: Trump will get a 'very topline' intel briefing today https://t.co/5trwbJcGYR  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) August 17, 2016Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5017, Donald Trump Tries To Win Black Voters In Speech – Here’s What They Think (VIDEO/TWEETS),"Last night, Donald Trump gave a speech in Wisconsin that was meant to appeal to people of color   a voting bracket that the Republican nominee has epically failed in trying to get on board with his campaign and policies.Trump must have been well aware that currently, only 1% of African Americans are supporting him and the fact that there is unrest and riots happening in Milwaukee   you can always count on The Donald to find an opportunity to make himself look good and exploit tragedy.Here s a clip of the speech Trump gave, which is a blatant, pathetic attempt to try and win over African American voters by a man who once called a black man in the crowd  My African American.  Let s see if he can make them forget that detail:So, did it work? Judging from these responses on Twitter, no one is being fooled by Trump s thinly veiled attempt to simply gain more support. Here s what people really thought of Trump s speech:TwitterTwitterTwitterMany people noticed how strange it was that Trump would choose Wisconsin and a mostly-white crowd to deliver a speech to black voters   especially when there were areas of America that needed to hear this much more. Some even called Trump  gutless. TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterBut of course, this speech was like all of Trump s previous speeches  pointless with a lot of nonsense that doesn t actually mean anything.TwitterTwitterTrump s racism and white privilege runs so deep, he probably didn t even see the fault in his approach.TwitterNo one was fooled. Pretty much, everyone saw right through Trump and figured out what this speech was really about:TwitterTwitterIt looks like Trump s speech was such a disaster, that even the 1% of African American voters that supported Trump might abandon the Republican nominee after they hear this!Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
5018, WATCH: Fox Host Smiles At The Thought Of An October Terrorist Attack That Would Help Trump,"A Fox host engaged in some seriously f*cked up wishful thinking on Tuesday and every American should be outraged.Bill O Reilly s original goon with a punchable face Jesse Watters smiled during an episode of The Five as he relished the idea of a terrorist attack in October that would scare voters into flocking to Donald Trump s campaign. If there s one more terror attack, maybe in October, this is gonna make Trump s plan look a lot more appealing,  Watters claimed.Yeah, that s right. A Trump-supporting Fox host just gave ISIS an idea for how they could seriously interfere with our democratic process. Watters literally talked about this evil October surprise as if it would be a good thing because it could help the Republican nominee beat Hillary Clinton in November.Fellow host Juan Williams was disgusted by Watters  remark and slammed him as  anti-American  for thinking of such a thing. Oh my god, what wishful thinking,  Williams responded.  Anti-American! That s unbelievable! Of course, Watters then played the victim. Why would you say that that s what I m thinking?  he asked.  How dare you? Williams demanded to know why Watters would put such a thought out into the world, especially since ISIS is likely watching. How dare you?  Watters whined again.  It s prudent political analysis,  he claimed. Oh that s what it was. I see,  Williams replied.  I thought it was desperation. No, I know about October surprises,  Watters arrogantly claimed.Here s the video via YouTube.This is about as despicable as it gets.Next month will be the 15th anniversary of the September 11th attacks in which nearly 3,000 Americans perished. And as ISIS continues to commit attacks around the world, Jesse Watters is thinking about how great it would be for Trump if only a terrorist attack could happen in this country specifically in October with the goal of affecting the outcome of the presidential election. It s one thing to talk about an October surprise, but Watters got specific and he smiled about it because he thinks it s an opportunity for Trump. This went beyond simple political analysis.Terrorist attacks kill people. They are bloody and violent. There is nothing funny or happy about a terrorist attack, especially at a time when Trump is calling for assassinating Hillary Clinton and claiming that the election is rigged. This election is tense enough as it is without Watters throwing the thought of a possible terrorist attack into the mix.Jesse Watters is sick and he should apologize to every American who has lost a loved one because of an act of terrorism. And he should apologize to America as a whole. Because what kind of American, what kind of human being smiles at the idea of a terrorist attack so that their political party can gain an advantage? This is unforgivable and Fox News should be ashamed for letting a prick like Watters step foot inside their studio.Featured image via screenshot",0
5019, THIS Is Trump’s Definition Of ‘Fair’ Media Coverage (VIDEO),"Trump hates the media with a passion. He often rails on Twitter, and at his rallies, about the  dishonest media,  and the  dishonest coverage  they give him. He complains that he s been treated very unfairly by any media outlet that doesn t immediately shove its head up his ass, and he bans outlets he deems to be too dishonest and unfair to have the privilege of covering him.Not once has he ever actually laid out what is  fair. But, thanks to his former campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, we now have a definition for  fair  reporting. But watch out, it s pretty ridiculous: What  fairly  means is you don t editorialize, you report what he says, that s fair. If you look at the story that he did in The New York Times on foreign policy, it was literally the transcript of what he said it wasn t editorialized at all. That s fair reporting. That was in response to Don Lemon saying that Trump is bashing CNN for repeating what he says and fact-checking it. So, basically,  fair  is no fact-checking, no discussion, just his words. Nothing else.All that does is give Trump a license to say what he wants, because then he knows the media won t call him on it. Of course, that s exactly what he wants to have happen. He wants everyone to believe him, to trust him implicitly, even though he s lying through his teeth. A huge part of his hatred toward the media is their penchant for fact-checking him, and proving him false.This is the most laughable definition of  fair  reporting imaginable.Watch a video of this below, beginning at about the 3:20 mark:Just now on @CNNTonight: some frank talk about Trump & the media with @CLewandowski_ & @DonLemonhttps://t.co/OJk77DpOvl  Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) August 17, 2016Featured image by Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
5020," WATCH: A Nazi Apologist Has Created A Group For Young Trump Fans, And It’s Downright Terrifying","Jayme Liardi makes no secret of the fact that he s isolationistic and xenophobic, and also seems to support, or at least sympathize with, Nazi ideology. That s not hyperbole   he actually does at least appear to be sympathetic to the Nazis, if not an outright supporter.Now he s created a group for young Trump fans and other young xenophobic conspiracy theorists with a name that bears a striking resemblance to the Hitler Youth. It s called the Trump Youth. While they don t mention Trump s name anywhere other than in their own name, the purpose is clear: Donald Trump represents an end to globalism, an end to multiculturalism, and an end to what Liardi clearly sees as the myth of equality.In a video he s made for the Trump Youth, he speaks of the parasites that we must throw off our backs: These parasites, they want war, they want destruction, they want slavery, and they re getting it. And unless we hold them accountable, unless we take justice into our own hands, and throw these parasites off our backs, the world will come to chaos.  [emphasis mine]He goes on to preach fear about the  New World Order,  which is made up of the globalists that are trying to destroy the world. Watch his entire fear-laced spiel below: The Trump Youth are the  hero generation. What does that whole thing sound like? It s not just that Liardi sees globalists as parasites. Nazis considered the Jews to be parasites that fed on society, and were the root of their problems from the end of WWI, into WWII: In this war for the very existence of the German people, we must daily remind ourselves that Jewry unleashed this war against us  As early as 1922 the F hrer said:  We were also those who for the first time made major efforts to explain to the people a danger that had crept up on us, and which millions of people did not recognize, even though it threatened to ruin us all: the danger of the Jews The German people has recognized that the Jew has crept in like a parasite not only into our people, but into all the peoples of the earth, and that it is attempting to corrupt the original racial characteristics of the peoples in order to destroy them both racially and as states, and thereby rule over them.  [emphasis mine]On his own website, Liardi says of WWII: WWII was a turning point in human history. A battle of opposite ideologies. Nationalism vs Globalism, International Communism vs  Nazism Our world today is the world of the victors, the world of the so-called Allies.On one path you have globalism. This is the world of capitalism/communism  The world of blind  equality : All races, cultures and ethnicities are the same, the sexes are the same, each individual is essentially the same. In our sameness, in our equality we are all one homogenous goop, rootless and without an identity, able to be exploited by the tyrants, our alleged representatives that we have in power today. If you have no identity, one will be installed into you by the kosher forces of The State.  [emphasis mine]So there you have it. A blond-haired, fair-skinned young man trying to create a group to fight for the same nationalism for which the Nazis fought. That he calls the group the Trump Youth indicates he may be a white supremacist himself, since it s evocative of the Hitler Youth and since Trump has received endorsements and support from known white supremacists (but don t call them that. They don t like it).Liardi is definitely a racist, a nationalist, and a conspiracy theorist, and he wants to gather other xenophobic racists to bring Trump s ideology to fruition, possibly even if Trump doesn t get electedFeatured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
5021, WATCH: 5 Straight Minutes Of Donald Trump Lying And Contradicting Himself,"There s a lot of uncertainties in this election, but one thing is crystal clear: Donald Trump is liar. Now, whether or not he believes in anything he says remains to be seen. No one has been able to  crack  the Republican presidential nominee (he even bragged that people can t) so who knows.But there is some telling evidence that Trump is a pathological lying, walking contradiction. Look at his Politifact file. Over 77 percent of the things that come out of his mouth have been lies.Then there s the obvious stuff: he use to support gay marriage and abortion, now he doesn t. He use o think Hillary Clinton was  terrific  and now she s  crooked.  He opposed the Iraq War from the beginning but actually he didn t. The list goes on and on.But instead of reading a list, the Democratic Coalition Against Trump has made a video documenting, chronicling and highlighting dozens of Trump s biggest lies and contradictions.Republicans thought they were clever with their  Hillary Clinton Lying For 13 Straight Minutes  video   until it was picked apart and debunked by Politifact, Reddit, Daily Kos and so forth. But when it comes to political hogwash and making mountains out of mole hills, Republicans are professionals.But with Trump as their nominee, they have no room to speak.Posted on their Facebook, the organization, which runs a website dedicated to exposing Trump s lies, wrote:This is incredible   watch Trump contradict himself on Iraq, abortion, Hillary Clinton, profanity, universal health care, the Libyan Intervention, illegal immigration, nuclear weapons, neo-Nazism, minimum wage, Bill Clinton, integrity, his tax returns, and his own political leanings.It is truly incredible to watch a man who has duped millions of Republicans into believing he is an authentic, conservative, pro-American counter to Hillary Clinton.Here s the video in all its glory, watched by over 3 million people:Trump supporters claim they back to bloated narcissist because he  says what he means  and he  tells it like it is. Only he doesn t say what he means   just what s expedient   and he doesn t tell it like it is, he tells it based on what his supporters want, and that certainly isn t the truth.Featured image via Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
5022, Hillary Clinton Slams Trump Over His Insane Litmus Test,"Donald Trump thought he could distract America from his insane, self-destructing campaign by releasing what he called a  policy proposal. He thought wrong.See, Trump s latest proposal only did one thing   it highlighted the sheer irony of the entire Trump campaign/manifesto/ideology. While himself being an anti-gay, anti-woman, anti-rule of law candidate, Trump wants to put in place a litmus test for immigrants (mostly Muslims) that asks them, point blank, if they support women s rights, gay rights, and the rule of law.Well that didn t go over so well for a lot of people, including Hillary Clinton. While Trump thought he could have everybody fooled, Clinton reminded the public just who he really is   an idiot:You oppose reproductive rights, support  conversion therapy,  and proposed a Muslim ban. https://t.co/H04wanQIub  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) August 15, 2016In other words: Trump couldn t pass his own litmus test.How can anyone expect a tyrant like Trump to be serious on immigration and combating terrorism when he, instead of proposing actual solutions, throws red meat to the nationalism and xenophobic lot that s his base?The United States already has a stringent process in place, and no one, not even Hillary Clinton, is going to let Trump get away with an asinine, offensive, and blatantly profiled litmus test of  American values. That term is subjective anyways, with a wide range of applicability being considered.Hillary Clinton has done a good job of pointing out Trump s faults   whether they be his taxes, his fraud of a university, his  proposals  and so forth.Featured image via Jessica Kourkounis/Getty Images",0
5023, Michael Moore Drops MAJOR Truth Bomb About Why Trump Is Self-Destructing,"Just a few days after activist and filmmaker Michael Moore wrote an open letter to Ivanka Trump begging her to convince her father to end his presidential campaign because Trump  is not well,  Moore has released another article explaining the insane downward spiral that Trump s campaign has been going down.According to Moore s column on the AlterNet, Trump is trying to lose this election on purpose   because he never wanted to be President of the United States in the first place. Moore believes that the only reason Trump was running was so that he could get a better deal on the next season of his reality TV show The Apprentice. Moore wrote that Trump:  never wanted to be president of the United States. I know this for a fact. I m not going to say how I know it. I m not saying that Trump and I shared the same agent or lawyer or stylist or, if we did, that that would have anything to do with anything. And I m certainly not saying that I ever overheard anything at those agencies or in the hallways of NBC or anywhere else. But there are certain people reading this right now, they know who they are, and they know that every word in the following paragraphs actually happened. Moore outlined that Trump had actually been bitter about a deal involving his shows, and felt this was a way to get more money out of it. Trump openly admitted that he was thinking about moving his shows to another network, and then launched a presidential campaign that was never meant to make it this far. So, on June 16th of last year, he rode down his golden escalator and opened his mouth. With no campaign staff, no 50-state campaign infrastructure   neither of which he needed because, remember, this wasn t going to be a real campaign   and with no prepared script, he went off the rails at his kick-off press conference, calling Mexicans  rapists  and  drug dealers  and pledging to build a wall to keep them all out. Jaws in the room were agape. His comments were so offensive, NBC, far from offering him a bigger paycheck, immediately fired him with this terse statement:  Due to the recent derogatory statements by Donald Trump regarding immigrants, NBCUniversal is ending its business relationship with Mr. Trump. Of course, Trump s plans backfired because he found himself fired by NBC. But another thing he didn t expect, was that he had struck a nerve in America s most racist and hateful population. Moore said: And then something happened. And to be honest, if it happened to you, you might have reacted the same way. Trump, to his own surprise, ignited the country, especially among people who were the opposite of billionaires. He went straight to #1 in the polls of Republican voters. Up to 30,000 boisterous supporters started showing up to his rallies. TV ate it up. He became addicted to the way people responded to him, so his presidential campaign only continued on: Trump fell in love with himself all over again, and he soon forgot his mission to get a good deal for a TV show. Trump never expected to become the leader of the GOP, but after winning the New Jersey primary, Moore believes that Trump s thoughts were something like,  I m actually going to be the Republican nominee   and my rich beautiful life is f#*@ing over!  Upon realizing that he wanted nothing to do with actually leading the country, Trump has been on self-destruction mode with controversy after controversy over the past few weeks. By this past weekend, the look on his face said it all    I hate this! I want my show back!  But it was too late. He was damaged goods, his brand beyond repair, a worldwide laughing stock and worse, a soon-to-be loser. Many now are sensing the end game here because they know Trump seriously doesn t want to do the actual job   and, most importantly, he cannot and WILL NOT suffer through being officially and legally declared a loser   LOSER!   on the night of November 8th. The fact that Trump has been self-sabotaging is a theory that is being touted more and more now that Trump s behavior becomes even more erratic. Moore s insight definitely makes sense here. Trump was a victim of his own ego   and how he (and the GOP) are stuck with the consequences.Featured image is a screenshot",0
5024, Tim Kaine: Trump ‘Unfit’ For Presidency Due To Blatant Disrespect Of Military (VIDEO),"Even though the election war is far from over, Tim Kaine won today s battle with Donald Trump when he blasted him for his blatant disrespect for the military and declared him  unfit  to serve as President of the United States as a result.Speaking near Fort Bragg, one of the country s largest Army bases, Kaine brought the crowd to their feet when he proclaimed the Republican nominee  unfit to be Commander-in-Chief. Kaine said: Anybody who says the American military is a disaster is unfit to be commander in chief. I don t think, in the history of the United States, there has been a major party nominee who has talked with such disrespect about the military, The vice presidential candidate then shredded Trump for his callous remarks about Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) having been a prisoner of war while fighting for the United States in Vietnam. Kaine ripped into the billionaire bully for saying he didn t consider people who had been captured to be heroes. How about making fun of John McCain for being a POW?  he asked.  Could you be more thick-headed, insensible and ignorant than that? Kaine also tore into Trump for attacking the Khan family, whose son was an Army captain that sacrificed his life in Iraq to save the lives of his fellow soldiers. Going after a Gold Star family? I ve gotta believe in North Carolina that s viewed the same way it s viewed in Virginia,  Kaine said.Kaine then compared Trump s reaction to Khizr Khan s criticisms at the Democratic National Convention to that of Hillary Clinton in response to remarks made by family members grieving for those who were killed in Benghazi at the Republican National Convention. Unlike Trump, Kaine explained, his running mate would never consider attacking a grieving military family. That s not what a president does,  said Kaine emphatically.  That s not what a president does. And Donald Trump is not ready to be president. Watch Tim Kaine declare Trump  unfit  to serve as president because of his disrespect for the military, here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEmklpv4SsM]Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5025," NBC Chairman SHREDS ‘Demented’ Trump, Rips Ratings For The Apprentice","NBC Entertainment chairman Bob Greenblatt took to his Facebook account to rip  demented  Donald Trump, calling him  pompous  and  toxic,  then took a shot at the ratings of Celebrity Apprentice. That post has since been deleted but Marlow Stern of The Daily Beast took a screen shot. The sad state of affairs thanks to a pompous businessman turned reality-TV star (whose show consistently ran LAST in its time period, by the way) who thinks speaking his mind is refreshing,  Greenblatt wrote.  It s actually corrosive and toxic because his  mind  is so demented; and his effect will unfortunately linger long after he s been told to get off the stage. The Donald often brags about the ratings for The Apprentice, just like he bragged about polls until recently when all national polls showed his campaign spiraling downward. Apparently, his ratings were nothing to brag about either.The Daily Beast reports:Greenblatt s Facebook post was a personal response to a recent New York Times op-ed penned by Nicholas Kristof that shows how  all across America Donald Trump is mainstreaming hate.  The column touches on bullying in schools, and recounts a moment during a high-school physics class in Forest Grove, Oregon, in which a  group of white students suddenly began jeering at their Latino classmates and chanting:  Build a wall! Build a wall!'  (Greenblatt, who is the first openly gay broadcast TV chairman, has long been active in pro-LGBT advocacy, as well as in anti-bullying efforts.)In 2015, Donald tweeted,  People don t understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Pres the Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt & folks @NBC were GREAT! Donald has claimed many times that The Apprentice was the number one show on television. As television critic Tim Goodman put it at the time,  Nobody spins like Trump. Nobody. It s just bloviation. Bloviation is a good word for Donald s presidential run, too. Bloviate is to  talk at length, especially in an inflated or empty way.  That s him alright.The GOP presidential candidate is going to be a sad panda today after reading Greenblatt s opinion of him.Featured image via screen capture. ",0
5026, Giuliani’s Excuse For Forgetting 9/11 Is Just As Bad As Forgetting It (VIDEO),"After a decade and a half of peppering nearly every political conversation with   as Joe Biden famously said   a noun, a verb and 9/11, the mayor who was in charge of New York City during 9/11 appeared to forget it ever happened when he said that terrorism didn t hit our country until President Obama took office.After taking a day of brutal media and Twitter mockery, Giuliani offered an explanation. He just didn t have enough time to form the couple of extra words, like  since 9/11. I m not there to give a major 45-minute policy address,  he said of his Trump introduction Monday in Youngstown, Ohio, where he said plainly that  under those eight years, before Obama came along, we didn t have any successful radical Islamic terrorist attack inside the United States. You speak in somewhat abbreviated language,  Giuliani told The News Tuesday.  All human beings speak in abbreviated language at times. Source: New York Daily NewsEven this short video clip is a minute and 20 seconds long. He had plenty of time to talk about everything but 9/11.The idea that  all (terrorist attacks) started once Clinton and Obama came to office  is both false and offensive. The deadliest terrorist attack happened when Giuliani was in office, and many speculate that things would not have been so bad, especially for the first responders, under a different mayor.More than that, this is a dangerous lie. As of 2014, 3,158 people have died from terrorist attacks within the United States. Over 2,900 of those people died during the attacks of 9/11. Even with the addition of the San Bernardino shooting, far fewer than 100 people have died from terrorist attacks on U.S. soil, at least since Obama took office.Whether or not Giuliani actually forgot 9/11 is irrelevant. Donald Trump is trying to create an environment in which no one is held accountable for their words, and Giuliani is no exception. The new way of campaigning, at least for Trump s team, is to spit out ridiculous accusations and assertions and then blame the media for directly quoting them. Giuliani says he will slip up again, as we all will, but since he s on the Trump team, don t look for any sort of contrition. Look for doubling down and more lies.Featured image via Jeff Swensen at Getty Images. ",0
5027, OOPS: Trump Supporter Argues Hillary Could Rig Election Because Republicans Do It All The Time,"Talk about throwing your own party under a bus. This Trump supporter literally said the GOP has rigged elections and that is supposed to prove that Hillary Clinton has rigged the 2016 Election.Roger Stone is one of Trump s biggest supporters and in defense of the Republican nominee s assertion that the 2016 Election is  rigged  in favor of Hillary he wrote a column for The Hill in an attempt to demonstrate that Trump is right to be concerned. Not only did it go badly, but the Republican Party must be totally pissed off about it.That s because Stone claimed that Wisconsin Republicans, under Reince Priebus s leadership, were successful at rigging five elections in the state to make sure things went their way. As someone with great sentimental attachment to the Republican Party, as I joined as the party of Goldwater, both parties have engaged in voting machine manipulation,  Stone claimed before naming names.  Nowhere in the country has this been more true than Wisconsin, where there are strong indications that Scott Walker and the Reince Priebus machine rigged as many as five elections including the defeat of a Walker recall election. Stone even accused Priebus of orchestrating Ted Cruz s victory over Trump in Wisconsin earlier this year:When the Trump vs. Cruz primary took place, the same pattern emerged again of a Marquette University poll showing a 20 point shift from Trump ahead by 10% to Trump behind by 10%, which was simply absurd. Shifts like that don t happen over brief intervals of time, absent a nuclear explosion. It didn t make any sense   unless you knew what was going on was an  instant replay  of Walker s victories. The machine Priebus built was delivering for Cruz big time.In short, Trump s longtime ally just tried to prove that Hillary could rig the election by accusing Republicans of rigging five elections and a primary in Wisconsin.Of course, this doesn t prove Trump s accusation against Hillary. What it does do, however, is call into question the trustworthiness of Republicans. If Reince Priebus is capable of rigging elections in Wisconsin to the point where Republicans can win five of them he is definitely capable of rigging a national election to make sure Republicans gain absolute power even though all of the polls indicate that Trump is losing this election badly.Trump own man just kneecapped the GOP nominee s own claims by shifting the election rigging accusation to Republicans.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5028, Adbusters Magazine Does Something BRILLIANT With Its Barcode On Trump Cover (IMAGE),"Adbusters  latest magazine cover definitely lives up to its mission of fighting back against the hostile takeover of our psychological, physical and cultural environments by commercial forces. The cover, which has Trump s face plastered across the entire page, has made very creative use of its bar code and Trump s head for a cover story about global fascism   and Trump is NOT going to be happy about it. Really, nothing could have been more appropriate:TwitterThis could be a jab at Trump for the anti-Semitic memes he got in trouble for a few months ago, or a statement about his overall leadership style as more of a dictator than a President. Either way, the magazine was dead on in calling Trump out for his divisive, inflammatory statements and proposals.With The Donald boasting a bar code mustache meant to represent the facial hair of Adolf Hitler, Adbusters has hit the nail on the head. The magazine s editorial says Adbusters Issue #127 takes on the rise of global fascism, exposing the symptoms of a sick and outdated system  by looking at cyber threats, political activism and the current Fascist mood dominating Eastern Europe.  The magazine explains: Everywhere you look, fascist tendencies are creeping into view as each day our world falls further and further into chaos. Have we forgotten the lessons of the past? Will we bury our heads into the comforts of virtual reality while egomaniacs capture the imagination of the masses? Cool Fascismo is an unprecedented exploration into a world where a culture of cool becomes a culture of fear. If that doesn t describe Trump perfectly, I don t know what does. We re waiting to see what Trump himself has to say about the new Adbusters cover, but there s a good chance it ll be a tweet about the magazine being  dishonest,  struggling and  SAD! Featured image via Twitter",0
5029, Former NATO Commander Rips Trump’s Terrorism Speech To Shreds (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s speech proposing extreme vetting  for immigrants through the use of an  ideological test  was just completely ripped to shreds by retired Navy Adm. James Stavridis.During a Tuesday morning interview on MSNBC s Morning Joe, Stavridis said Trump s address lacked specifics and was  a  where s the beef  type of speech.  Referring to Trump s promise that he would work closely  with NATO on counterterrorism, Stavridis said,  I think he made a reasonable stab at  hey, we ought to try to take some international action.  He kind of said,  good dog, NATO.' Trump also claimed on Monday that he deserves the credit for convincing NATO to finally take terrorism seriously since they created  a new division focused on terror threats  in response to his criticisms on their lack of action regarding terroristic threats. Stavridis was quick to call bullsh*t on this ridiculous notion and continued to stomp Trump s speech into the ground. You know, NATO has had that counter-terrorism division forever,  Stavridis continued.  What really was lacking in the speech is anything about how the inter-agency of the government would work together, how we d use intelligence, how we d use cyber, private/public communication, strategic communication. The only strategic communication I heard was,  I hate Muslims.' Watch retired Navy Adm. James Stavridis shred Trump s terrorism speech, here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5030, German Minister Of State Just Smacked Donald Trump Down With Facts,"Donald Trump just got owned for comparing Hillary Clinton to German Chancellor Angela Merkel in an effort to demonize her plan to let Syrian refugees settle in this country.During a rally on Monday, the Republican nominee told a crowd in Ohio that crime rates are up in Germany due to the influx of refugees from war torn parts of the Middle East and declared that Hillary Clinton wants to be like Merkel and make America just like Germany. Hillary Clinton wants to be America s Angela Merkel and you know what a disaster this massive immigration has been to Germany and the people of Germany,  Trump said.  Crime has risen to levels that no one thought they would ever, ever see. It is a catastrophe. Trump s claims baffled Germany s European Affairs Minister Michael Roth in particular because, as usual, Trump is lying in an effort to scare Americans into voting for him.In remarks made to Reuters, Roth apologized for Trump s made up claims and took on the task of cleaning up his mess by informing him of what is actually going on in Germany. I m sorry that the Republican presidential candidate trumpets out things like that without any factual basis,  Roth said.  If he had studied the actual situation in Germany, he would know that, while the many refugees who came to Germany and Europe pose a big challenge for us, and everything is still not completely resolved, they have not led to a massive increase in crime rates. Indeed, statistics show that the number of crimes committed in Germany are virtually unchanged from 2015, which means crime rates are NOT increasing due to the increased number of immigrants.According to Reuters:Statistics compiled by the German Interior Ministry showed the number of crimes reported in 2015   excluding visa violations and other immigration violations   remained essentially unchanged from the previous year at 5.9 million.Once again, Trump embarrassed himself and America by spouting falsehoods about another nation. Roth should not have to comment on bullshit like this but he is forced to do so because American conservatives hate facts and would rather lie to win elections.In addition, comparing Hillary to Angela Merkel is a high compliment since Merkel is a powerful and successful female head of state who has turned Germany into an economic powerhouse that is 20 years away from becoming 100 percent energy independent.If Hillary Clinton is anything like Merkel America can expect to achieve great heights in the years ahead.Featured image via Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
5031, The New York Daily News Brutally Rips Rudy Giuliani For Forgetting 9/11,"Rudy Giuliani just committed the greatest sin one could in this country by pretending that the worst terrorist attack on American soil never happened. And the New York Daily News ripped him a new one for it.During a rally for Donald Trump on Monday, the former New York City mayor   who has constantly reminded us that he was the mayor on September 11, 2001   stopped reminding and began forgetting in order to attack President Obama.Giuliani appallingly claimed that it was only after President Obama took office that terrorists started to successful pull off attacks in the United States. Under those eight years, before Obama came along, we didn t have any successful radical Islamic terrorist attack inside the United States,  Giuliani declared.But President Obama took office in 2009, eight years after al-Qaeda operatives hijacked two airplanes and crashed them into both towers of the World Trade Center. Both would later fall as the nation watched in horror. Nearly 3,000 people lost their lives that day, and Republicans have never missed a chance to invoke the travesty for political gain.But Giuliani did just that on behalf of the Republican nominee and he drew the ire of the New York Daily News, who brutally reminded him of the big mistake he made.Giuliani s face appears on the cover of the New York Daily News on Tuesday along with an image of the World Trade Center after a plane had just exploded into it. Rudy s most pathetic politicizing of 9/11 yet,  the headline declares.  In sick pitch for Trump, ex-Mayor despicably  forgets. Here s the cover via Twitter.Today s front page: RUDY S MOST PATHETIC POLITICIZING OF 9/11 YET: ex-mayor  forgets  https://t.co/z5ZofQT217 pic.twitter.com/05Hq5ZurOy  New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) August 16, 2016Indeed, it is pathetic and despicable. It s also a desperation play as Trump continues to fall in the polls against Hillary Clinton.Conservatives are desperately trying to convince Americans that President Obama is weak on national security, but the fact of the matter is that ISIS would not exist if President Bush had not invaded Iraq in 2003.That unnecessary war gave rise to more terrorists and has only caused us grief in the Middle East and here at home. But rather than take responsibility for their own screw-ups, Republicans would rather blame President Obama for everything instead. And the American electorate should punish the GOP thoroughly for it on Election Day.Featured image via screen capture ",0
5032, Trump Gets Called Out: Khizr Khan And Harry Reid Dare Him To Take His Own Naturalization Test,"In a speech on Monday, Donald Trump proposed an absurd  idealogical test to gauge the  American values  of immigrants seeking to become naturalized citizens of the United States. Khizr Khan and Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid are calling out the billionaire bigot and daring him to take the test himself   without failing.Khan made headlines when Trump attacked him after he spoke at the Democratic National Convention. Khan talked about his son, who gave his while serving with the U.S. military in Iraq, and asked if Trump had ever even read the Constitution before offering to lend him his copy. In response to Trump s proposed test for immigrants, Khan slammed his bigoted rhetoric and challenged the Republican nominee to take the test along with him.This is my country too. We must make it safe   as Muslim Americans it is our obligation to keep our country safe. We reject all violence. We support better immigration policies. We stand as a testament to assimilation and being part of patriotic America as anyone else.I challenge Trump to take the naturalization test with me any day. His is demagoguery and pandering for vote. A divider like Trump can never be the steward of this country.Reid also responded to Trump s naturalization test by daring him to step up and take the test himself. He said in no uncertain terms that he didn t have any reason to believe that Trump would be able to pass and  would almost certainly fail. Since Donald Trump wants to impose new tests on immigrants, he should take the one test every immigrant has to pass to become a United States citizen. He would almost certainly fail, given his general ignorance and weak grasp of basic facts about American history, principles and functioning of our government.The Senate minority leader added that  unlike immigrants, Donald Trump represents none of the qualities that make America great,  and then proceeded to list a multitude of ways in which immigrants do just that.Trump claimed that extreme, extreme vetting  is absolutely necessary to  screen out any who have hostile attitudes toward our country or its principles.  He insisted that this test would include questions to gain an understanding of an applicant s stances on gender equality, gay rights, religious freedom and the rule of American law. Anyone who fails the test would not be allowed to become a U.S. citizen and this will keep us all safe, because ISIS.Despite Trump s arguments otherwise, it was glaringly obvious that he wasn t trying to screen out just any immigrants and this was just another way he had come up with to keep Muslims out of the United States. Ironically, Trump and most of his followers would fail the test themselves.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5033," Reagan’s Son TEARS The ‘Absurdity’ Of Trump, His Campaign And The Entire GOP to SHREDS","Ron Reagan, the late President Reagan s son, is understandably indignant over any idea at all that Donald Trump is anything like his father. In fact, he s angry that the GOP even nominated Trump   this is not his father s party at all. To make matters worse, Mike Pence compared Trump s foreign policy ideas to Reagan, and that was just too much for young Ron Reagan.He let loose on Pence, Trump, the entire campaign, and the GOP in an interview on MSNBC. He first addressed Pence s ridiculous assertion that Trump s foreign policy is anything like Ronald Reagan s 1979 campaign s  broad-shouldered approach : One thing he left out, I suppose, is that my father wasn t pathological. My father would ve been humiliated and embarrassed by what has happened to his party, the Republican Party, and would be humiliated and embarrassed that they have nominated somebody like Donald Trump to be president of the United States. As bad as St. Ronnie was, at least he carried some credibility. Trump has no credibility   how can he when every word out of his mouth is a lie, and when he changes his opinions as often as anyone with a shred of personal hygiene changes their underwear? Ron touched on that, too, when he launched into his full-scale attack: Trump should not be in this race. He s an absurdity. He s a travesty. And that is the reality here. I know it s difficult for journalists to deal with this. We re used to covering presidential races where we grant credibility to both sides, but that is not the case this time Donald Trump is not [a credible candidate]. I had the dubious pleasure of reading the transcript of his speech today. It s full of the usual empty jargon. This is a man who knows nothing about the world and cannot be president of the United States. Ron went on by saying that a President Trump will be a national emergency because of his severe inexperience with the world, and his inability to learn, well, pretty much anything. Watch his full comments below, via MSNBC:Trump s foreign policy ideas are so insane that Republican foreign policy experts are saying his plans will badly undermine the U.S.   something Trump himself will never acknowledge. For instance, he wants to beat China into submission on trade, but his ideas are more likely to  wreck our country s credibility, economy, and leadership in very short order,  particularly in Asia.That s the opposite of what Trump keeps peddling, but that s where Ron s statements come into play. Trump is an absurdity; a carnival sideshow, or a silly, outlandish cartoon. Despite the GOP s attempts to turn him into a serious candidate, he s continued down his own path and virtually cost himself the election already, and it s only August.St. Reagan might be responsible for a lot of our current ills, but even he could actually run things. Trump can t even run his own businesses, let alone mount a serious campaign for president. Ron is right   he shouldn t even be in the race.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
5034, Obama Delivers The PERFECT Trump Insult That Will Make Republicans Cry,"President Barack Obama is sick and tired of talking about Republican nominee, and he didn t hesitate to let everyone know how eager he is for Trump to disappear from the political limelight.While on his 16-day vacation in Martha s Vineyard, Obama took a short break to join Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton at a fundraiser   and honored everyone in attendance with an insult the GOP will never forget. Speaking to the 60 donors in attendance, Obama said: I know this is not an audience where I need to make a hard sell. To some degree, I had you at hello when it comes for voting for Hillary. Then Obama laid down some cold truth for the Republican party   Trump is doing such a good job at destroying himself that no one needs to spend time and energy making a case against him: Frankly, I m tired of talking about her opponent. I don t have to make the case against her opponent, because every time he talks, he makes the case against his own candidacy. Ouch. The GOP knows this is true, too   they are currently planning on dumping Trump if he can t stay on message and turn his campaign around. Without a doubt, Obama s words are going to hit too close to home.Obama also spoke about the GOP s  unrelenting negative campaign  against Clinton, and urged Americans to continue to take this election seriously and be fierce in getting their fellow Americans to the polls to vote against Trump, even though numerous sources report that Trump s campaign is tanking. Obama warned that this is no time to relax: If we are not running scared until the day after the election, we are going to be making a grave mistake. If we do our job, then Hillary will be elected president of the United States. But if we do not do our jobs, then it s still possible for her to lose. When I say do our jobs, what I mean is we are going to have to continue to be engaged, we are going to continue to have to write checks, we are going to continue to have to make phone calls and rally people behind her candidacy. Obama doubled down and said We have to be aggressive in our campaign for 80 days and that s not a lot, but when you think about the stakes, there s nothing more important. Featured image via Pool and Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5035, GOP Third-Party Candidate Live-Tweets Trump’s Foreign Policy Speech And DESTROYS Him (TWEETS),"It s only been a few weeks since CIA veteran Evan McMullin announced that he was joining the presidential race as a conservative Independent candidate, but it s already obvious that he s got it out for Republican nominee Donald Trump.Not only did McMullin blast Trump on Sunday in an interview with ABC s This Week in which McMullin made an extremely strong case for why Trump is  not a credible candidate,  but he continued his personal crusade against Trump on Monday by live-tweeting the business mogul s foreign policy speech and pointing out every blatant error.During Trump s speech, the GOP nominee basically spewed his usual bigotry   he proposed that immigrants be screened through an idealogical test to determine if they can enter the country, spoke about a  commission on radical Islam  and expressed support for war crimes. McMullin, just like most of us, was disgusted and shocked by what he was hearing and decided to tweet his reactions as The Donald filled his supporters  gullible ears with nonsense. This is what resulted:TwitterTwitterTwitterMcMullin actually had some really important points to bring up, such as the fact that Trump will basically ruin America s standing with other countries TwitterTwitterTwitterMcMullin also called Trump out for his extreme policies and dictator-like delivery.TwitterTwitterTwitterThe former CIA operative made sure to point out that if voters were looking for a conservative candidate, he was far more qualified than Trump on all counts. And there s more than enough reason to believe that the GOP will be eager to get behind him, considering that several of the party s more prominent leaders have already condemned and denounced Trump for his inflammatory rhetoric.It seems like McMullin is on a roll and doesn t plan on stopping his attacks on Trump anytime soon. Just last week, McMullin called Trump an  inhuman  authoritarian. Judging from these tweets, things are escalating quickly.Featured image via screenshots",0
5036, Trump Wants To Impose An Ideological Litmus Test On Immigrants (Which He Couldn’t Even Pass),"There cannot be any bigger example of irony in American politics than Donald Trump s newest proposal for immigrants coming into the United States.According to a new report, Donald Trump will put forth a proposal that will test incoming immigrants on their support for  American values  as a litmus test for citizenship. What will these questions entail? Whether or not these immigrants support gender equality, gay rights, religious freedom and the rule of American law.The irony is rich   a man who has no respect for gender equality, gay rights, religious freedom or the rule of law is going to ask hardworking immigrants if they support the things he does not. Maybe it s a catch 22   perhaps if the immigrants answer  YES  to any of the following a Trump Administration would deny them entry.Suppose an immigrant comes through and is asked if he or she does not support gay rights. Like many Christians in this country, many Muslims or Catholics from South America do not support same-sex marriage. If a Muslim or a South American Catholic answer that they do not support same-sex marriage, would a Trump Administration brand them, ultimately, as anti-gay?Remember, Donald Trump doesn t support same-sex marriage.In other words, he himself would most likely fail his own immigration test.Trump s senior policy adviser, Stephen Miller, told the Associated Press that the aim of the new litmus test was to selectively determine who our  friends  are and which immigrants would best be equipped to fight against  radical Islamic terrorism.  So there it is   this isn t a test on all immigrants; it s really a test on Muslims cleverly disguised as a legitimate part of immigration customs.I guess that whole adhering to religious freedom thing doesn t ring true for Trump or his lily white allies. Miller also told the AP that the purpose of the litmus test is to fill the cracks left by gaps in traditional vetting from countries that are, well, predominantly Muslim (even though our vetting process is meticulous).Once again Trump s  policy proposal  has fallen flat. When your own candidate couldn t pass such a subjective test, it s best not to make others take it.Featured image via Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
5037, Right-Leaning Wall Street Journal Turns Its Back On Trump In BLISTERING Op-Ed,"Trump s war on the media isn t earning him any allies, and now it s cost him one of the biggest, most well-known conservative outlets we ve got: The Wall Street Journal. Their editorial board published their opinion (paywall) of Trump late Sunday afternoon, and they didn t hold back at all. The cutting editorial tells Trump to shape up, or ship out.WSJ blasts Trump for his reliance on his rally turnouts and social media followings for indications of how he s doing. They blast his refusal to actually work in the battleground states. They blast the disorganization and sheer incompetence of his campaign and his unpopularity: Mr. Trump has alienated his party and he isn t running a competent campaign. Mrs. Clinton is the second most unpopular presidential nominee in history after Mr. Trump. But rather than reassure voters and try to repair his image, the New Yorker has spent the last three weeks giving his critics more ammunition. Keep in mind that WSJ isn t anything like close to liberal. They re fun to cite when their stories contradict typical right-wing talking points because they lean so far to the right. Now, though, it looks like they feel  The Donald has betrayed them: Even with more than 80 days left, Mr. Trump s window for a turnaround is closing. The  Trump pivot  always seemed implausible given his lifelong instincts and habits, but Mr. Trump promised Republicans.  At some point I ll be so presidential that you people will be so bored, and I ll come back as a presidential person, and instead of 10,000 people I ll have about 150 people and they ll say, boy, he really looks presidential,  he said in April. And then they ended with an ultimatum: If [his supporters] can t get Mr. Trump to change his act by Labor Day, the GOP will have no choice but to write off the nominee as hopeless and focus on salvaging the Senate and House and other down-ballot races. As for Mr. Trump, he needs to stop blaming everyone else and decide if he wants to behave like someone who wants to be President or turn the nomination over to Mike Pence. WSJ obviously doesn t want to see Hillary elected because the Democrats hardly represent conservative views. However, as far as they re concerned, any Republican would be better than Trump at this point. No candidate has been in this position, at this point in an election cycle, in the modern polling era, and gone on to win the November election. His  window for a turnaround  may actually be gone.From Trump s point of view, this editorial is likely going down as more of the  very biased  press lying about him. He spent seven tweets blasting the press, and claimed he d be way ahead of Hillary if the media would stop protecting her and cover him honestly and fairly.The only honest and fair media in Trumpland is the media that says he s the God of Being Right About Everything. His followers have all been transported to Trumpland, and they re eating up his complaints about the media like candy. Trump does not see any reason to change when his followers worship him, and when he thinks they re a sufficient measure of his progress.He should keep this in mind: You know you re in bad shape when you re a Republican and the Wall Street Journal is this unhappy with you.Featured image by Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
5038, BUSTED: Uncovered Video Shows Trump Supporting Hillary In 2008 (VIDEO),"It s not news to say that Donald Trump is a phony. He s neither a great businessman nor as wealthy as he says he is. He contradicts his own words far more often than he contradicts the words of his opponent.So, who is the real Donald Trump, and does he believe a single word of what he says? Well, we can t know that for sure, but what we do know is that in 2008, Trump was a Hillary Clinton supporter. In fact, he called her  fantastic  in a Fox News (yes, Fox News) interview. Now, to be fair, he also said he was a fan of Rudy Giuliani and Mitt Romney. He also, despite not knowing much about him, called Barack Obama  very capable. Even eight years ago, Trump was asked whether he would ever run for president. He said he would probably never run because -you read this right   he s  too honest. Here s the video:That s wasn t the first or the last time Trump praised the woman who s standing in his way of becoming Dictator in Chief. Last month, Clinton put out an ad showing Trump heaping her with praise.The ad features the words,  Donald Trump reveals the truth about Hillary Clinton  and shows Trump saying on FOX News,  Hillary Clinton, I think, is a terrific woman.  In another clip, Trump praises her and Bill Clinton, saying,  I know her very well and I know her husband very well, and I like them both They are just really terrific people. The ad also quotes Trump praising Hillary Clinton as a  smart, tough and a very nice person,  and said,  She really works hard, and I think she does a good job. Source: TimeDoes it really matter what Trump said about Hillary Clinton in the past? He can t even keep his story straight about what he said yesterday. The damage here is not that he s contradicting himself. His supporters really don t care about that. The damage here is that Trump s supporters hate Hillary Clinton even more than they like Trump. If we could somehow play this on a nonstop loop at Walmart or wherever Trump supporters congregate, we might see a rash of exploding heads.Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
5039, Right-Wing Radio Host Regrets That Conservatives Were Turned Into Fact-Free ‘Monsters’,"As Donald Trump continues to be showered with adulation from conservatives, one right-wing radio host is seriously regretting the role right-wing media has played in his rise.The Republican nominee s campaign has been devoid of facts since the first day and his conservative supporters have eaten up every word he has uttered with absolute relish, from claiming that the election is rigged, to calling President Obama the  founder of ISIS,  to claiming that most Americans like him. Not to mention his relentless accusations that the mainstream media is just making stuff up because they are in league with Hillary Clinton.In addition, Trump and his supporters deny science and math and attack anyone who disagrees with them as  unpatriotic traitors  who should be targeted with violence or suppressed from participating in the democratic process.The bottom line is that conservatives have been drilled by conservative media to hate facts and any media source that reports them, which is why an extremist con man like Trump is now the leader of the Republican Party.And one right-wing radio host now regrets the way he and others like him have turned conservative voters into fact-hating zombies. We ve basically eliminated any of the referees, the gatekeepers,  conservative radio host Charlie Sykes told Business Insider during an interview conducted by Oliver Darcy. There s nobody. Let s say that Donald Trump basically makes whatever you want to say, whatever claim he wants to make. And everybody knows it s a falsehood,  he explained. The big question of my audience, it is impossible for me to say that.  By the way, you know it s false.  And they ll say,  Why? I saw it on Allen B. West.  Or they ll say,  I saw it on a Facebook page.  And I ll say,  The New York Times did a fact check.  And they ll say, Oh, that s The New York Times. That s bullshit.  There s nobody- you can t go to anybody and say,  Look, here are the facts. And I have to say that s one of the disorienting realities of this political year. You can be in this alternative media reality and there s no way to break through it. And I swim upstream because if I don t say these things from some of these website, then suddenly I have sold out. Then they ll ask what s wrong with me for not repeating these stories that I know not to be true. Sykes then warned that there will be consequences for what conservative media has done over the last few decades. When this is all over, we have to go back,  Sykes said, presumably back to a time when facts mattered.  There s got to be a reckoning on all this. We ve created this monster. Look, I m a conservative talk show host. All conservative talk show hosts have basically established their brand as being contrasted with the mainstream media. So we have spent 20 years demonizing the liberal mainstream media. And by the way, a lot has been justifiable. There is real bias. But, at a certain point you wake up and you realize you have destroyed the credibility of any credible outlet out there. And I am feeling, to a certain extent, that we are reaping the whirlwind at that. And I have to look in the mirror and ask myself,  To what extent did I contribute? Indeed, conservative now look upon trusted mainstream media outlets such as NBC and the New York Times as their enemies simply because they report facts. This has led to the rise of conservative outlets such as Fox News, which often twists facts or lies outright to make their viewers angry in an effort to steer them toward a certain political viewpoint. And that is precisely why Fox has been called the propaganda arm of the GOP.But all of that demonizing of facts and the mainstream media outlets that report them has created the political climate in which con men like Donald Trump are thriving. In fact, Trump s supporters love lies so much that they didn t even notice or care when Trump told them to their faces that he has been lying to them.American democracy could be irrevocably harmed by right-wing hucksters who seriously believe the mainstream media has a liberal bias. The problem is that facts are not bipartisan. Something is either a fact or it isn t. And just because the facts are not on the side of conservatives and their bullshit policies and ideas that does not give them the right to demonize them for their own gain. That s how we end up with paranoid idiots like Trump getting this close to becoming president. And stupidity and paranoia are the last things America needs in the White House.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5040, WATCH: Giuliani’s BIG LIE At Trump Rally Is Jaw-Dropping,"Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani has been recently designated by the Donald Trump for President campaign as their go-to opener for his campaign rallies. He did so in jaw-dropping fashion on Monday as the Trump campaign launched another event with a bizarre statement.Hyping up Trump, Giuliani made the insane statement that before the presidency of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton s tenure as Secretary of State, the United States didn t  have any successful radical Islamic terrorist attacks in the U.S. Video of Rudy saying we didn't ""have any successful radical Islamic terrorist attacks in the U.S."" before Obama: pic.twitter.com/3tC1InfZj0  andrew kaczynski (@BuzzFeedAndrew) August 15, 2016Of course, the reality is that the worst terrorist attack in the history of the United States was perpetrated by radical Islamic terrorists under the banner of al Qaeda on September 11, 2001.The attacks killed thousands of people in New York City, Washington D.C., and Pennsylvania.The statement is even more jaw-dropping because few major politicians are as identified with 9/11 as Giuliani, who served as mayor of New York City on the day of the attack and famously walked with firefighters and police through the rubble after the attacks.He even based much of his failed 2004 presidential run on his actions on that day.The president at the time was of course President George W. Bush, the Republican. By contrast, Osama bin Laden was killed by U.S. marines on May 2, 2011 in a raid on his compound in Afghanistan that was ordered by President Barack Obama.The conservative movement has for years tried to argue that they are stronger against terrorism than Democrats, and as an outgrowth they have worked to down play Democratic successes in that fight. There has been an intense crackdown on terrorists during Obama s seven years as President, including rolling up on the al Qaeda network, ISIS, and other groups.Giuliani s statement is a blatant lie, but it has strong support with hardcore conservatives.Featured image via Twitter",0
5041, Watch Trump’s Spokesperson Not Understand The Definition Of The Word ‘Literally’ (VIDEO),"It s beginning to get to the point where one can wonder if Donald Trump is deliberately self-destructing on purpose, because maybe he really doesn t actually want to be president, just beloved by millions in a quest to prove his own self-worth and popularity.Besides the fact that Trump is saying horrific things daily, things so bad that his own party is turning on him, the people whom he sends out to represent him on varying media outlets are clearly a few sandwiches short of a picnic.Take, for instance, Katrina Pierson. A woman who thinks President Obama started the war in Afghanistan, because clearly he has a time machine and could go back to 2001 to get the ball rolling. Not to mention the fact that there has been ongoing tension within Afghanistan that we ve been dealing with for decades.Now, Pierson has literally used the word  literally  to make a point about something that literally never happened.While being interviewed on Fox Business, Pierson said reporters  literally beat Trump supporters.  Really? They literally did that? Really? Hmm . Methinks she s a tad hyperbolic to try to make a point, and if anyone is inciting violence, it s Trump and his supporters. Literally.Watch her literal idiocy here:Trump campaign spokeswoman Katrina Pierson says reporters  literally beat Trump supporters  pic.twitter.com/tV8vtIBcgV  Joe Perticone (@JoePerticone) August 15, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5042, Hannity Gets His A** Kicked By Newsweek For Lying Constantly And Insulting People With Epilepsy,"Sean Hannity is definitely going to blow a gasket about this.In recent weeks, major mainstream media outlets have been slamming the Fox News host for pushing lie after lie after lie in his effort to get Donald Trump elected in November.First, Jon Stewart came out of retirement for one night to slam Hannity so hard for being a hypocrite when it comes to the way he has treated Trump versus the shitty way he has treated President Obama that the conservative host could hardly stammer his way through an angry response to the comedian the next day.And then Hannity threw a hissy fit after Wall Street Journal foreign affairs columnist Bret Stephens called him  Fox News  dumbest anchor  for attacking Republican leaders for not blindly supporting Trump no matter what he does.Then CNN host Brian Stelter took Hannity to the woodshed for helping Trump claim that the election is rigged for Hillary Clinton.And if that weren t enough, the Washington Post also dealt Hannity a major rebuke for lying about Trump rescuing stranded Marines after the Gulf War came to a close.Now Hannity just got his ass handed to him by Newsweek over his constant stream of lies and the fact that he insulted people with epilepsy by questioning Hillary Clinton s health.Kurt Eichenwald absolutely destroyed Hannity in a published column and it s clear that he just smacked Hannity in the face with a gauntlet. HARD.A man who purports to be a dutiful Catholic, Hannity has made a career out of violating the ninth commandment (or eighth in his faith) against lying about others. If Hannity stopped vomiting up falsehoods, his program would be nothing but a test pattern. From him and the others in the  Who cares if it s false?  conservative media camp, we have heard over the decades that Hillary and Bill Clinton murdered many people, that the Bush administration found weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, that Obama could be on the verge of declaring martial law, and on and on.They are pretend journalists pumping out propaganda to scared, foolish people.Eichenwald then took Hannity to task for telling his audience that Hillary may have had a seizure in a video which shows Clinton  Being pulled in different directions by multiple speakers at once, Clinton playfully acted like a bobblehead doll, smiling and then speaking after the joke was over. But Hannity characterized Clinton s playfulness as a serious medical condition, which Eichenwald did NOT appreciate.I know this response to Sean Hannity is a little raw, but as someone with epilepsy, I hope my editors will let this slip through: Fuck you, Sean. Your willingness to deceive your viewers to degrade those of us with epilepsy, to suggest something is a seizure when it looks nothing like one, to leave people dumber about this condition is unforgivable.It is rare for a mainstream journalist to use such strong language, but Hannity certainly deserved it. And that was only the beginning.Eichenwald went on to talk about what a real seizure is, explaining: People do not smile during a seizure while standing upright and then immediately launch into a coherent sentence. There s no smiling because, if for some reason the person experiencing the seizure has not collapsed to the ground in unconsciousness, the moment the body begins to move uncontrollably is terrifying. After a seizure, someone does not instantly jump back into a conversation, making jokes. Eichenwald then delivered the final blow.While I know you almost never apologize for anything you do on the air, this sin requires some penance. It can be done in secret if you don t have the character to make a public pronouncement of regret. Write a check. Make a donation to help those you demeaned and damaged if you are unable to show the backbone to undo the damage you have done, you can understand why I say you  purport  to be a Catholic. If you really were one, you d be worried about burning in hell for what you ve done.Thus far, Sean Hannity has not responded nor has he thrown a temper tantrum over Eichenwald basically putting him over his knee and giving his an ass-whipping. But you can bet one will probably happen soon as Hannity has a thin skin just like Donald Trump.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5043, GOP Rep. Steve King: The Time ‘Has Passed’ For Release Of Trump’s Tax Returns (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s refusal to release his tax returns has been an issue that has dogged him for his entire campaign. While it is not legally required for presidential candidates to release those documents, it has been tradition for them to do so in the interest of transparency for the electorate. However, Trump refuses. He uses being audited as an excuse, but that makes no sense since all of the returns from previous years are not being audited, and, even if they were, that would not prevent him from releasing them. Trump isn t releasing his taxes because there is something in there that he doesn t want us all to see. It s as simple as that.Well, GOP Rep. Steve King made an appearance on MSNBC s Morning Joe on Monday morning, and of course, Trump s tax returns became a topic of conversation. Rep. King says of the matter: I just think the window for that has passed. When he said that he wouldn t release his returns till the audit was over, and he d been being audited for 13 years, I d say that for him to release them is just a forgone conclusion. Donald Trump will not release his tax returns. King added: If he drops it now, into this presidential intense sprint around to the final turn part of the race, I think that would be the only discussion we would hear all the way until November. Well, Rep. King, they ll be talking about it anyway. Trump should release his returns so that people can see that he has nothing to hide. You re right in saying that it is way past time for him to release these tax documents, and you re likely right that he won t do it, because there s probably some very damning things in there that would hurt his candidacy even more than the heat he is taking for refusing to release.Watch Rep. King s remarks below:.@SteveKingIA: The window for Trump tax returns has passed https://t.co/lPQJ34Kaor  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) August 15, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5044, Breitbart Fails HARD In Trying To Prove Polls Are Biased,"We have roughly 92 billion opinion polls going around regarding the presidential election, and right now, they all show Trump and Hillary either locked in a dead heat, or Hillary leading, across the nation and in key states. Of course, this means the polls are rigged, or at least biased, right? Right. So Breitbart, being of sound editorial judgment, commissioned Gravis to conduct their own poll. The results?Hillary leads Trump 42 percent to 37 percent.That s in a four-way race, not a two-way. The poll surveyed 2,832 people on August 9, and carries a 1.8 percent margin of error. So Hillary is outside of even that.Alex Marlow, editor-in-chief at Breitbart, has this to say about their poll: It s an open secret that polls are often manipulated and spun to create momentum for a particular candidate or issue. Breitbart News Network s first national poll marks the start of a major initiative to give our readers an accurate assessment on where the American people stand on the key topics and people of the day   without the mainstream media filter. It s pretty telling when the poll you conducted, with the intent of being as neutral as possible, brings back the same results as the polls you think are biased. This poll has Hillary leading Trump by five percent. In a four-way race, Reuters/Ipsos  most recent poll likewise has Hillary leading by five points, Economist/YouGov has her up by six points, and even Rasmussen Reports has her up by three points.But Trump s crowds are huge and Hillary s aren t, so of course the polls are screwy. Breitbart and Gravis are trying to put a positive spin on it, though, saying that the poll reveals areas where Trump can reach more voters. For some reason, Doug Kaplan, managing partner at Gravis, thinks things like 11 percent support for Trump from the black community presents a problem for Hillary. His rationale seems to be based only on the fact that Hillary has less support from the black community than Obama did in 2012.Hillary also won big when it came to the question,  Do you agree or disagree? Donald Trump/Hillary Clinton would fight for people like me.  Overall, only 39 percent feel that Hillary would fight for them, and Trump had 38 percent of that. However, when it came to Muslims, a stunning 84 percent said they think she ll fight for them.Obviously, Trump won t have that kind of support from the Muslim community. Not with his Islamophobic remarks toward them.Overall, Breitbart walked away from this with egg on their face, because they sought to prove one thing and failed miserably. In the end, all they showed is that either Gravis is biased, too, or that (gasp!) the polls are more accurate than the right would like to believe.Photo of Hillary by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images. Photo of Donald Trump by Alex Wong/Getty Images. Images merged by Rika Christensen",0
5045, WATCH: John Oliver Rips ‘Douchebag’ Trump For Attacking Obama And Calling Election ‘Rigged,"John Oliver had a field day mocking Donald Trump on Sunday night for repeatedly shooting himself in the foot and it was an absolute laugh riot.The HBO host of Last Week Tonight began by talking about how Hillary Clinton released her tax returns and has had to answer questions about Clinton Foundation connections to the State Department, which could have helped the Republican nominee if he hadn t utterly screwed himself and his own campaign by running his mouth. She was eclipsed by the imploding star that is Donald Trump, the owner of what you might describe as a  resting rich face,  Oliver said.You see, Trump tried to briefly act sane by reading his speech material off of a teleprompter, which the right-wing hypocritically whines about President Obama doing, so he can t go off script and say stupid things. This was the 53rd consecutive week he was going to put his campaign back on track,  Oliver quipped.But no sooner had Trump started doing that when he started calling for  Second Amendment people  to do something about Hillary, claimed the the election is rigged, and declared that President Obama literally  founded ISIS. Wow,  Oliver remarked.  Now clearly what he just said is absolutely absurd, but even when people try to help him reframe it, he doubled down. Indeed, during an interview with right-wing radio host Hugh Hewitt he doubled down on his accusation despite being given an opportunity to walk his statements back, only to then claim that he was merely being  sarcastic  when he repeatedly called the sitting President of the United States the leader of a terrorist organization. He s so insistent!  Oliver continued.  He s like the guy drowning but waving off a lifeboat saying,  Get out of here, I m very buoyant. I m the most buoyant. Everybody talks about my buoyancy. I m a tremendous floater.  And yes,  sarcasm  is a bullshit excuse. It s the douchebag s apology. After incredulously noting that Trump walked back his  bullshit excuse,  Oliver then took on Trump s dangerous charge that Hillary will only win the election because it is  rigged. What is really worth taking note of there, and is worth thinking about, is that he s suggesting the election may be stolen by his opponent, and that s actually dangerous. He is priming his supporters to question the result when he loses Pennsylvania, as polls indicate he will, and as all Republican presidential candidates have since 1988. In fact, Trump actually urged police officers who support him to patrol polling places to make sure voters don t vote multiple times. In short, Trump supporters are primed to intimidate minority voters on Election Day, because as we all know, conservatives believe minority voters cheat the system. But Oliver pointed out how Americans will know if Trump somehow wins the election. In a way, we are all Trump Election Day observers. Because if you look out of your window in November and see the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse you ll know, oh shit, they just called Florida! Oliver then explained that his team signed up as an  election observer  on Trump s website to see what would happen and they got an email declaring that  we are going to do everything we are legally allowed to do to stop crooked Hillary from rigging this election.  And that prompted Oliver to question if Trump knows what is legal and what is not since his own lawyer once claimed that spousal rape isn t real. Plus, again, Trump suggested that gun nuts assassinate Hillary Clinton.Here s the video via VidMe.Donald Trump is a con man who is trying to become the most powerful person on the face of the planet. He is so good at lying to his supporters that he has even told them to their faces that he is lying to them and they were too dumb to notice.Featured image via screenshot",0
5046, BOMBSHELL: Ivanka Trump Just Went On Vacation With Putin’s ‘Serious Girlfriend’,"When there is talk of your father (and probable lover) and his campaign manager skipping hand-in-hand though a field of daisies with Russian dictator Vladimir Putin, it s probably not a good idea to hang out with someone who is rumored to be his girlfriend   but that s exactly what Ivanka Trump just did. People Magazine is reporting that  daddy s little girl  and Putin s likely lady friend, alleged Chinese spy Wendi Deng Murdoch (yes, she was also married to Fox News overlord Rupert Murdoch), were spotted over the weekend enjoying scenic Dubrovnik, Croatia, in Eastern Europe.Sight seeing with @wendimurdoch in DubrovnikA photo posted by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Aug 14, 2016 at 8:04am PDTFor years, rumors swirled that Murdoch s ex and Trump s pal Putin were dating   ever since the two elites divorced their wives in 2013 and 2014. The Kremlin has not confirmed nor denied the relationship, and Deng flat-out denied the accusations last month, years after they became public, but anonymous sources within the Kremlin confirmed the  serious  relationship. Via US Weekly:Reports of the pair have been floating around for years, ever since their respective divorces in 2014 and 2013.One insider close to the powerful leader tells Us Weekly the relationship is  serious. But given Trump s decision to practically hump Putin s leg and his (and his current campaign chair s) confirmed financial ties to Putin and his allies, it would be a wise decision for Ivanka Trump to avoid even the appearance of impropriety because of her heavy involvement in daddy s campaign. Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets,  Trump s son, Donald Jr., told a real estate conference in 2008, the Washington Post reports.  We see a lot of money pouring in from Russia. Trump s reliance on Russian money to turn anything resembling a profit may explain why he repeatedly praises the Russian leader, even denying that he invaded the Ukraine despite reality proving him wrong in a 10-second Google search. The Post explains Trump s relationship with Putin:The dynamic illustrates the extent to which Trump s worldview has been formed through the lens of commerce rather than the think tanks, government deliberations and international diplomatic conferences that typically shape the foreign policy positions of presidential candidates.It also reflects Trump s willingness to see world leaders through his own personal connections. In a Republican Party in which an ability to stand up to Putin has been seen as a test of toughness, Trump s relationship with the Russian leader is instead one of mutual flattery. Putin said in December that Trump was a  colorful and talented  person, a compliment that Trump said at the time was an  honor. The back-and-forth has continued. In a mid-June rally, Trump cited those comments as the reason he will not reject the Russian leader.  A guy calls me a genius, and I m going to renounce?  Trump said.  I m not going to renounce him.  The next day in St. Petersburg, Putin again called Trump a  colorful person  and said he welcomed Trump s proposal for a  full-scale resumption  of U.S.-Russia ties.On the campaign trail, Trump has called for a new partnership with Moscow, overhauling NATO, the allied military force seen as the chief protector of pro-Western nations near Russia. And Trump has surrounded himself with a team of advisers who have had financial ties to Russia.If the numerous reports regarding a down-low Putin/Murdoch relationship are true, and it seems they are, this could create gigantic problems for Trump as he continues his routine of supporting Russia in all things. After all, a discreet vacation in Croatia would be a great time to discuss bigger plans  like Trump s call on Russia to hack Hillary Clinton for him.If Deng s weak response years after the relationship was rumored to have begun and only after it began to get more press is true, if she has  never met  Putin as she says   well, to use Trump s words,  some people say Featured image via People Magazine/The Guardian",0
5047, Trump’s Old Campaign Chair Knifed The Man Who Deposed Him In The Back – And Twisted,"One would think Corey Lewandowski, Trump s former campaign manager, would eventually get tired of swiping at Paul Manafort, the man who replaced him. He s already stabbed Manafort in the back. However, when The New York Times published a report on Manafort s secret ledger in the Ukraine, it seems Lewandowski couldn t resist twisting that knife just a bit.Lewandowski was fired over conflicts with Manafort regarding campaign strategy, and they really didn t part on the best of terms. Earlier this year, Politico reported that these two were at each other s throats to the point where Trump created a new position for Manafort. This was after Manafort tried to bring Lewandowski down.This isn t the first time that he s gunned for Manafort. The last time involved suggesting on CNN that Manafort should be the one who gets fired, or takes the high road and resigns, over the disaster that was Melania Trump s plagiarized speech at the RNC.So the spirit of this tweet is very likely Lewandowski crowing over what may well be Manafort s downfall:Secret Ledger in Ukraine Lists Cash for Donald Trump s Campaign Chief https://t.co/7bh7iIHHaY  Corey Lewandowski (@CLewandowski_) August 15, 2016Why downfall? The implications for Manafort are bad, since there s at least $12 million that s slated for him, courtesy of then-President Viktor Yanukovych and his pro-Russian political party. This information also shows how the businesses with which Manafort worked raided Ukraine s assets and influenced what should have been free elections, among other indications of massive corruption.So Manafort s horrifically corrupt, which is probably why Trump wanted him so badly. This info isn t quite new, but these are details that weren t previously known. In other words, it s looking increasingly like Manafort did, indeed, have some kind of hand in helping Russia invade Ukraine, even if it was indirect. Adam Weinstein also tweeted the article, but says his own work shows that this is just the beginning of Manafort s doom: Speaking as someone who has a story coming this week: This is just the beginning for Manafort. It gets worse. https://t.co/5KTUsIHbX1  Adam Weinstein (@AdamWeinstein) August 15, 2016So Lewandowski must be positively gleeful over this. Not that it matters   it s not likely Trump would ever bring him back on board. Lewandowski, however, likes to go after his enemies relentlessly, if indirectly. This is one feud that isn t going to end anytime soon.Featured image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5048, Evan McMullin: ‘Never In His Life’ Has Trump Had To Watch His Mouth (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s mouth gets him into trouble a lot. There have been endless examples of his inability to curb what he says, which in and of itself means that he is disqualified from the presidency. There are many right-wingers who are so terrified of Trump that they are backing Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, and while others won t vote for Clinton, they won t vote for Trump, either.Well, now, conservatives have another option: Former CIA operative Evan McMullin. While he has never held public office, McMullin is certainly a sight better than Trump. His candidacy, at this late stage of the 2016 race, is most likely just a way to stop Trump; after all, he entered the race far too late to gain any real traction, and Independent bids for the presidency in America always fail spectacularly. However, thanks to the outrageous nature of Trump s candidacy, McMullin is definitely shaking things up.Appearing on ABC s This Week, McMullin had quite a few choice words for Trump. He said: He s not a credible candidate. It s clear, the numbers, the fact that Donald Trump can t control what he says. He s never had to control what he said. Never in life has he had to do that. It s unrealistic to expect him to do that now. McMullin went on to make the case for voters to consider him instead of one of the two major party candidates: We need someone who will bring this country together. I firmly believe that the time has come in this country for a new generation of leadership, and that certainly is not Donald Trump nor [Democratic nominee] Hillary Clinton. Clearly I disagree with the guy regarding Hillary Clinton. She is easily the most qualified person to ever run for the office of the presidency. But McMullin is definitely right about Trump. There s no way in hell that guy should be anywhere near the nukes. All McMullin s candidacy would do is help further shift things in Clinton s direction, and that is A-OK with me.Watch McMullin s remarks below:.@Evan_McMullin: Trump's ""never had to control what he says It's unrealistic to expect him to do that now."" https://t.co/HFwtipADk6  This Week (@ThisWeekABC) August 14, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5049, WATCH Trump Fans B*tch And Moan About How Hard Life Is For Trump Fans,"Life is hard. We get it. Every one of us has had a tough time for one reason or another. However, Trump fans seem to want us to believe that the world is especially cruel to them just because they re Trump fans. While they make a point about how stereotyping is bad, they made the choice to support a racist, sexist, narcissistic prick, even if they don t see themselves that way.That s literally what they re saying in this video, posted to the New York Post s website. One woman says: I think that we are portrayed as the same things as Donald Trump: Racist   we don t like people coming into this country who aren t the same race as us. That s not the case at all. And a man says: You always have to be fearful, like the Stasi is going to come and grab you because you re a Trump supporter. Oh, well, gee, pardon us. And really? The Stasi? Come on. It s kind of hard not to see Trumpkins this way when many of his biggest policy positions are blatantly racist, and will harm pretty much everyone who isn t straight, white, and cisgender.While one man said,  Please, sit down, let s have a rational conversation,  the problem there is not Trump s supporters, per se. It s Trump himself and his supporters by proxy. Trump is not rational, so having a rational conversation about him is useless. Yes, it s true that one can support a candidate without having to agree with every single position that candidate has. However, when something is a huge part of what they stand for, it s almost impossible to separate the supporters from their candidate.Watch the video below:When you look at the people who attend Trump s rallies, it likewise gets more difficult not to lump them all in together as racist, hateful bigots. So, to these particular supporters who don t want to be seen this way, how about you people start really pressing your candidate, and the Republican Party, a lot harder to get him to tone it down?Until you do, our hearts bleed pink carbonated peanut butter for a plight of your own choosing.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
5050, Donald Trump Loses His Sh*t In Massive Hissy Fit About The Media Doing Their Job (TWEETS),"Donald Trump is whining about the media doing their job, so can someone please get out the world s smallest violin and play it just for him?Rather than blame his campaign woes on himself and the pathetic staff he has assembled, the Republican nominee has chosen to target the media as the sole reason why his run for president is imploding.Trump has created a hostile atmosphere for members of the media during his rallies, especially during a December rally when the Secret Service literally had to step in to protect NBC reporter Katy Tur after Trump targeted her specifically. The crowd booed and hissed at the media on Saturday as well as Trump complained that the media is somehow treating him unfairly because they report on what he says.As usual, Trump to his temper tantrums in real world to Twitter, where he fired off several tweets on Sunday morning and afternoon all about how the  dishonest  media is in the bag for Hillary Clinton.The failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2016 The failing @nytimes, which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2016If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn t put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2016 My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2016Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2016 I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2016It is not  freedom of the press  when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2016It s really funny about that last one, especially when you consider that Trump is far from being the next Honest Abe. In fact, Polifact has a long file on Donald Trump and so far they have ruled him to be the  pants on fire  candidate because of how many lies he has spewed on the campaign trail.And on Saturday night during his rally in Connecticut, Trump literally told his supporters that he lies to them and they were all too stupid to notice.Donald Trump refuses to accept any responsibility for his own failure, which is definitely NOT presidential. This is the same man whom Newt Gingrich outrageously compared to Harry Truman, the president who famously declared that the  buck stops here,  which means the ultimate burden of responsibility is on the guy in charge. Trump is no Truman. And he should never be allowed to be president.Featured image via John Sommers II/Getty Images",0
5051, Conservative Activist Tells Milwaukee ‘Patriots’ To Shoot Black ‘Women And Children’ (VIDEO)," Greetings patriots,  right-wing activist and all-around bigoted Cracker-American Jim Stachowiak greets his mixed crowd of vapid idiots and people laughing at him in his August 14 video blog entry. As usual, this right-wing  Patriot  is proudly standing before his camera with his trusty penis enhancement (known by the ammosexual community as a  gun ). But instead of his usual anti-Islam rant and matching  Fuck Islam  t-shirt, viewers are treated to an image of the not-racist standing before them in a t-shirt reading  [Middle finger] Black Lives Matter. Yup, you know what s coming next: a disgusting racist rant he will swear endlessly is not racist.  I want to address the recent unrest of Black Lives Matter and what happened last night in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. What happened in Milwaukee was horrible. Spurred by police shooting a fleeing black man who happened to be armed with a stolen handgun. The community, which police describe as a  powder keg  for potential violence during the summer, erupted as yet another black man was gunned down by cops this year. While the majority of protests were peaceful, some people chose to destroy rather than fight for healing. But plagued by police violence, some of the community members could no longer contain their anger. After all, simple possession of a handgun police did not know was stolen until after they murdered the suspect is not deserving of a death sentence. Based on everything I ve seen,  Stachowiak says,  the officer act properly  because the suspect was running away, clearly not a threat even if he had a gun in his possession.  If he didn t want to get shot,  he says,  he should have stopped. The actions of the Black Lives Matter in the black community in Wisconsin had proven once again that Black Lives Matter is not just a hate group, but a domestic terrorist organization,  Stachowiak continues, calling the social justice group  a bunch of animals  before backtracking and limiting his  animal  claim to  looters  he says are affiliated with Black Lives Matter. He continued, accusing Hillary Clinton and  you, Barack Obama  of embracing  a terrorist organization    you know, kind of like how Trump has embraced the Ku Klux Klan, but without the actual terrorist organization.Stachowiak says that the homes of Black Lives Matter leaders should be burned to the ground   as should any  looters,  real or imaginary (let s face it: he just wants to kill him some  n*ggers,  as he has oh-so-politely said in the past). He also had something to say about black people who take advantage of the chaos to steal from stores   especially the women and children: I don t care if they re women an children, anyone coming out of a store [he raises his gun and points it menacingly at the camera] should be shot on site. They should be shot exiting the store. If they make it down the street shoot them in the back. What the f*ck kind of coward wants to shoot women and children in the back? What sort of degenerate would even suggest such a thing? This guy. This guy right here. I got a round with your name on it,  Stachowiak says, producing a bullet with  BLM  written in marker.  Try to burn my home. Try to burn my business and I guarantee you ll never make it out of the driveway because I ll drop you like it s hot. Neither arson, nor attempted arson, is a crime that would make one eligible for the death penalty in any state.Stachowiak continued his unhinged rant with an explanation that  Black Lives Matter are working with the Muslim Brotherhood.  According to the master detective, the Muslim Brotherhood is supplying weapons to  radical black Americans. After condemning the Mayor, the National guard, and police for failing to sharpie up their bullets and shoot black men, women, and children they suspected of looting  in the face  without a trial. His solution, of course, is to  light up the front of the store  whenever a looting is suspected and mow everyone who comes out down in the street. But Jim, there might be a 12-year old girl or a 8-year old boy,  he says sarcastically.  It s called collateral damage. Children are  collateral damage.  Yes, he really said that.Stachowiak says that Michael Brown  got the justice he deserved  after Officer Darren Wilson accused him of jaywalking, and warned the Justice Department that things are going to get  much worse  if they don t start shooting black people who might or might not be protesting or rioting on sight. If this lack of face-shooting persists, he says he will gather his  Veteran friends to do some hunting. Turning to show the back of his t-shirt, which reads  Black Lives Matter are domestic terrorists,  he said: Black Lives Matter is a domestic terrorist organization. And the way my friends that are Iraq and Afghan veterans, some of which are schnipers [sic], the way they dealt with terrorists on the battlefield is the way we need to deal with Black Lives Matter in the streets of America.Watch the video below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtSGY3b9mqwFeatured image via screen capture",0
5052," Fox News Host Makes Mike Pence SQUIRM, Says He Is Just Trump’s ‘Clean Up Crew’","Donald Trump s running mate, Mike Pence, appeared on Fox News for an interview Sunday morning. Let s just say it did not go well for him. Host Chris Wallace hammered him about Trump s assertion that President Obama and Hillary Clinton  founded ISIS,  backing him into a corner and making him squirm. Ultimately, Wallace came to the conclusion that Pence is nothing more than Trump s  clean up crew. You and he spent a day defending his remarks, saying that they were serious,  Wallace began, playing the video.  Now, Trump says that he was being sarcastic. So, Governor, which is it? Well, I think he was being very serious, and he was making a point that needs to be made, that there is no question that the failed policies of President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, in the wider Middle East, created a vacuum within Iraq in which ISIS was able to arise,  Pence replied. So then why is he saying he was sarcastic?,  Wallace asked insistently. Well, he was making a very serious point, and look ,  Pence responded,Wallace was not about to let Pence off the hook and asked again,  Forgive me, why did he say he was being sarcastic? Well, he was making a very serious point. Donald Trump has a way of talking to get people s attention, and it s drawn attention to a very important issue,  Pence replied. There was a time when any Democrat president knew where the buck stopped in the White House,  Pence continued.  And the responsibility for the failed policies in the Middle East that created the environment where ISIS developed belongs to President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, and the American people know that. Governor, those are all perfectly legitimate points to make, but that isn t what Trump said. He said that Obama and Clinton were the most valuable players of ISIS, that they were the co-founders of ISIS,  Wallace said.  Then he said, well, I was just being sarcastic about that, just as he said he was just being sarcastic about inviting Russia to come in and release e-mails of Hillary Clinton s. Isn t the sarcastic excuse getting a bit old?,  Wallace asked directly. Well, no, I don t think it s getting old at all, Chris,  Pence stammered.  Donald Trump made his way through a very competitive primary because he spoke not like your typical politician, but just plainly like an everyday American. And speaking plainly is exactly what the American people will anticipate in the course of this election, but more importantly, they re going to have a president who tells them exactly what s on his mind, and the American people are going to hear and hear him loudly. Finally, after pinning Pence down and listening to the steady stream of bullshit the VP was feeding him, Wallace said screw it and asked the former Indiana governor the only question left: Are you the cleanup crew? Watch FOX News host Chris Wallace grill Mike Pence on Donald Trump s claim that President Obama and Hillary Clinton founded ISIS, here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAokvqEx1-w]Featured image via video screen capture",0
5053," Even This Fox News Host Felt The Need To Shut Katrina Pierson DOWN, And It’s Spectacular (VIDEO)","Usually, Donald Trump spokesperson Katrina Pierson can find sanctuary with the ever-conservative leaning Fox News, but that didn t seem to be the case for her on Sunday while being interviewed by Arthel Neville.Shortly after claiming that it was President Obama who went into Afghanistan with her own make-believe version of facts and history, Pierson went on Fox News to talk about Trump s lack of tax returns. Something that s been asked of every presidential candidate for decades.Neville said: As you know, Katrina, presidential candidates have consistently released their tax returns since the 70s. And you also know there is no existing law barring people from releasing their tax returns during an audit. So the question is that everyone wants to know, why won t Mr. Trump release his tax returns? And can you answer the implications that he s hiding something?  All very good questions. Yet, cue the denial and excuses from Pierson, who replied: This really has become much of a novelty in presidential campaigns. A novelty?! Even a Fox News host couldn t let Pierson get away with such a ludicrous statement as that. All candidates have been releasing their returns, no matter the party. Trump not releasing his returns is clearly indicative that he has something in which he is trying to prevent the public from seeing.Pierson keeps going back and forth with Neville even trying to say that the media is bullying poor tiny-handed Trump into releasing his returns. However, the Fox host wasn t having it, and told her: Katrina, we re going to keep going on this because people want to know. It s not about a gotcha with Mr. Trump. Again, he is a successful businessman that he been touting to us this entire campaign. That is why they want to see. Why are you saying that it s some sort of corruption or some sort of campaign that people are   including the media   are out to get him? That is not the case. He s running for the president of the United States of America. Show your tax returns. It s that simple. And BOOM went the dynamite. Well done, Neville. Well done.Pierson then flounders for a few more minutes, but there s no trying to convince people at this point that Trump should get a free pass on not releasing his returns just like everyone else to show true transparency.Watch the segment here:Featured image via video screen capture   HT Raw Story",0
5054, Trump Has F*cked Up So Much Lately His Own Advisers Fear He Is ‘Trying To Lose’ (VIDEO),"Sources from inside Donald Trump s campaign told ABC News on Sunday that because the Republican nominee has f*cked up so much in the past couple of weeks, his own advisers are starting to fear that he is deliberately  trying to lose. Correspondent Jonathan Karl said during a panel discussion on ABC s This Week that supporters are afraid that Trump is purposely undermining his own campaign following weeks of one ghastly mistake after another: Let s be honest, he does face a hostile news media. And that s not surprising. We have a candidate who bans news organizations from his events, a candidate who calls the press despicable and disgusting, a candidate who in every single stump speech I ve ever seen has lashed out at the press. But, according to Karl, it isn t just supporters who are now convinced Trump is sabotaging his own campaign. Even advisers inside of his campaign are now becoming concerned that he is intentionally shooting himself in the foot. But Donald Trump s problems are not because of media coverage. I ve talked to people in the past week   people who are very much on the Trump train   advisers outside the campaign, even some advisers inside the campaign who think that it as almost as if Donald Trump is trying to lose.There is absolute frustration in his inability to get on message and win a race that many of them believe is eminently winnable. Trump has indeed had a bad couple of weeks. From attacking Gold Star families to encouraging Russian espionage to casually suggesting the assassination of his rival, Hillary Clinton, the billionaire bully has certainly managed to f*ck up good and proper.Watch the segment here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhknX6zg_u4]Featured image via video screen capture",0
5055, WATCH: Brian Stelter Slams Sean Hannity For His Disturbing Lies About Hillary Clinton (VIDEO),"Brian Stelter just called out Sean Hannity during a segment of CNN s Reliable Sources on Sunday morning for some of the ridiculous claims he has made this past week about Hillary Clinton s health.In case you didn t know, there has been a strange right-wing conspiracy going around that Hillary Clinton has some severe health problems. Hannity has been the leading propagator of the claim. Hannity had the cojones to claim that evidence for his allegations was provided by an Associated Press reporter named Lisa Lerer.Lerer called Hannity out on his fictitious claims, definitively proving that Clinton is not, in fact, suffering from seizures and that Hannity had made the whole story up. Here is a snippet from Lerer s must read conspiracy debunking article: The conservative Fox News host Sean Hannity opened a 6-minute Thursday night segment titled  Hillary s Health  by saying,  as speculation swirls about Hillary Clinton s health,  citing a headline from the right-wing news site Drudge Report.Hannity repeatedly played the muffin shop footage, describing what Clinton was doing as  this sort of twitching thing that she does in front of reporters that was really bad  and then as  a violent, violent, repetitive jerking of the head. Seemingly as  proof  that something was amiss with Clinton, Hannity exclaimed:  Watch the reporter, like, pull back as she   the reporter got scared. And she keeps doing it. What is that? Fox News never contacted me to ask that question. For the record, I wasn t scared for a moment. During the segment on Reliable Sources, Stelter calls Hannity s reporting  reckless,  and says that  Last time I checked. Fox still has the word  news  in its name. Even for Fox News, Hannity s  reporting  is pathetic. This is the type of conspiracy you might expect to read on a right-wing  news  site like World Net Daily. I suppose this just means that the right-wing media is more desperate than ever to try and smear Clinton.You can watch the segment below, in full.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8hImyTr0-4MFeatured image from video screenshot",0
5056," Another Former WH Official Breaks Ranks, Backs Clinton: She’ll Be A ‘Darn Good President’ (VIDEO)","Yet another Republican official has come out to say that despite political differences, Hillary Clinton is a hell of a lot better choice than Donald Trump could ever be as President of the United States. Carlos Gutierrez was the U.S. Commerce Secretary under President George W. Bush. He is also endorsing Hillary Clinton for the 2016 presidential race. Gutierrez says of Clinton during an interview on CNN s State of the Union: I think   Hillary Clinton is the best for the country. I m not thinking about it as a Republican. I m thinking about it as a U.S. citizen. And that is what Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell, John McCain, and all the other Republicans need to do. They need to stop thinking like career politicians and start thinking about what is good for the country. Donald Trump is not good for the country; in fact, he is downright dangerous for both the nation and the world, and there s no way they don t know this. Despite said knowledge, though, they insist that Trump is better than Hillary Clinton. After praising Clinton, Gutierrez continued on to Trump s deficiencies: I think at some point you have to put the party aside and think about what s best for the country. I don t want to live in a society that Donald Trump will create. After slamming Trump, Gutierrez went on to say of Clinton: I think she d make a darn good president. The conversation then turned to David Duke and the Ku Klux Klan, who Trump failed to disavow immediately: He s under Trump s platform. Is that a trend? Are we going to see more of that? Is that the kind of society we re going to become? Are we going back 50 years? I don t want to go back 50 years. Well, Mr. Gutierrz, Trump is a bona fide racist, and there is lots of evidence to demonstrate that fact. Further, his running mate is a misoygnist and a homophobe. So, yes, that s the society we d be living in if they were to win. We just all must make sure that they don t.Watch the video below:On #CNNSOTU w/@jaketapper Fmr. Bush Official Carlos Gutierrez endorses @HillaryClinton https://t.co/vRi2oz0epU  State of the Union (@CNNSotu) August 14, 2016Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5057, WATCH: Paul Manafort Gets DESTROYED On CNN For Defending Trump’s Lies (VIDEO),"Paul Manafort, the chair of Donald Trump s campaign, got slammed by Jake Tapper during a segment on CNN s State of the Union Sunday morning. Manafort attempted to excuse Trump s comment earlier this week regarding Hillary Clinton. During a campaign event in Wilmington, North Carolina, Trump suggested that should Clinton be elected, it might be up to  Second Amendment people  to take matters into their own hands and stop her before she gets rid of the Second Amendment. If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do folks. Although the Second Amendment people maybe there is, I don t know,  Trump said on Tuesday.Since then, Trump and his campaign have received a significant blowback from the comments. Trump and Manafort have blamed the matter on the media, insisting they are twisting Trump s words. Those claims are repeated during the segment. Host Jake Tapper said to Manafort: Here s the thing, it wasn t just reporters. It was Republicans, it was people in Washington, D.C. who want Mr. Trump to win. At that point, Tapper proves his point by finding one of the Trump supporters who was in attendance at the event. The Trump fan says that he was  aghast  by Trump s remark. The point is most people did not interpret it that way. It was not at all meant to be a threat. But the point again is you could have covered what he was saying or you could try and take an aside and take the Clinton narrative and play it out. You chose to do that instead. Then Manafort lists some recent news stories that reflect poorly on Clinton, claiming that Tapper only covers negative news stories about Trump and positive stories about Clinton. As a factual matter, on Monday, my show covered Mr. Trump s speech. Okay? We did. We covered Mr. Trump s speech. And we did cover those Hillary Clinton emails,  tapper retorts.  So, these things, just because you say them, they re not true. I mean, we have been covering the substance. We have been covering things that are bad [for] Hillary Clinton. You can watch Manafort get creamed by Tapper below.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5058, Trump’s Election Fraud Claims Just Got Weirder And More Dangerous,"Donald Trump is doubling down on his bizarre claim that the only way that he can lose in Pennsylvania this October is because of electoral fraud. Trump began this narrative last week in Ohio where he said that he is  afraid the election is going to be rigged. We re going to watch Pennsylvania. Go down to certain areas and watch and study and make sure other people don t come in and vote five times,  Trump said at a rally in Altoona, Pennsylvania Friday.  If you do that, we re not going to lose. The only way we can lose, in my opinion   I really mean this, Pennsylvania   is if cheating goes on. That claim was made despite the fact that Hillary Clinton has maintained a very comfortable lead over Trump in the polls.Since then, Trump has doubled down on his claims that the election will be stolen from him in Pennsylvania. Trump s campaign has gone so far as to try and recruit supporters to act as election observers. Normally, recruiting election overseers wouldn t be too out of the ordinary for a campaign to do. However, traditionally campaigns hire or recruit people with a legal background to do the work. Trump s campaign is calling for anyone and everyone to answer his call to action. We have to call up law enforcement, and we have to have the sheriffs and the police chiefs and everybody watching,  Trump said on Friday.Calling in an army of your supporters, who will likely have no legal background, to hang out at the polls with a battalion of armed police officers sounds far more like voter intimidation than a move towards ensuring protecting voter s rights. Given the scenes of carnage that have come out of Trump s rallies, this move is almost sure to set up Pennsylvania s polling locations as the backdrops to a few riots. I am going to go ahead and predict that should events unfold that way; it ll be areas with minority populations that are targeted.Trump cannot give any evidence as to why there will be election fraud in Pennsylvania. How could there be? The election hasn t even occurred yet. He is spouting unfounded nonsense because he is desperate. Like a wounded animal trapped in a corner, Trump is flailing. As nice as it is to see Trump squirm, unfortunately, it is the people of Pennsylvania and the rest of the United States who will be scratched by the tiny nails on his tiny hands.Featured image from Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
5059, Trump Blames Media Conspiracy For Low Numbers In His Latest Unhinged Twitter Rant (TWEETS),"Floundering Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump went off on an unhinged Twitter rant Sunday morning, where he blamed the media for his plummeting polling numbers.Trump began his rant by targeting the New York Times. The paper published an article entitled Inside the Failing Mission to Tame Trump s Tongue on Saturday. Trump is apparently furious with The Gray Lady for publishing the piece.  The failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction,  writes Trump.  Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest! The failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 13, 2016The article that has Trump throwing a temper tantrum that primarily focuses on failed attempts to pivot Trump more towards the middle. Allegedly, there has been a concentrated effort in the Trump campaign to tone down his rhetoric, and those efforts have failed. A strategy like this is fairly typical in a switch from running in a primary campaign to running in a general election. If you re a Republican, you need to position yourself to the right of your opponent(s) to rally the GOP s conservative base. Then, in the general, you move towards the middle to appeal to swing voters.However, it s Trump, so he took umbrage with the New York Times article s reporting on the matter, saying,  The failing @nytimes, which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said. The failing @nytimes, which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2016Trump is who he says he is. That s why it shouldn t be too surprising that he had to resort to creating a conspiracy theory to blame for his lousy polling numbers,  If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn t put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%. If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2016Like most Trump Twitter outbursts, it can be hard to examine such obviously flawed logic seriously. Sure, there a lot of problems with mainstream media coverage. However, those problems have only worked to help Trump. The press loves a gaffe, and Trump fires them off like a right-winger who just got his hands on their first AR-15. It s lead to him receiving an incredible number of free media play. It s what made his campaign what it is today. However, this is a general election and that strategy just does not cut it.Now is the time for Trump to act like a real politician. Since Trump doesn t have any experience governing or running for office, he s failing. Trump cannot recover, so all he has left is vague conspiracies to blame. Never mind the fact that Trump has blackballed major and small media outlets for his entire campaign. Never mind the fact that he started a feud with gold star family. Never mind the fact that he forgot that Russia had annexed Crimea only two years ago.Trump just cannot accept that he is a failed politician, the same way he cannot accept that he is a failed businessman.Featured image from Photo by Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
5060, WATCH: Conservative ‘Christian’ Leader Says Women Should Be Banned From Being Leaders,"A prominent conservative  Christian  is calling for women to be prohibited from having any leadership roles in our society whatsoever.American Family Association radio host Bryan Fischer bellowed about the probability that a woman will be the leader of the United States during his show on Friday.As usual, Fischer claimed that God specifically reserves leadership roles for men only, even in the home and used the Bible as proof. That s always the pattern in the word of God. The kings were all males, when you had a departure from that with Jezebel and Athaliah, it was not a good thing, it did not work out well. Leadership in the church is reserved for men, leadership in the home is reserved for men. In other words, in God s economy, he has designed leadership and authority in society and in the church and in the home to be exercised by men.I think you could make a good case that leadership in culture, society, politically as well as in the home, that that is something in God s economy that s reserved for men. What if somebody had the courage to go on national TV, somebody of some kind of prominence or visibility, and said,  Look, I m going to vote for Trump because he s a man. I don t believe that women should be entrusted with high political office    That s the position I happen to take. Here s the video via Right Wing Watch:Of course, Fischer merely cherry-picked two examples of female leadership in the Bible while blatantly ignoring all the other examples of female leadership.What follows is a list of female leaders in the Bible as put together by religioustolerance.org:Exodus 15:24: Miriam, the daughter of Aaron was a prophet and one of the triad of leaders of Israel during the Exodus from Egypt.Judges 4 & 5: Deborah, a prophet-judge, headed the army of ancient Israel.2 Kings 22:14; 2 Chronicles 34:22 Huldah, a prophet, verified the authenticity of the  Book of the Law of the Lord given through Moses    the Book of Deuteronomy. She triggered a religious renewal.Acts 21:8: Philip the evangelist had four unmarried daughters who were prophets.Romans 16:1: Paul refers to Phoebe as a minister or deacon of the church at Cenchrea.The Gospel of Philip, was widely used among early Christian congregations. It portrayed Mary Magdalene as the companion of Jesus, in a position of very high authority within the early Christian movement.The Gospel of Mary described Mary Magdalene as a leader of Jesus  disciples. She delivering a passionate sermon to the disciples after his resurrection. This raised their spirits and inspired them to start evangelizing the known world.In short, Fischer apparently has never actually read the Bible. It s either that or he only reads the parts he agrees with.And he is not the only conservative  Christian  who wants to place women under the boot heel of men.The Christian right-wing s favorite fake historian David Barton called for stripping women of the right to vote two years ago. And a more recent example would be conservative  Christian  pastor Steven Anderson who called for women to not only be banned from voting but also called for confining them solely to the home.Opinions like these are the reason why women need to band together and put a woman in the White House this November. Conservatives need to be put in their place for their extremist views and that place is definitely not in a position of leadership, but in the fringes where they can never hurt anyone again.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5061, Mike Pence Once Said The Most INSANELY LAUGHABLE Thing About Condoms On CNN,"While it s often useless to talk about things politicians said more than a decade ago, there are times when those things are relevant to current events. Such is the case with Trump s running mate, Mike Pence. He s a religious nut, as evidenced by the discriminatory  religious freedom law  he helped pass in Indiana, which specifically targeted the LGBT community. But, as bad as that is, it s not the most insane thing he s ever said or done.During a 2002 interview with Wolf Blitzer, Pence discussed his opinion of then-Secretary of State Colin Powell s call for better education and protection against STDs, particularly in the form of condoms. For Pence, who once advocated for prayer to stop an HIV outbreak, rather than a clean needle exchange, saying that condoms can help protect against STDs was just too much.He spouted this absurdity in response: Well, I just simply believe the only truly safe sex, Wolf, as the president believes, is no sex. And we ought to, with leaders of the stature of the secretary of state, we ought to be sending a message to kids across the country and the opportunity had across the world that abstinence is the best choice for young people. But let s be clear, last year, the National Institute of Health, Wolf, and some 28 separate experts said at least a half dozen to ten sexually transmitted diseases for which condom use has zero preventative value. The secretary of state is simply wrong.The problem is it was too modern of an answer, Wolf. It was   it truly was a modern, liberal answer to a problem that parents like me are facing all over America, and frankly, all over the world. Yes, condoms are too modern and too liberal for an abstinence-only nutbag like then-Congressman, now-VP candidate Mike Effing Pence. Everything everyone s parents ever said about condoms, everything every sex-ed program has ever said, even everything the CDC has said, is wrong. Pence knows things.This is the man who wanted to redefine rape so that federal funds would only pay for abortions in the instance of  forcible rape.  That s the same thing as the infamous Todd Akin s  legitimate rape  comment. Pence is known as a pioneer in the fight against Planned Parenthood, and has signed multiple bills limiting abortion access in his state of Indiana.Pence is also the man that said working mothers stunt their children s emotional growth, and who diverted $3.5 million from the state s TANF fund to pay an anti-abortion group known for lying to, well, lie to Indiana s women about abortion.So, while it seems silly to bring up something he said as a congressman 14 years ago, it s also frighteningly relevant to who and what he d be as vice president, because he s still that man. It wouldn t be surprising to hear him say that he and Trump will seek to ban sex-education (if not condoms themselves) in favor of telling girls just to keep an aspirin between their knees is they don t want to get pregnant, or an STD.Featured image by Sara D. Davis/Getty Images",0
5062, Nancy Pelosi Advises Changing Numbers After Dems Are Doxxed In DNC Hack,"In a continuation of the DNC hack, Democratic House members and congressional staff were doxxed on Friday, with their private phone numbers being posted online. House minority leader Nancy Pelosi is reporting that she has been receiving obscene phone calls. She is advising her colleagues to have their numbers changed as soon as possible and to use caution when it comes to letting family or friends answer incoming calls or text messages.The Russian-linked hacker, Guccifer 2.0, released the personal phone numbers, email addresses, and passwords, as well as DCCC shared passwords to several news networks in addition to multiple online databases. The information dump came following what Pelosi termed  an electronic Watergate break-in. Pelosi said that she heard about the private information being published while on a flight from Florida to California.Upon landing, I have received scores of mostly obscene and sick calls, voicemails and text messages,  Pelosi said in a letter addressing her colleagues.  Please be careful not to allow your children or family members to answer your phone or read incoming text messages. This morning, I am changing my phone number and I advise you to do so as well.According to Pelosi, the chief information security officer of the House is working with Capitol police to contact everyone whose information has been made public and to provide them with steps they can take to address the situation. An email sent out by the chief administrative officer states that the House computer system was not compromised. However, members and staff were strongly urged to use caution when opening emails and websites.Representative Ben Ray Luj n has scheduled a conference call with lawmakers for Saturday night to speak with cybersecurity experts about the investigation into the breach. This is a sad course of events, not only for us, but more importantly for our country,  Pelosi said as she encouraged her colleagues to take part in the conference call with Luj n.Featured image via Allison Shelley/Getty Images",0
5063," Two Muslim Men Shot To Death In Queens, Locals Blame Trump (VIDEO)","Two Muslim men were shot to death in broad daylight while walking in the New York City borough of Queens on Saturday. Both men were dressed in traditional Muslim clothing. One of the men, Ala Uddin Akongi, was a local Imam. He was killed instantly. Akongi s aide was shot and severely wounded. He was taken to the hospital where he died from his injuries. The gunman is still at large. Police are not currently treating the double-homicide as a hate crime, as the gunman s motive for the crime is not yet known.The New York Daily News reports that: Imam Alala Uddin Akongi, the married father of three, was a revered religious leader since his arrival in Queens from Bangladesh less than two years ago. His assistant, 65-year-old Thara Uddin, died about four hours after the attack.The shooter left his victims lying in their own blood just one block from the Al-Furqan Jame Masjid Mosque in Ozone Park, where the two prayed together only minutes earlier.The imam s nephew said Akongi had no problems with anyone in the neighborhood. Khairul Islam. A local resident, was quoted as saying that: That s not what America is about. We blame Donald Trump for this   Trump and his drama has created Islamophobia. Another local, Rahi Majid, said that: I m not sure what kind of an animal would kill that man. He would not hurt a fly. You would watch him come down the street and watch the peace he brings. Violent attacks against Muslims have been sharply increasing in the United States and the world since the 9/11 terrorist attacks, and 2015 turned out to have a far higher number of attacks than usual.You can watch a video report on the story, below:You can watch the NYPD s statement on the shooting here:NYPD on slain imam in Queens. pic.twitter.com/gGOaWCeP6y  Matthew Chayes (@chayesmatthew) August 13, 2016Featured image from video screenshot via Youtube",0
5064, WATCH: Trump Supporters Believe These BIZARRE Campaign Ads Are Real (VIDEO),"During a segment of Triumph s Summer Election Special, Donald Trump supporters got trolled hard. A group of Trump supporters volunteered to be a part of a focus group. As far as the Trump supporters know, they have been selected to watch and review potential Trump campaign video advertisements.What they don t know is that the campaign ads they are watching are entirely fictional. The point of the prank is to test the supporter s loyalty to their chosen candidate.  We decided to assemble a group of them for an unfiltered view at how they connect with Trump s vision for America,  as Triumph the Insult Comedy Dog puts it.The phony ads they watch are rather extreme bizarre even. During the ad, a Trump impersonator says that they will build a giant electrified fence as a temporary way to keep  any illegals  out while they construct the real wall that Trump has promised to build if he is elected president.The people in the focus group also watch an ad where Trump calls out Hillary Clinton, demanding that she reveal to the world that she is a man pretending to be a woman.Another ad features Trump s solution to helping women feel more secure in bathrooms. Rather than banning transgender individuals from using the restroom, Trump will provide every woman who uses a public bathroom with a firearm.Spoiler alert: The Trump supporters totally fall for the gag, believing they are real. Now, it is important to keep in mind that research has shown that people tend to offer opinions about subjects that are ridiculous. However, given just how extreme the advertisements are, it s still rather pathetic   not to mention hilarious.You can watch the video in full, below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
5065, New App Allegedly Knows Better Than Everyone Who’s REALLY Leading The Race To The White House,"Want to take part in an opinion poll on the presidential election, but the pollsters never call you? There s an app for that. It s called Zip, and its developer claims its data is more accurate than that of any poll because it s not a poll, it s a conversation. It s also 100 percent anonymous so people feel more like telling the truth.Zip has Trump leading 64 percent to Hillary s 36 percent. Most of the traditional polls have Hillary leading Trump by anywhere from four to ten points right now. Why the difference?Ric Milliti, Zip s developer, says his app poses questions on a daily basis and then averages the answers of 100,000 users. He believes that the nature of his app means he gets a far purer result than the traditional polls: We re not a poll. We re a conversation, and 100% anonymous. People feel comfortable answering questions without fear of being bullied or being called a racist. People can express themselves safely, and you get a pure answer. Look at some of the questions, though: New polls suggest Trump is getting crushed by Clinton. Do they reflect how you are going to vote? That s the question that puts Trump ahead of Hillary by a full 28 points. California, who you voting for? For this one, Trump got 55%, compared to 45% for Hillary (the latest poll from Public Policy Polling has Hillary leading Trump by 16 percent in that state). What do you honestly think Trump meant by saying  The 2nd amendment people can do something about Hillary?' 63 percent said Trump simply meant  vote against her,  while 37 percent said he meant,  assassinate her. This is only slightly more sophisticated than taking a poll from your own social media account. Milliti knows very little about the people who are answering these questions, but thinks this is the wave of the future for accurate polling.According to an article on Windows Central, the results of all the polls that take place within the app  may not be the most scientific.  Well, duh. Milliti simply takes a cross-section of users by age, gender, and geographical location to get his results, which is nothing like enough to make a poll scientific. That s something Milliti would know if he knew anything about polling. He might be great at developing apps, but his skill ends there for right now.Despite that, Trump supporters will still glom onto this the way they re glomming onto a poll published by the Arizona Freedom Alliance that claims that its poll is far more accurate than the traditional polls. After all, Trump has squillions of Twitter followers and draws thousands to his rallies, so there s no way he s actually trailing Hillary, right?The funny thing about the poll that the AFA republished, though, is that the  pollsters  merely called 1,000 people in each state, and never published their questions or the methodology they used to try and ensure they had representative samples of residents in each state. They seem to think:  It s 50,000 people, how can it possibly be less accurate than polls that only question 600 to 1,000 people? Milliti insists that most media polls are wildly inaccurate, and his polls are not. His polls, however, could easily be getting flooded with Trump fans who are desperate to see Trump ahead somewhere. Whether Milliti himself is a Trump supporter or not, he clearly lives in the same bubble that everyone else who claims the scientific polls are dishonest and inaccurate live in.Photo of Donald Trump by Bill Pugliano/Getty Images. Photo of Hillary Clinton by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images. Photos merged by Rika Christensen",0
5066, Catholic Priest Suspended For Sending D*ck Pics To Parish’s Pool Guy (VIDEO),"Another day, another situation where a Catholic priest is caught being a pervert. Monsingor Lawrence McGovern is the head of the Presentation Parish in Stockton, California. He also clearly has a proclivity for gentlemen. McGovern allegedly sent photos of his penis to an unnamed man who takes care of the swimming pool at the parish. The man complained about McGovern s sexual harassment to the police, and the parish, in true Catholic fashion, fired him.Vince Vinaldi is a lawyer for the fired pool man, and he says of the situation: It s extremely disturbing that the person s who is head of this parish would be sending text with photographs of his exposed genitals. Someone s who s engaging in that type of conduct has very, very serious credibility issues and issues with judgement. Finaldi also says that the pool man approached McGovern about the explicit material that he was receiving, and also pointed out that Catholic priests are supposed to be completely celibate. The perverted priest simply responded, Oh, that just means that you re not married. Last I checked, celibacy in modern times refers to abstaining from sexual activity, not marriage.The Stockton Parish suspended McGovern once the allegations hit the news, and issued the usual generic statement regarding a supposed internal investigation: Today the Diocese of Stockton learned for the first time of employment related allegations against Monsignor Lawrence McGovern, the Pastor of Presentation Parish in Stockton. In accordance with the Canon Law of the Church, Bishop Stephen Blaire has placed Monsignor McGovern on administrative leave pending a full and complete investigation. Vince Finaldi, however, has a much more appropriate reaction than that of the local diocese: That person has no business being in a parish and head of a school where there are numerous young children walking around everyday. Unfortunately, Mr. Finaldi, if all of these pedophiles and other assorted perverts were to be dismissed as they should be, there would be very few priests left in the Catholic Church worldwide, and there s no way the Church would allow for that. Likely, McGovern will just be shuttled away to a different parish after the media storm dies down, free to sexually harass another day.Watch a news report on the developing situation, via local station Fox 40: Featured image via video screen capture",0
5067, Leaked Footage Of Johnny Depp Shows How Aggressive He Was To Amber Heard (VIDEO),"Shortly after Amber Heard revealed that she suffered abuse from a partner, who happened to be famed actor Johnny Depp, many people quickly decided to claim that she was lying. They didn t want to dare believe that such a beloved actor and character on film could be so abusive in real life.Many even said that seeing Heard out with friends and smiling days after she reported the abuse was proof of her lying. As if she s supposed to stay in hiding and never smile again. God forbid she go out with friends and be happy away from a destructive relationship.Well, it seems Heard most definitely wasn t lying as TMZ just released footage that she secretly took of Depp being intoxicated, slamming around, kicking doors, drinking heavily in the morning with very distressing and reactive behavior towards her. Then, when he notices she s recording, getting increasingly angry, grabbing the camera, and then that s when it goes dark.Of course, TMZ stated: Sources connected with Johnny tell TMZ   the video is  heavily edited  and there are portions where Amber is seen smiling and egging him on. The sources add the video was a complete set up by Amber. However, here s the thing, the video was shot in one shot, there doesn t seem to be anywhere it could be edited.It s important to remember to not make a villain of a victim as it is what seems to be happening with Heard because the alleged abuser is a beloved actor. We need to listen to her, especially before this happens to anyone else.Here s the video via TMZ.Video evidence just surfaced of Johnny Depp being extremely aggressive towards Amber Heard, smashes wine glass pic.twitter.com/JgkNDXLUY6  Pop Crave (@PopCrave) August 13, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5068, ‘No Chance He’s Going To Win’: Operative Who Elected Bush Tells All On Trump,"Republicans who have been behind successful presidential campaigns are now speaking up on the slowly unraveling disaster that is Donald Trump s effort, and it isn t good. These long-time Republicans are now facing the very real prospect that Trump s horribly run campaign will also drag down other members of the party on the ticket and cause long-term damage which could take forever for the right to recover from.Many of them want to abandon ship.Back in 1996, the party largely gave up on nominee Bob Dole once it became clear he had little chance of winning, so it s not without precedent. Nevertheless, it s a jolting prospect now, with roughly three months still left before the Nov. 8 vote and weeks before the three presidential debates.Republicans who have devoted their professional lives to electing GOP candidates say they believe the White House already may be lost. They re exasperated by Trump s divisive politics and his insistence on running a general election campaign that mirrors his approach to the primaries. Based on his campaign record, there s no chance he s going to win,  said Sara Fagen, the political director for former President George W. Bush.  He s losing groups of people he can t get back. Fagen is no moderate squish. She was a right-wing conservative member of the 2004 George W. Bush re-election campaign, and whatever the issues were with the morality of Bush s campaign that year   Iraq, terrorism, corruption, etc.   it is impossible to argue that it wasn t a well-run and well-organized campaign that beat out Senator John Kerry s effort that year.The Wall Street Journal described her role on that campaign as a  data whiz  and said she  helped perfect political micro-targeting. That is the technique used to target campaign prospects based on their interests and likelihood to be supporters of a candidate. The Bush 2004 campaign pioneered this, and it was used in a massive way by President Obama in his overwhelmingly successful 2008 and 2012 campaigns. It s how modern elections are won   or lost.Trump has not invested in campaign basics like that, and even in states where he should be on the ground with organizers that could give him a shot at winning, he isn t doing it. Instead, he is focused on feeding his base voters red meat, filled with bigotry, which turns off the voters he needs to win.And Republicans know it, and the veterans see the likelihood of a massive wipeout coming.Featured image via Flickr",0
5069, Court Documents Show How Trump Cooked The Books And Scammed Investors,"Court documents show deceptive behavior by Donald Trump s company that is part of a pattern for the Republican presidential nominee. The company behind a Trump construction project   a taxpayer-financed project to convert the Old Post Office Building in Washington D.C. into a luxury hotel   made up two sets of financial books, deceiving investors.Lenders were told the hotel could earn millions of dollars more than the more conservative, internal estimates, the financial analyst, Raymond Flores, testified. He said those internal projections  generally tend to err on the side of being pretty conservative. Later he said,  And then there are other projections where, you know, we re pitching to a lender or an equity source, where it s rosier.  With these projections, he said,  we re pushing the boundaries of   we re pushing ranges of reasonability at those   at those projections to show, you know, what the hotel could be. As Trump s finances have been probed during his election run, time and time again his companies have been shown misleading and deceiving, with Trump benefiting as others lose their shirts.His Trump University took in thousands, as many customers claimed they did not receive the real estate education they were promised. As a result, attorneys general opened investigations and the company closed its doors.Another Trump enterprise, building condominiums in Baja California, went belly-up as investors were told that Trump and his children were buying in   they weren t.Trump s casino in Atlantic City also failed, while other casinos were doing well and thriving. Trump, again, made a bag of money and left investors holding on to the business  debts and obligations.Time and again Trump has shown that he uses his name and brand to paint a picture for people interested in investing, but it has often been nothing more substantial than smoke and mirrors. This time he has even gone so far as to involve tax dollars.The pattern continues.Featured image via Flickr",0
5070, WATCH: Actor Robert De Niro SLAMS ‘Totally Nuts’ Donald Trump To Cheers In Europe,"Legendary actor Robert De Niro was in Sarajevo on Saturday to accept an award in recognition of the anniversary of his character in the film Taxi Driver. But while speaking about the movie, De Niro compared his character of Travis Bickle, who has psychological issues and violent tendencies, to the Republican nominee. I don t know, it s crazy that people like Donald Trump he shouldn t even be where he is, so God help us,  he began as the crowd cheered. What he s been saying is really totally crazy, ridiculous   he is totally nuts. But I think now they are really starting to push back, the media   finally they are starting to say: Come on Donald, this is ridiculous, this is nuts, this is insane. Here s the video via YouTube.Indeed, Donald Trump has drawn outrage from around the world with his offensive and threatening remarks ever since he entered the race for the Republican nomination in June of last year.Perhaps most worrying to people living in Sarajevo is Trump s refusal to rule out using nuclear weapons in Europe.But Trump s outbursts have also included claims that the upcoming presidential election is rigged in favor of Hillary Clinton and his call for  Second Amendment people  to do something to stop Hillary Clinton from nominating liberal judges to the Supreme Court, which is essentially a call for gun nuts to shoot her.Bosnia and Herzegovina, whose capital city is Sarajevo, is probably also concerned about Trump s ties to Russian president Vladamir Putin, especially since the Republican nominee has threatened to pull American support from NATO and Russia has been aggressive in Eastern Europe.Make no mistake, Trump is crazy and the people in Sarajevo and the rest of the world really appreciated De Niro for speaking out against Trump at a time when many Americans really do want an egomaniacal dictator wannabe in the White House.Featured image via screen capture",0
5071, WATCH: Trump Campaign Spokeswoman Says President Obama Started The War In Afghanistan,"Trump s team is taking historical revisionism to a whole new level.During an appearance on CNN with Victor Blackwell, Donald Trump s mouthpiece Katrina Pierson claimed that President Obama is responsible for creating ISIS because he invaded Afghanistan. If you want to go way back, we can look at the troop surge,  Pierson said.  And after 2007, al Qaeda was essentially in ashes. It was Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton who then destroyed the entire rollout by wanting to pull out early, announcing their plans, ignoring intelligence and that s the reason why ISIS is a global issue and not a  A confused Blackwell interrupted.  Barack Obama in 2004, is that what you said?  he asked.And Pierson s rant just got even more confusing. No,  Pierson responded.  I said afterwards. After the surge when al Qaeda was in ashes. Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton   remember we weren t even in Afghanistan by this time. Barack Obama went into Afghanistan creating another problem. It was Hillary Clinton and her incidents in Libya. They armed the rebels and funded them. Blackwell gave Pierson another chance to get her facts straight but she only continued trying to rewrite American history.BLACKWELL:  You re saying Barack Obama took the country into Afghanistan post-2009. Is that what you re saying? PIERSON:  Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton   that was Obama s war, yes. Here s the video via YouTube:Of course, Pierson is absolutely wrong.The United States invaded Afghanistan in 2001 during George W. Bush s first year as president. President Obama took office in 2009 and inherited the War in Afghanistan.So if we go by Pierson s logic, that means George W. Bush and Republicans are responsible for the rise of ISIS because they were the ones who took America into Afghanistan.This isn t the first time Pierson has blamed President Obama for a war started by Bush.Earlier this month, Pierson falsely claimed that President Obama is responsible for the death of Captain Humayun Khan, who sacrificed his life in Iraq to save his fellow American soldiers in 2004. It was under Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton that changed the rules of engagement that probably cost (Khan s) life,  she said.But again, George W. Bush was president when the United States invaded Iraq in 2003. Obama was a senator at the time and he voted AGAINST the invasion. The Iraq War created a power vacuum that strengthened Iran s power in the region and allowed ISIS to rise.And Blackwell thoroughly fact-checked Pierson after the commercial break by giving her a history lesson. The origin of ISIS began in Iraq in 2004 and morphed into the organization we know today in 2006.Here s the video via Twitter.@bigcmurr Here is the follow up where Victor Blackwell fact checks Katrina Pierson and her ISIS history.. pic.twitter.com/4FhelNe7ah  Richard W. (@IceManNYR) August 13, 2016And it should be noted that President Bush signed the status of forces agreement that led to the withdrawal of all American troops from Iraq, thus giving ISIS the opportunity to take over large swaths of the country.Nevertheless, the tradition of Republicans blaming President Obama for everything that happened under George W. Bush s watch continues.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5072, #MakeAmericaBrannigan: Futurama Voice Actor Reads Trump’s Most Infamous Quotes (TWEETS),"The incredibly talented voice actor, Billy West, who is probably best known for his work on the hit television show Futurama has resurrected one of the show s most notorious characters. West posted audio of himself reciting quotes from Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump as the character Zapp Brannigan. West posted the audio clips of his readings to Twitter, where they have been retweeted thousands of times. The clips inspired people to create the hashtag #MakeTrumpBrannigan, a play on Trump s campaign slogan.Brannigan is the character everyone loves to hate. Brannigan is an astonishingly inept military captain whose primary directive seems to be to spread misogyny across the universe. You don t have to be a fan of the show to enjoy West s recitations of some of Trump s most infamous quotes. Such as this one from 2012, where he tweeted that,  the concept of global warming was invented by the Chinese. ZAPP presents  Famous Trump Quotations! pic.twitter.com/jGzmsKM9cF  Billy West (@TheBillyWest) August 10, 2016Brannigan s voice is as sleazy is just about as sleazy as a voice can be. This clip of the character is reading a quote from an interview in Forbes in 2014, where Trump said,  It s not a wig, it s my hair. Do you want to touch it?  is almost too much to handle.ZAPP presents   Famous Trump Quotes! #WednesdayWisdom #ManWithAPlan pic.twitter.com/dpKJOVkTmA  Billy West (@TheBillyWest) August 10, 2016Then again, hearing Trump defend the size of his hands as well as  various parts  of his  body  as he did both in an interview in 2006, and during a live Republican primary presidential primary debate has to be the best of the worst quotes recited by West.ZAPP presents Famous Trump Quotations! pic.twitter.com/cFq1rQ4veY  Billy West (@TheBillyWest) August 11, 2016Featured image from Fox",0
5073, Trump Is Now Recruiting ‘Election Observers’ To Intimidate Voters,"If there s one presidential candidate who is the king of dog whistle politics, it s Donald Trump. After declaring that the election will be rigged if Hillary Clinton wins in general   and now Pennsylvania   Trump s campaign website set up a page asking supporters to volunteer as  election observers,  meaning people who wander aimlessly around polling locations to see if any shenanigans take place.In other words, Trump is asking his rabid, racist, xenophobic supporters to patrol and potentially intimidate non-Trump supporting voters. And everyone knows who Donald Trump is referring to when he hints that people (especially in Pennsylvania) will be voting  10 times  for Hillary Clinton.With th headline  Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer,  the clever caption for reasoning reads: Help me stop crooked Hillary from rigging this election!Even though Trump is more likely to be struck by lighting in Texas than he is to have voter fraud committed against him, the intimidation of voters in a crucial swing state will ensure Trump has his way.States having election observers isn t unheard of, and sometimes the state s political parties (which are private groups) dispatch their own. Rarely do individual campaigns have their own. It s a much different story when a campaign recruits because they are so sure   without any proof   that their opponent is going to  rig  and entire nationwide election. Trump is calling our democracy into question because he s scared of a loss, and without any evidence at all.In 2008, the Obama campaign dispatched lawyers and law students to make sure voters weren t illegally turned away or purged off of voting rolls.Given Trump supporters  violent and angry tendencies towards anyone who doesn t agree with them, it won t shock anyone if there is a violent response to someone they arbitrarily decide they don t like. After all, Trump has done an excellent job of encouraging a culture of bullying and violence at his rallies.Will these people be armed (depending on what state they re in)? Will they be predominantly  observing  in black, Hispanic or Latino precincts? It would come as no surprise.Perhaps Hillary voters should go on Trump s website and volunteer in order to counter this very dangerous slippery slope of election intimidation.Featured image via Jeff Swenesen/Getty Images",0
5074, WATCH: Trump Supporter Claims Confederate Flag Is Not Racist And Civil War Wasn’t About Slavery,"It s truly sad that southern conservatives don t even know their own history.During a Donald Trump rally in Florida a group displayed a Confederate flag at the venue and were quickly told it had to be removed. The flag had a  Trump 2016  message on it.When asked by CNN why he displayed it, Brandon Partin explained that he bought the flag because they were being sold outside the rally and he thought Donald Trump would approve of it being flown at the rally.And then Partin defended the flag as  not racist  and suggested the Civil War was not fought because of racism and slavery. Most people in our country don t understand the full history behind the flag. So, I understand that the media and a lot of other people are going to turn it into something that it s not, you know, say that it s a racist thing or, you know, white supremacist. I am not a white supremacist. And it was about the North and the South. It wasn t about racism at all. The North had African-Americans fighting for them and the South had them for them, too. So for people who spin it in that direction is just completely false. I think that on a personal level between my beliefs and Trump s beliefs, I don t think he would have a problem with it at all because he probably understands the history and that s why we re all here. Here s the video via YouTube:First of all, the idea that slaves willingly fought for the Confederacy is ludicrous. The slave-holding Confederates feared giving firearms to slaves. Plus, slaves would have been forced to fight because they would not have freely fought for their own continued enslavement. Also, the Confederacy only approved of forcing blacks to fight for them on March 13, 1865 in an act of desperation. Lee surrendered on April 9, 1865. Partin is right that a very small percentage of black people in the South were soldiers in the Confederacy, but that s only because they were pressed into service by their tyrant masters and didn t want to be slaughtered for disobeying.Furthermore, the Civil War and the Confederate flag was all about slavery and racism. As evidence, in their Declaration of the Immediate Causes Which Induce and Justify the Secession of South Carolina from the Federal Union, South Carolinians prominently cited slavery as the major cause of the decision to leave the Union and begin the process of seizing control of forts and other United States government property.A geographical line has been drawn across the Union, and all the States north of that line have united in the election of a man to the high office of President of the United States, whose opinions and purposes are hostile to slavery. He is to be entrusted with the administration of the common Government, because he has declared that that  Government cannot endure permanently half slave, half free,  and that the public mind must rest in the belief that slavery is in the course of ultimate extinction.This sectional combination for the submersion of the Constitution, has been aided in some of the States by elevating to citizenship, persons who, by the supreme law of the land, are incapable of becoming citizens; and their votes have been used to inaugurate a new policy, hostile to the South, and destructive of its beliefs and safety.In addition, Confederate Vice-President Alexander Stephens made it clear in his  Cornerstone Speech  that the Confederate government was founded on the belief that black people are an inferior race and that slavery is the cornerstone of the South. Our new Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition. In short, the Confederate flag waving morons are trying to re-write history to make the Confederacy look like it was this great paradise that the  evil  Union unjustly fought a war against in 1861-1865. The war of Northern aggression  some conservatives call it. Except that the South fired the first shots at Fort Sumter in an effort to forcibly seize US Government property.It s time for conservatives to face facts. The Confederate flag is racist. The Civil War was fought over slavery. And the Confederates were a bunch of traitors whose descendants are still whining about a war they lost and are now supporting Trump because they believe he ll help them revive the  cause,  which again is all about subjugation, hatred, and oppression of people who don t have white skin.Featured Image: Screenshot ",0
5075, WATCH: Fox News Host Smacks Down Trump Supporter For Being A Hypocrite About Tax Returns,"Donald Trump still refuses to release his tax returns. So when Fox blowhard Eric Bolling tried to defend him for it he was utterly laid to waste by his own colleague.As usual, the panel of Fox hosts were busy trashing Hillary Clinton and attacking her over her recently released tax returns. But Bolling claimed that he cares more about the transcripts of Hillary Clinton s speeches to Goldman Sachs, remarking that he  really wants  to see them.Julie Roginsky then chimed in suggesting a trade in which Trump would release his tax returns in exchange for the release of the speech transcripts which drew approval from the panel. But Roginsky pointed out that she doesn t think Trump will do it because the New York Times reports that his tax returns will show that Trump pays zero percent in taxes while Clinton paid 43.2 percent in federal, state, and local taxes in 2015.In short, his tax returns would be embarrassing, and would spark outrage as it would be clear that Trump doesn t pay taxes while Hillary Clinton does.Roginsky s colleagues immediately jumped to Trump s defense by claiming that he can t release his taxes because he is being audited, but Roginsky didn t let that excuse fly. She pointed out that Trump is only being audited for a couple years of his taxes and said it doesn t stop him from releasing other years. In fact, an audit doesn t prevent releasing any tax returns at all even if they are under audit.Bolling, of course, continued making excuses for Trump and claimed that he can t release any of his taxes because the current audit could somehow affect his past returns. And that drew a sharp rebuke from Roginsky in which she called him out for being a total hypocrite. You are are coming up with Kool-Aid excuses! If this was Hillary Clinton, you d be the first to demand that she release those taxes. Here s the video via YouTube.Indeed, if Hillary refused to release her tax returns, Fox would immediately begin demanding that they be released and it would be a never ending topic from now till Election Day. But because Trump is the Republican nominee, Fox News has no problem defending him for refusing to release his own. That is except Julie Roginsky. She not only would like Trump to release them, she s tired of the lame excuses pushed by Trump apologists like Bolling.Featured image via screen capture",0
5076, State Department Confirms Hillary Clinton Did Not Use Her Position For Foundation Favors,"Another day, another Hillary Clinton scandal has died in flames. Just this year alone, three scandals   Benghazi, her private email, and now this   have proven to be nothing more than a vast right-wing conspiracy.Recently, the Republican Party has been in an absolute tailspin as their presidential candidate, Donald Trump, crashes and burns in a wreckage of insanity. So what do they do? Why, manufacture another Hillary Clinton scandal to distract from their recklessness.In a recent email dump, questions were raised (which were then inflamed by Donald Trump) regarding the idea that Clinton used her power as Secretary of State to influence her foundation. One email showed the foundation s executive, Doug Band, requesting a meeting between a wealthy donor and an ambassador, and asking for Clinton s aides to find a new job for an associate with the foundation.The completely generic and minuscule emails, which were part of thousands upon thousands released, were completely innocent. But that didn t stop the Republicans from labeling it as  pay for Play. Well the State Department has shut down those asinine, distracting talking points by pointing out that there is no evidence to suggest Clinton, in any way, used her power to accumulate favors for her foundation. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau told reporters:The State Department is not aware of any actions that were influenced by the Clinton Foundation. The Department does not believe it was inappropriate for Mr. Band or any other individual to recommend someone be considered for employment at the State Department. We also do not believe it s inappropriate for someone recommended in this manner to be potentially hired insofar as they meet the necessary qualifications for the job.The Clinton Foundation and the State Department made it clear that the individual that Band wanted hired (whose name was redacted) was not an employee of the foundation. And even if they were, Trudeau pointed out, that wouldn t necessarily be harbinger for employment, should they have the qualifications to be president.And the ambassador who wanted to meet with a donor? Such thing is commonplace:State Department officials are regularly in touch with a range of outside individuals and organizations, including non-profits, NGOs, think tanks and others.Even though such circumstances are commonplace and have historical precedence, Republicans are still hoping their phony, ill-conceived  scandal  will distract from the disaster that is their presidential candidate.Now Republicans are also toying with the idea she had a DNC staffer killed. Get ready for another season of Clinton  scandals.  Instead of focusing on the issues (which they are so good a evading) they will be doing another round of character assassination.Featured image via Bill Pugliano/Getty Images",0
5077, Claire McCaskill Blasts Trump As A ‘Bloviated God Damned Fool’,"Claire McCaskill is very clever. Instead of outwardly calling Trump a  phony bloviated god damned fool  outright, she disguised it as something former Democratic president Harry Truman would have said. And all while saying that, she smacked down  historian  Newt Gingrich.After the former Speaker of the House made a tweet equating Truman to Trump, McCaskill, a Clinton supporter, really let him have it.For a history guy,you don t know much about Harry Truman.He d call out Trump as a phony bloviating god damned fool. https://t.co/p8EXLfGvTl  Claire McCaskill (@clairecmc) August 12, 2016Aside from McCaskill s accurate description of Trump, Gingrich really should brush up on his Truman history. Before being tapped to the Vice Presidency, Truman was a United States Senator for 10 years and the elected presiding judge of Jackson County, Missouri for 8 years before that. Not only that, he wasn t a millionaire   he was a farmer, a haberdasher, and had deep connections to political mob bosses.Truman was no outsider. And Trump isn t an outsider. As a billionaire real estate mogul who has touted Bloomberg, the Clintons and Putin as his friends, it s hard to consider him an outsider, which is why McCaskill s assessment is spot on.Sadly, politicians (especially on the Republican side) have been pussyfooting around calling Trump out for what he really is. But Claire McCaskill is not shy when it comes to voicing how she really feels.Between Nancy Pelosi basically saying Trump is spewing B.S., Elizabeth Warren lambasting him as a  pathetic, two-bit dictator and now this, the women are grabbing the reins and honing in the conversation, and it s about time.Gingrich should stick to what he knows best   staying out of the way and losing, like his dreamboat candidate Donald Trump.Thank you, Senator McCaskill, for saying what we re all thinking, and thank you for killing two birds with one stone.Featured image via Aaron S. Bernstein/Getty Images",0
5078, Trump Campaign Renews Attack On Military Family (AUDIO),"An official representative of Donald Trump s presidential campaign has once again launched an attack on the family of fallen soldier Captain Humayun Khan.This time the attack comes from conservative Carl Paladino, the New York co-chair of the Trump for President Campaign.In a radio interview with Imus in the Morning, Paladino argued that Khizr Khan, Khan s father who gave a rousing speech to the Democratic Convention, does not deserve to be called a  Gold Star parent  even though he lost his son in combat in Iraq in 2004. We ve got an un-indicted felon as his opponent and you re talking about Khan, about him making a remark about this man,  Paladino, a former New York gubernatorial candidate, told interviewer Connell McShane on Imus in the Morning.  All right, I don t care if he s a Gold Star parent. He certainly doesn t deserve that title, OK, if he s as anti-American as he s illustrated in his speeches and in his discussion. I mean, if he s a member of the Muslim Brotherhood or supporting, you know, the ISIS-type of attitude against America, there s no reason for Donald Trump to have to honor this man. The Trump campaign s heartless attacks against the Khans have received widespread condemnation across America, with even some Trump supporters saying that the line was crossed in attacking the family. Trump himself belittled the family s sacrifices, pointing to his work as a real estate developer as comparable to losing a child. Trump also insinuated that Khan s wife didn t speak at the convention because of her Islamic faith.In subsequent comments she said she did not speak because she is still overwhelmed when speaking about how her child was lost.By comparison, the Khan family s sacrifice has been repeatedly praised by Hillary Clinton, her running mate Tim Kaine, and other Democrats. It is strange that in light of Trump s collapsing support in national polls that his campaign would return to this topic.Featured image via YouTube",0
5079," With Just 2 Words, Some Muslim Men GLORIOUSLY Exposed The ‘Christian’ Right’s Hate (SCREENSHOTS)","Did you know that there are two words Muslims are not allowed to use? Well, according to  Christian  conservatives, there are: the words  God  and  greatest,  especially together in a sentence   as was demonstrated by Christians at a California Catholic church throwing themselves into a panic when a group of three Muslim gentlemen shouted  Allahu Akbar! That phrase, sometimes shouted by religious terrorists who speak Arabic, simply means  God is the greatest. This or  Jesus is Lord  would be the exact thing shouted by some Christian extremists in America today. As an atheist, I personally find neither phrase alarming. Both Muslims and Christians, as well as Jews, worship the same god, and it doesn t matter in which language someone offers praise.That being said, these particular Muslim men shouted  Allahu Akbar  into an oh-so-dangerous megaphone   exactly as Christian street preachers can be seen doing on a regular basis, just in a different language (However, some  Christian  extremists simply show up at mosques with guns).The unidentified Muslims pulled up in front of St. Andrew Orthodox Church in Riverside, California, on public property, and shouted  Allahu Akbar  a few times before driving off. This was a completely harmless encounter with no weapons involved, and they were simply sharing the Christians message:  God is the greatest. But Fox News reports they said the phrase  maliciously,  as though they do not praise the same god in their own religion. Nevertheless, these men are Muslim, so panic ensued. Via Fox News: Allahu Akbar!  the unidentified man repeated several times as the unnerved parents drew their infants close and exchanged worried glances.Witnesses were able to give Riverside police a description of the green Honda Civic, but not of the three occupants. Some told police they believed one or more of the men may have been taking photographs, according to Officer Ryan Railsback. Although Trenham insisted multiple congregants heard the Arabic phrase, Railsback noted no mention of it was in the police report.Whatever the case, no law was broken   even if an unmistakable message was sent and received.This completely harmless incident that even Fox News had to admit was not a criminal act prompted the  Christians  to increase security  and they want the Muslim men to  repent  for saying  God is the greatest. Be calm and to keep a special vigilance over the property and our children while we are at church,  Trenham wrote in an email to parishioners. Pray that these provocative young men might repent of their intimidation and be saved.  He says that the situation   the situation, once again, being that some Muslims said  God is the greatest  at a church   is  tense and tenuous  and has vowed to keep new church security officers on hand for all regular services (yes, those two words were so dangerous that they think they need security). It is a deep sorrow to live this way in the  new America, Trenham told Fox.Jim Hoft, head honcho at Gateway Pundit and architect of the  Michael Brown fractured Darren Wilson s eye socket  lie and many others, decided to portray the incident as such:No, you re not suffering from anything and if you need your eyes checked it has nothing to do with this. He actually portrayed the phrase  God is the greatest  as a  threat.  Just to add to the drama, MUSLIMS is in ALLCAPS. Hoft s readers were more than happy to heap more hate on the manure pile:            This was a brilliant move on the part of the Muslim men. all they had to do was repeat a common Christian message in Arabic, and the bigots quickly revealed themselves for who they are. Was it a bit immature? Sure, but it was effective.Featured image via screengrab",0
5080, Trump Can’t Decide Which Lie To Stick To Regarding His Claim That Obama Founded ISIS,"After all the backlash Trump received for saying that Obama was literally the founder of ISIS, he tried backpedaling, and then tried to backpedal off his backpedal (wait, what? Make a decision, fool). He first tried to lie his way out of it on Twitter, saying:Ratings challenged @CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton)  the founder  of ISIS, & MVP. THEY DON T GET SARCASM?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2016Because it s always the press that s out to get him, and not the press reporting on what he says. But that s beside the point. After that tweet, he held a rally in Erie, Penn., and he went back on that tweet: So I said the founder of ISIS,  Trump recalled to the crowd, after accusing the president of being  so weak and so bad  that he allowed the Islamic State to grow.  Obviously I m being sarcastic. Then   but not that sarcastic, to be honest with you.' Well, which is it, Your Royalness? Either you were being sarcastic or you meant what you said. Trump, however, really doesn t know what he s doing, and he will never admit that he was wrong to say something. When Hugh Hewitt asked him, point blank, whether he was talking about the vacuum created in Iraq by pulling our troops out, that exchange went like this:Trump: No, I meant he s the founder of ISIS. I do. He was the most valuable player. I gave him the most valuable player award. I gave her too, by the way, Hillary Clinton.Hugh Hewitt: But he s not sympathetic to them. He hates them. He s trying to kill them.Trump: I don t care, he was the founder. His, the way he got out of Iraq was that that was the founding of ISIS, okay.The only reason he s saying that was sarcasm now is because he was called on the carpet for it, and he has to cover his growing mountain of lies somehow. But it seems his loyal subjects might not have liked that as much, because he decided swerving back and forth on this was better than picking an opinion and sticking to it.Trump knows his campaign is in trouble. He s asked for help in Utah and Ohio, and also called for a meeting with the RNC to repair that relationship after more than fifty Republicans signed a letter to ask the RNC to pull his funding. Trump isn t going to change, though. He thinks he s invincible now that he s locked up the nomination, and has become so incapable of consistency that he can t even pick one lie and stick to it.Featured image by Regine Mahaux/Getty Images",0
5081, Alabama Republican Governor BUSTED Lying To Congressman To Cover Up Affair (AUDIO),"They say the cover-up is always worse than the act itself, and Alabama Governor Robert Bentley is learning that lesson right now.The Republican governor has refused to resign and is currently facing impeachment because Bentley was caught on tape talking to Rebekah Mason, a staffer who works for him, about the extramarital affair they were conducting at the time with each other. I love you,  Bentley told Mason in the recording.  I love to talk to you. Baby, let me tell you what we re going to have to start doing, we re going to have to start locking the door. If we are going to do what we did the other day, we are going to have to start locking the door. Clearly, Bentley told Mason they ll have to lock the door because their relationship became physical andthe logical reason why they would have to start locking the door is so someone doesn t walk in on them and catch them in the act.The audio tape of Bentley and his mistress caused Bentley s wife to divorce him and as previously mentioned, the Alabama legislature has started impeachment proceedings against him.But now it appears that Bentley actually tried to cover up his affair by lying to a state lawmaker during a telephone call that was recorded.Alabama state Rep. Allen Farley caught Bentley on tape accusing the gambling industry in the state of spreading false allegations about him and Mason because he claims they were desperate enough to block his tax measures that they would sink to any low to do it. There is no affair going on,  Bentley claims in the audio recording. He then goes on to talk about Mason and how his wife is  jealous  of her and again denies that he is having an affair with her.The 25 minute phone call continues with Bentley denying that he ever used government money or the government plane to help him carry on the affair.Bentley then goes on to claim that there is a conspiracy against him orchestrated by the casino industry to force him to stop pursuing his tax agenda. Casino gambling people are feeding this story,  Bentley said.  These guys, let me tell you what they re most concerned about. They re most concerned about a lottery and me signing a compact with the Indians. That s what they re concerned about  That is the loaded gun right there. And they will do anything because these guys are poised to make hundreds of millions of dollars. Here s the audio via YouTube.So the plot has definitely thickened in this scandal and it looks like Bentley is in deep sh*t right now. He repeatedly lied about the affair before the first recording came out proving that he is a liar. And now we have a recording of Bentley flatly lying to a state congressman in an effort to cover up his affair by falsely accusing a major industry in Alabama of basically trying to blackmail him.If this isn t enough to result in Bentley s ouster the people of Alabama need to install a brand new state legislature.Featured image via YouTube",0
5082," Man Shoots His Ex-Girlfriend In The Face, But It’s All Good Because This Is Florida","A North Miami resident shot his unarmed ex-girlfriend after following her into the ladies  room at a Denny s in 2013, and he s now facing his hearing. He s been charged with attempted murder, but he and his lawyers are invoking Florida s insanely loose  stand your ground  law as a defense for him. That law has been used to justify all manner of shootings in that state.Brooke Tuchinsky, the victim, survived with a broken jaw. Sean Barnes, the shooter, claims he saw her open her purse and pull out something shiny. Fearing for his life, he pulled his gun and fired. However, Tuchinsky was found unarmed, and her purse was closed. She wouldn t have been able to put the object back in her purse and close it after getting shot in the face. Barnes told a bald-faced lie right there.Barnes  lawyers are maintaining that he never intended to use the gun for anything other than self-defense, and that Tuchinsky was allegedly stalking him. That s all he really needs for a defense. Florida s dangerous law has made vigilante justice, and shooting people out of anger, entirely too easy since people no longer need to prove they tried to get out of a situation before using lethal force.While Tuchinsky does have a history of causing problems for ex-boyfriends, she also said that Barnes threatened her: I bought a new gun and would love to use it on you and make it look like an accident or self-defense. In a sane state, that would be pretty damning, even if every word Barnes spoke about Tuchinsky s actions was true. But not in Florida. Never Florida. In fact, Miami judges have cleared several people from wrongdoing under  stand your ground,  and the Florida Supreme Court decided that anybody invoking  stand your ground,  had a right to a hearing before a judge, who would decide whether their claim was valid. If it is, then the case would be dismissed and the defendant wouldn t be held responsible for legal fees or court costs.It s a little difficult to claim  stand your ground  when you lied about the person you were facing being armed. And with that law, Barnes doesn t have to have tried to leave the Denny s after the two got into an argument requiring employees to separate them. The fact remains that, instead of leaving, he followed her, likely with intent to shoot her, and then shot her. Then he lied about what took place. That s horrible, regardless of how horrible his situation was.Featured image via screen capture",0
5083, Lesbian Couple In New Jersey Insists State Is Forcing Them To Have Sex With Men (VIDEO),"Two women in New Jersey are suing the state for one horrific obstacle that is in their path to having children   the women are lesbians, and they say the state is forcing them to have sex with men before they are allowed fertility treatments.According to the suit, the women were denied insurance coverage for their fertility treatments because of the wording of an N.J. law that requires women to prove their infertility not only through medical diagnosis, but through unprotected heterosexual sex. The law, the four women argue in the suit, discriminates against infertile gay couples trying to conceive.State law requires large insurance providers to cover costly fertility treatments for patients medically unable to have children. The couples take issue with how the law defines infertility, which includes the inability to become pregnant after one or two years of unprotected sex, depending on a woman s age. Insurance companies have been able to deny coverage to gay patients who, although they have been medically diagnosed infertile, do not fit the definition, the suit says.Source: New Jersey.comErin Krupas is infertile. Her doctor confirmed it, but that s not enough for New Jersey law. She needs to prove it by having sex with a man.You wouldn t think of a law like this existing in mostly blue New Jersey, but remember they did elect Chris Christie twice. He s still vehemently opposed to marriage equality, despite the fact that it s the law of the land. Christie didn t sign this archaic law, but you can bet he has no intention of making lives better for LGBT couples.I hate defending insurance companies, but they are caught in the middle here. Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield vehemently maintains that they do not discriminate against LGBT couples, but they have to follow state law. They are not being named in the lawsuit.Here s the video:Let s all hope this law is overturned. This is state-mandated rape. There s no other way to describe it.",0
5084, Trump Knocks Clinton’s Mental Stamina But Can’t Even Remember What Day It Is,"Donald Trump told the crowd at a Florida rally just how bad Hillary Clinton s mental stamina is, but at the same time, he couldn t even manage to figure out what day of the week it was: Now, Hillary Clinton, commonly referred to as  Crooked Hillary . Hillary Clinton gave a speech today having to do with economic development, having to do with a lot of different things. Short speech, always very short. You know? She makes the speech, she turns off the teleprompter. Look, what happens, she gives a short speech then she goes home, goes to sleep, she shows up two days later. Remember, short circuit. Remember that, right? Short circuit.Last week, Clinton said that she  may have short-circuited her answer to a question about the investigation into her private email server during a television interview. Trump latched onto the comment vehemently as proof that she isn t mentally fit to be president while attacking her physical health as well.Trump also told the crowd: I watched Hillary today, which was really boring. It s hard to watch. I have an obligation to watch. Fortunately, she never goes on very long because she wants to go home. Trump was insistent that Clinton isn t mentally competent, but twice during the rally he totally screwed up what day of the week it was, even after he was corrected. As reported by The Guardian: By the way, is there any place to be that s better than a Friday night in Florida at a Trump rally? No place. A few supporters shouted:  It s Thursday! Later he said:  We joke. It s Friday night and we re having fun.  More supporters yelled:  It s Thursday!  but he appeared to assume it was more cheering.Although probably not an accident, Trump also had a hard time with his comprehension of just how many people had actually come out to hear him speak. This place is incredible. We ve got 2,000 people outside trying to get in,  Trump said. However, according to The Guardian,  there were still hundreds of empty places in the 8,000-seat arena. Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5085, WATCH: Trump Displays Wide Smirk As Heckler Calls Him ‘Putin’s B*tch’ During Rally,"This truth doesn t hurt Donald Trump, it amuses him.That s probably why he flashed a smile after a heckler at a Kissimmee, Florida campaign rally on Thursday called the Republican nominee  Putin s b*tch  over his ties to Russian oligarchs.Trump paused during his speech after someone in the audience drew his attention and yelled  You love Russia. You re Putin s b*tch,  before being escorted out of the building by security as Trump said  goodbye  to the unidentified man several times.A few seconds later Trump asked,  Where the hell did he come from? Here s the video via YouTube:I don t know where the heckler came from but I know why he called Trump  Putin s b*tch. Donald Trump has borrowed a lot of money from his Russian business pals and they just so happen to be close with Russian President Vladamir Putin. So, let s just say Trump owes them and if he can t pay them back with money, becoming president would give him the power to pay them back in other ways. You know, like lifting sanctions placed on the Russians after they attacked Ukraine, like Trump advisor Carter Page suggested earlier this year, or weakening NATO so that Russia can continue their aggressive stance, or softening the Republican Party s condemnation of Russia s attack on Ukraine which Trump actually fought to make part of the GOP platform.In short, Trump would essentially be Putin s puppet. And it s not like Russia and Putin have not been enthusiastic about this prospect seeing as how Putin directed state media to tout Trump s campaign and Russian hackers broke into the DNC in what amounts to a cyber-Watergate in an effort to hurt Democrats by giving Trump fodder to use to attack Democrats.So the heckler at Trump s rally was absolutely right to call him  Putin s b*tch.  And Trump could only smirk because deep down he knows it s true.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5086, Time Magazine Cover PERFECTLY Illustrates What’s Happening To Trump And He’s Going To Hate It,"There s no doubt about it: Trump and his campaign are in full meltdown mode. If he were a nuclear power plant, he d be Chernobyl s number four reactor in the early stages of its spectacularly horrific failure.Panicked Republicans are openly calling for the RNC to pull Trump s funding and send it into down-ticket races. Trump himself, despite being a narcissistic jagoff, is starting to beg for help in places like Ohio and, oddly enough, Utah.And Time has captured everything about this in one beautifully accurate cover:Trump should hate this Time magazine cover, but he ll probably hang it in his office https://t.co/nXe6GuTZ4h pic.twitter.com/u6wAyvBO75  Chris Cillizza (@TheFix) August 12, 2016Time has gone into some depth on what s happened in Trump s camp. They go beyond listing the obvious, like the thinly veiled threat to Hillary Clinton, his bizarrely ridiculous claim that Obama founded ISIS (on which he later doubled down), his childish feud with a Gold Star family, and his equally childish refusal to endorse Paul Ryan, John McCain and Kelly Ayotte in their re-election bids, among other things.He s now anywhere from six to fifteen points behind Hillary nationally in the polls, and trails her badly in several key swing states. His atrocious approach to running for President isn t just costing him deep-red Utah, it s also throwing other traditionally red states, like Georgia, into play.Time points out, correctly, that Trump doesn t understand that the people who attend and cheer at his rallies aren t going to be the people who decide this election. There s a solid chance that he s incapable of understanding that   his ego won t let him. In Jacksonville, he actually said: I don t know why we re not leading by a lot. He could stand to look in the mirror, but he needs a magic mirror to see the truth. He still thinks he s infallible, and that the turnouts at his rallies, along with his Twitter supporters, are accurate indicators of how the country as a whole sees him. So he looks at the polls and finds himself baffled at how he could possibly be losing.After all, he only tells the truth (pardon us while we laugh hysterically).For Hillary, this is awesome news. She needs the next 90 days to be all about Trump and his meltdown, and that s what s happening. Trump may love the spotlight, but he doesn t like the spotlight to be so negative. Time has him on their cover, but in a very negative and unflattering light.In short, they ve highlighted a meltdown he s only now beginning to realize, if not understand. And when he finally comes to terms with it, his ego will feel nothing but total humiliation.Featured image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5087," Republicans Panic Over Trump, Write Letter To RNC In Fear Of ‘Extinction Event’","Republicans are in full-blown panic mode as over 70 GOPers signed a letter to the RNC begging them to abandon Trump to focus on funding down-ticket races in order to prevent the party s extinction.As Donald Trump continues to sink in the polls while refusing to curb his extreme rhetoric, many Republicans have jumped ship from the party, choosing to vote for Hillary Clinton instead or not vote at all.The Republican nominee is even dragging other Republicans down with him as Democrats have a real good chance of taking back the Senate and the House because Trump s stink is causing trouble for GOP candidates in races across the nation.And that s why a multitude of high profile Republicans from both past and present have written a letter to RNC Chair Reince Priebus asking him to shift money and resources from the presidential election to down-ticket races in an effort to keep Republicans in control of Congress. We believe that Donald Trump s divisiveness, recklessness, incompetence, and record-breaking unpopularity risk turning this election into a Democratic landslide, and only the immediate shift of all available RNC resources to vulnerable Senate and House races will prevent the GOP from drowning with a Trump-emblazoned anchor around its neck,  the letter states.  This should not be a difficult decision, as Donald Trump s chances of being elected president are evaporating by the day. Politico reports that it lists several of Trumps major stumbles since he threw his hat in the ring in June of last year including his offensive racist remarks about Mexicans and Muslims, his ties to Russia, and his attacks against a Gold Star family. And that doesn t include his most recent outrageous statements, which include calling President Obama the  founder of ISIS  and calling for gun nuts to assassinate Hillary Clinton. Those recent outrages have built on his campaign of anger and exclusion, during which he has mocked and offended millions of voters, including the disabled, women, Muslims, immigrants, and minorities,  the letter continues.  He also has shown dangerous authoritarian tendencies, including threats to ban an entire religion from entering the country, order the military to break the law by torturing prisoners, kill the families of suspected terrorists, track law-abiding Muslim citizens in databases, and use executive orders to implement other illegal and unconstitutional measures. And they go on to argue in favor of halting funds earmarked for Trump s campaign and re-routing the money to other campaigns. Trump s divisive and dangerous actions are not only a threat to our other candidates, but to our Party and the nation Every dollar spent by the RNC on Donald Trump s campaign is a dollar of donor money wasted on the losing effort of a candidate who has actively undermined the GOP at every turn. Rather than throwing good money after bad, the RNC should shift its strategy and its resources to convince voters not to give Hillary Clinton the  blank check  of a Democrat-controlled Congress to advance her big government agenda. Again, over 70 Republicans, including many heavy hitters, signed this letter to the RNC just like 50 Republican national security experts signed a letter denouncing the billionaire mogul earlier this week.And on the same day as details of this current letter are released, Republican strategist Matt Mackowiak summed up the GOP disgust with Trump and their worry over how he is affecting the party. OK, this shit s not funny anymore,  he wrote on Twitter.  Trump is threatening elected GOPers at all levels in places that haven t been competitive in decades  We are looking at an extinction-level event. This is the ultimate proof that Republicans know that Hillary is going to destroy them in November even though they really only have themselves to blame for creating the political climate that gave rise to an extremist opportunist like Trump in the first place. So it s just a matter of waiting and seeing if we should get the tombstone ready for the Republican Party as a whole.Featured Image: baystateconservativenews.com ",0
5088, Trumps Uses KIDS As Human Shields In Latest Campaign Lie,"Donald Trump has shown throughout the presidential campaign a repeated habit of lying again and again about every issue under the sun. Trump seems to be so enamored of lying that he often does so without any logical reason behind it   even for a politician.The Associated Press did some digging into yet another Trump claim and it turns out that he s lying, this time about children.Attacking government-funded universal pre-K programs, Trump said that he favored programs administered by private businesses, instead of the government. As an example he cited programs supposedly utilized by his own businesses.He said,  They call  em Trump Kids. Another one calls it Trumpeteers, if you can believe it. I have  em. I actually have  em, because I have a lot of different businesses. But it turns out those programs aren t for Trump s employees.But the two programs Trump cited    Trump Kids  and  Trumpeteers    are programs catering to patrons of Trump s hotels and golf club. They are not for Trump s employees, according to staff at Trump s hotels and clubs across the country. Trump Kids  is described on the Trump Hotel Collection website as  a special travel program designed to help make your next family vacation a big hit.  Its offerings include  kid-friendly amenities like kiddie cocktails, coloring books and no-tear bath amenities. The Trumpeteer Program  is described on the website of Trump National Golf Club in Charlotte, North Carolina, as  a program created specifically for our youngest members, ages three to twelve, which offers daily and evening child care, monthly newsletters and weekly events! AP also interviewed Trump employees and asked if they provide child care. They said no. The AP also checked out employee handbooks from Trump s business, and none of them mention child care services. When they asked the campaign about the candidate s lie, they responded with a stock statement and avoided answering the question directly.It s just one more example of how Trump and his campaign is trying to lie its way into the White House. Luckily, it doesn t seem to be working.Featured image via Flickr",0
5089, Federal Court Strikes Down North Carolina’s Racist Gerrymandering Law,"In another blow to voter and racial suppression, a federal court just stuck down North Carolina s racially designated gerrymandering ploy just weeks after the federal courts stuck down their racist voter ID law.In the case, Covington v. North Carolina, the three judge panel in the Middle District ruled that North Carolina lawmakers (who have a supermajority in both state chambers) unconstitutionally used race as a key factor when redrawing the legislative districts for the state House and state Senate members in 2011.However, because the decision was delivered late into the election season, the ruling will not take effect until the start of the new session in 2017, meaning voters will head to the voting booths in November under the jurisdiction of unconstitutional districts that do not accurately represent the voters in the state.Not only does the decision affect the state legislature districts, but also congressional districts. Even though Mitt Romney won North Carolina by less than two percent against President Obama in 2012, of the 13 congressional districts, Democrats only won three.In 2010, even with the Republican takeover in Congress, and a year before the new districts were drawn, seven Democrats won and six Republicans won.I wonder what changed.Republicans  attempt to block blacks and minorities from voting and having adequate representation has suffered another blowback from the courts. No wonder Republicans are so hostile to the judiciary   they keep blocking their suppression of the electorate.The court found:",0
5090, Gingrich Pushes BIZARRE Murder Conspiracy To Help Failing Trump Campaign (AUDIO),"Former Republican Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich is getting behind a bizarre conspiracy theories that supporters of Donald Trump s failing presidential campaign are latching on to.It involves the tragic death of Seth Rich, a Democratic National Committee employee involved in voter outreach who was shot to death in Washington, D.C. in July. The murder so far remains unsolved.Latching on to comments from Wikileaks leader Julian Assange that Rich was an informant to the organization, a claim completely lacking facts or any sort of proof, Gingrich said the conspiracy theory was  worth talking about. Appearing on the right-wing Mike Gallagher radio show, Gingrich rolled in the conspiratorial mud: If someone is gunned down in our national capital, we ought to have a pretty passionate interest in knowing why,  continued Gingrich.  And if it clearly wasn t a mugging and it wasn t for money, what was it for? I think just in that sense, as you know I ve written two novels: Duplicity about terrorism and the presidential campaign and the follow-one Treason is coming out. We have these kind of scenes in there where you begin to realize that there are dangerous things going on in the world. Perhaps Gingrich is still reeling after being passed over for Mike Pence in the vice-presidential sweepstakes, or more likely he is just continuing his decades-long pattern of pushing the unspeakable.Rich s family has taken note of the conspiracies swirling around the death of their relative, and have released a statement on the disgusting practice: The family welcomes any and all information that could lead to the identification of the individuals responsible, and certainly welcomes contributions that could lead to new avenues of investigation. That said, some are attempting to politicize this horrible tragedy, and in their attempts to do so, are actually causing more harm than good and impeding on the ability for law enforcement to properly do their job. For the sake of finding Seth s killer, and for the sake of giving the family the space they need at this terrible time, they are asking for the public to refrain from pushing unproven and harmful theories about Seth s murder. Gingrich either didn t hear or he didn t care. Either way, he s defiling the memory of someone s relative for cheap political gain.Featured image via Flickr",0
5091, Former Trump Staffer Suing After Campaign Director Pulled Gun On Him (IMAGES),"A former staffer of Donald Trump s presidential campaign is currently suing the campaign for its disastrous handling (or lack of handling) a deadly situation involving a gun. This comes just two days after Trump called for  Second Amendment people  to shoot and kill Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.According to the suit filed yesterday by Vincent Bordini in Mecklenburg County Superior Court in North Carolina, Bordini is suing the campaign for its inaction over a situation in which former N.C. campaign director Earl Phillip  produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent s knee cap  while the two men were in Phillip s jeep.The incident happened on February 13, and the complaint reads: Phillip pushed the barrel into Vincent s knee. The barrel s pressure crinkled Vincent s blue jeans. Phillip ominously stared sidewise at Vincent while driving the Jeep down the road and the barrel into Vincent. Vincent froze. Phillip s gun was loaded and the safety was off. A bump in the road would likely result in a bullet hole, and worse, in Vincent s knee. After this incident, Bordini had gone straight to Trump s regional director to report the incident, and that s when the director told Bordini that he d also experienced similar threatening behavior from Phillip. Desperate for a solution to this terrifying situation, Bordini went even higher up the chain and tried to report the incident to Stuart Jolly, Trump s national field director. Despite all of the evidence against Phillip, nothing happened. Still determined to be heard, Bordini notified Trump s then-campaign manager Corey Lewandowski about this incident. Once again, no action was taken by the Trump campaign and Phillip continued to work on the campaign. Bordini decided to have faith that the matter would be straightened out with time. According to the suit, Bordini was a passionate Donald J. Trump supporter. He decided that putting his head down and soldiering on was the best thing he could do for Mr. Trump. He had faith the Trump campaign would handle the situation internally. But once again nothing came of Bordini s complaints and less than a month later, Bordini resigned on March 12. Bordini is suing for  assault, battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress and negligent infliction of emotional distress  in the suit.You can read the court document below:Featured image via Richard Ellis / Getty Images",0
5092," Trump Doubles Down, Says Obama LITERALLY Created ISIS","After a completely unhinged speech in Florida in which Trump claimed President Obama and Hillary Clinton were the founder and co-founder of the terrorist group ISIS, the media rightfully hounded him for his stupidity.And what did he do? He doubled down, this time using literal terms.When Hugh Hewitt, on his conservative talk-radio show, tried to clarify Trump s statement, the Republican presidential nominee doubled down and told the host that Barack Obama, in his official capacity as President of the United States, literally created ISIS:Hugh Hewitt: I ve got two more questions. Last night you said the President was the founder of ISIS. I know what you meant. You meant that he created the vacuum, he lost the peace.Trump: No, I meant he s the founder of ISIS. I do. He was the most valuable player. I gave him the most valuable player award. I gave her too, by the way, Hillary Clinton.Hugh Hewitt: But he s not sympathetic to them. He hates them. He s trying to kill them.Trump: I don t care, he was the founder. His, the way he got out of Iraq was that that was the founding of ISIS, okayAnd just like that, Trump resorted back to his typical dog whistle insanity that won him the nomination of the crazy party. In Hewitt s defense, he did warn Trump that such comments would welcome even more media scrutiny that would hurt his chances of winning over independent voters.But Trump doesn t care. He says he s made  no mistake  in pinning the  founder  label on President Obama.Politifact fact-checked two claims from Donald Trump when he tried to tie Clinton and Obama to ISIS exclusively, and both times it was discovered Trump was   shocker   a big fat liar.Regardless, facts are no match for the red-meat politics Trump likes to throw to his rabid supporters.Luckily no one is believing him, and no matter how much he tries to push the narrative, he can t get out of the 40 percent zone with polling.Democrats are loving the Trump implosion. It seems nothing he does can distract from the sheer stupidity that comes out of his mouth.Featured image via Joe Readle/Getty Images",0
5093, Republican Steve King Gives Hillary SHOCKING Praise: She’s ‘Somebody I Can Work With’ (VIDEO),"GOP congressman Steve King (R-IA) had endorsed Republican nominee Donald Trump after Ted Cruz ended his presidential campaign, but a recent statement of his is raising some eyebrows   he actually praised Trump s rival in a speech!On Thursday, King told a crowd at the Iowa State Fair that he and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton can barely see eye to eye on anything and if he were to be re-elected, he ll break out of my shell if I have to do battle with an agenda that Iowans reject.  However, King said the former Secretary of State is  somebody I can work with  if she were to win this election. King s full statement to the audience, as quoted by the Des Moines Register s Jason Noble, was: If it s Hillary Clinton, we don t agree on very much. So you ll probably see me become a vocal member of Congress if you should elect me to go back to Washington after November.But I also know that I ve sat across the table with Hillary Clinton eye-to-eye, and when you re working outside of staff and outside of press, she is somebody I can work with. You can listen to King s remarks below:That almost sounds like resignation to the fact that Trump is destroying his campaign and dragging the GOP down with him. Coming from an elected Republican like King, this is a pretty powerful statement   especially considering all that the Republican Party has done to smear Clinton s name. Of course, King is still going to vote for Trump in November, but it sounds like he s coming around to accepting Clinton as the probable next president of the United States.Clinton has been smart in recognizing that so many anti-Trump moderate GOPers are looking for their place in this election, and she is positioning herself as someone who can unite people. Clearly, it is working. As Trump continues to grow more insane and violent in his rhetoric, we can only expect to see more statements like this coming from prominent GOPers.Featured image via Darren McCollester / Getty Images",0
5094, The Washington Post NAILS Hannity For Lying About Trump Rescuing Marines,"Sean Hannity told a massive lie to make Donald Trump look like a hero and he got busted for it by real journalists.In May, the Fox News host published an article on his website claiming that the Republican nominee sent his planes to give transportation home to 200 United States Marines who were stranded at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina in 1991 after they returned from the Gulf War. Trump even touted the story of his supposed generosity and heroics. The Trump campaign has confirmed to Hannity.com that Mr. Trump did indeed send his plane to make two trips from North Carolina to Miami, Florida to transport over 200 Gulf War Marines back home,  Hannity bragged.Not so fast, says the Washington Post.According to WAPO, not only is Trump fibbing about sending HIS plane to help the Marines, he had absolutely nothing to do with helping the troops.As usual, Hannity relied on a source who passed along rumors that Trump sent his plane to pick up the Marines. Cpl. Ryan Stickney told a story that he heard from someone else that  Mr. Trump found out about it and sent the airline down to take care of us. WAPO noted, however, that Trump s private plane was certainly not involved because it was the wrong color and only had enough seats for 24 people. Basically, Trump s own plane would have had to make ten trips or he would have to have owned ten planes. And let s face it, Trump s not that rich.In fact, it was a pair of Boeing 727s from Trump s failed airline with a capacity of 130 seats each that came to save the day and those had already been contracted out to the military long before they were needed at Camp Lejeune. It turns out when Trump bought the shuttle (Trump Shuttle) from Eastern Airlines, he made a bad deal, accepting an additional five planes instead of a lower purchase price because the market had turned south,  The Post reports.  So some of those extra planes were contracted out to the U.S. military to ferry personnel in the United States during Operations Desert Shield/Storm in 1990-1991. So Trump is taking credit for something he had no part of and Hannity is lying in order to make the candidate he backs look good.WAPO even spoke to Lt. General Vernon Kondra, the man in charge of all airlift operations, and he didn t hesitate to swat down the claim that Trump personally came to the rescue.Kondra said the notion that Trump personally arranged to help the stranded soldiers made little sense.  I certainly was not aware of that. It does not sound reasonable that it would happen like that. It would not fit in with how we did business,  he told The Fact Checker.  I don t even know of how he would have known there was a need. In conclusion, WAPO slammed Hannity for not doing his homework and for reporting rumors as facts and gave Trump the maximum number of Pinocchios.Despite the rumors on base, it s clear that Trump had nothing to do with the dispatch of the jet to the troops stranded at Camp Lejeune. The aircraft that ferried the troops was part of the Trump Shuttle fleet, at a time when Trump barely had control over the airline and was frantically trying to negotiate deals with bankers to prevent the collapse of his business empire.Trump Shuttle had a contract with the military, and this flight home was part of that contract. Simple as that.Sean Hannity needs to prominently correct this article. The Trump campaign, meanwhile, earns Four Pinocchios for confirming a story that is easily debunked.Thus far, Hannity has not thrown a temper tantrum about being outed as liar, but stay tuned. It s likely he may very well do so since he has a problem with facts and the real journalists who report them.Featured image via screen capture",0
5095, Nancy Pelosi Slams ‘Trumpian Stupidity’ And His ‘Verbal Poo Poo’,"Donald Trump has been facing a furious backlash as a result of his most recent comments. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) weighed in on Thursday, slamming his never-ending stream of  verbal poo poo. Pelosi blasted Trump s assertion that President Obama and Hillary Clinton are responsible for the creation of ISIS. This ridiculous claim, she explained, is just another attempt to keep the attention of the media. [It] is so bizarre,  Pelosi said.  It s reminiscent of demagogues who want to be in the press no matter what they have to say.They make their verbal poo-poo anyplace to get attention.Pelosi didn t hold back and called out Trump s desperation for attention. According to her, the only thing Trump cares about is keeping all eyes on him. his is not an accident. This is a tactic,  she said,  and here we are talking about it. Pelosi went on to explain that the blame for the creation of the Islamic State rests squarely on the shoulders of the Bush administration. The fact is, the invasion of Iraq   under misrepresentations to the American people, has done more to inflame the terrorists than any action you can name,  Pelosi said.Pelosi then lit into Trump for his suggestion that  Second Amendment people  are the only ones who can keep Clinton from becoming President and appointing Supreme Court justices who would do away with the right to bear arms altogether. It was clear that he didn t understand that the words of a presidential candidate, a nominee, weigh a ton,  she said.She said that Trump could have chosen any voter base to make his point. He could have chosen the  anti-choice pro-lifers or those against immigration. But he didn t. He chose to call out the Second Amendment gun nuts, which Pelosi said was  very problematic  given  the manner which he did. The double meaning that it had, wittingly or not, is very, very problematic   very problematic and scary,  Pelosi said.  We don t know whether he intended it or not. But even if he didn t, words weigh a ton. Rep. Steve Israel (N.Y.), head of the Democrats  campaign messaging arm, joined Pelosi in her scathing criticisms of the Republican nominee. He added that Trump s assertion that he would only support our NATO allies if they pay up jeopardizes our efforts to fight ISIS effectively. That is typical Trumpian stupidity,  Israel said.  I don t mind his absurd statements. What concerns me are his dangerous policies. Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
5096," Anonymous GOP Reps Admit Clinton Will Win, Blame Trump’s Stupidity","Republicans are already predicting doom and gloom for November. Since Donald Trump seems not to grasp what  get on message  means (they ve been telling him to do that for months), members of the Republican Party are already predicting Hillary Clinton as the victor.In an exclusive with The Hill, several members of the House GOP caucus under anonymity, who back Trump, now say they are preparing for a Clinton sweep in November.One  Southern lawmaker,  who is a Trump supporter, told the Hill:I m not feeling great about the immediate future of the conservative movement right now. As a conservative who believes our ideas are good for America, it is pretty gloomy these days.The southern lawmaker acknowledged Trump would be a difficult candidate to sell to the American people, considering the GOP s lack of a coalition with women, minorities, LGBT, and youth voters (yet they re still a Trump supporter), which means they don t care about the bran issues facing their party. There was some hope that the disaffected, so-called silent majority would be broad enough and turn out in large enough numbers to give Trump a chance. But if he continues the next 90 days like the last week, then he will lose big time,  the southern lawmaker told the Hill.One  Northeastern lawmaker  was more candid with his feelings:I think it will be Hillary. If I had to bet, I d definitely  bet that Trump loses. This is like a football game where you hate both teams. You root for a tie   and maybe some minor injuries.Right now, it sucks to be a Republican. Rep. Matt Salmon, who originally backed Marco Rubio, then Ted Cruz and now Trump, admitted a Trump win will be a  steep climb.  That s because the GOP didn t listen to their 2012 autopsy report, and they are paying the price. But not all members of the GOP are ignoring the findings from their last loss in 2012. Rep. Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania told the Hill that the GOP must learn from their autopsy report if they hope to win:Another autopsy will occur, and the next time I hope lessons will be learned.Fat chance that will happen. They seriously thought Romney was going to beat President Obama, and decided to disregard all the points they missed when he didn t win.The GOP is bracing for a Clinton win, and so is the rest of he country   anything is better than Donald Trump.Featured image via Joe Readle/Getty Images",0
5097, RNC Is Preparing To Dump Trump Unless He Cleans Up His Act,"Donald Trump may soon be facing the November election completely alone. A new report from Time is detailing an ultimatum between RNC Chairman Reince Priebus and the Republican presidential candidate: either he cleans up his act, or the Republican Party will stop funding him.Citing polls that show Trump s campaign in the gutter, Priebus, in a phone call with Trump, told the nominee that if he didn t change the trajectory of his message, the party would instead focus on funding and supporting down ballot races in the House and Senate. Priebus also allegedly told Trump he would have been better off staying at his Florida estate, Mar-a-Lago, after the convention.Considering Democrats are poised to take back the Senate and make significant gains in the House, the Republicans should utterly and completely dump Trump.The alleged phone call stemmed after Trump s confrontation with the gold star Khan family, and his refusal to endorse Paul Ryan and John McCain.Trump, of course, denied this, saying:He never said that. We never had a conversation about that. We do very well together. We never had that conversation. Doesn t exist. And by the way, Reince Priebus is a terrific guy. He never said that. It was never stated. Why would they state that when I m raising millions of dollars for them.Something tells me his latest  Second Amendment  comment isn t what Priebus had in mind. Priebus also told Trump that his loyalty is not to the Trump campaign, but to the Republican Party, saying he is  not the chairman to the Trump campaign  and that he would do what s best for the GOP:Priebus and Trump talk frequently, with the party chair urging Trump for months to professionalize his operations and campaign. But the tenor of the calls turned more frank and frustrated last week as Trump s campaign slide continued. The officials said Priebus reminded Trump that his title is RNC chairman, not chairman of the Trump campaign, adding that he would act in the best interests of the Republican PartyTrump is the nominee for President of the United States   it s safe to say Priebus failed to do what is best for the GOP. His own economic agenda was drowned out by his calls for a  Second Amendment  remedy for Hillary Clinton, and a slew of prominent Republicans have been abandoning ship and announcing their support for Clinton.The GOP is in full tail-spin mode. And it s all thanks to Donald Trump.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5098, New Study PROVES It’s Republicans Who Are To Blame For Slow Economy,"When Donald Trump isn t busy insulting Gold Star families or inciting his followers to assassinate his presidential opponent, he spends a lot of time talking about the dreadful Obama economy   one in which, admittedly, growth is slow. A new study, though, shows that Trump is pointing his stumpy finger in the wrong direction. The blame lies squarely with his Republican party.The report was published by the Economic Policy Institute. It blames Republican austerity, not Democratic spending, for the fact that economic growth was just 1.2 percent during the second quarter, and frankly, it hasn t been spectacular for a long time. It s easy to blame the man in the White House, which is what Republicans do, but they are wrong.The EPI places the blame on 2011 s Republican budget cuts, fiscal austerity at the state and local levels, GOP states  refusal to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act. Instead of cutting spending during the recovery from the Great Recession, we should have been spending more   specifically on infrastructure and on programs that help people.This economic recovery has been the slowest over the past four business cycles. For example, the employment recovery from the trough of the Great Recession to its pre-recession peak took 51 months. Following the recession in the 1980s, employment recovery took 11 months. In the early 1990s it took 23 months, and in the early 2000s it took 39 months.The US government would have had to spend an additional $1tn in 2015 alone to match the spending that followed the 1980s recession, Bivens said. While such spending might run up the US deficit   something Republicans in Congress are opposed to   it would also have led to  several years of full employment  and the Federal Reserve increasing interest rates.Source: The GuardianAnother problem is the low interest rates. During the recovery from the 80s recession, the interest rates started at 9.3 percent. Now, with interest rates approaching 0 percent, and have been for a long time, there s no place to move them.The study does place some blame on the Obama administration, though. He didn t make effective enough use of the bully pulpit.The Obama administration  could have made a louder and more consistent case that the slow recovery had concrete, identifiable roots in decisions made by the Congress,  Bivens wrote.  Had the Obama administration made such a powerful case for why austerity was hampering growth, it could have educated the public and potentially helped build support for more sensible policy the next time the United States faces a recession. Featured image via Darren Hauck at Getty Images. ",0
5099, Rudy Giuliani Turns Into A Blithering Idiot When Confronted By CNN Host (VIDEO),"During a live CNN interview with Rudy Giuliani, host Chris Cuomo held the former New York Mayor s feet the fire over his justification for Donald Trump s most recent controversial remarks. Giuliani asserted, like Donald did, that Hillary Clinton will abolish the Second Amendment. That s not legally possible but Giuliani ran with it.At one point, Cuomo asked Giuliani if Trump  becomes President of the United States, is that going to be your position, is that he goes out, he ll says things and then you ll come on and say what he actually meant? Cuomo then brought up Trump s recent jaw-dropping claim that President Obama and Hillary Clinton  founded ISIS.  That remark is peculiar in more than one way. Trump is featured in at least two ISIS recruitment videos.However, Giuliani called Trump s claim  legitimate political commentary. Cuomo responded, saying,  But it s not true,  then went on to compare Trump s remarks to his  Second Amendment people  threat toward Hillary Clinton. It s part of a pattern,  Cuomo said.  I don t control what comes out of his mouth. The man has blacklisted me, won t come on this show because he doesn t like answering questions about what he says. It s a pattern of the press exaggerating what he says,  Giuliani said, likely attempting to blame the Liberal Media . He s saying my coverage is rigged,  Cuomo said.  Do you think my coverage is rigged? I think a lot of coverage is rigged,  Giuliani responded. How is it rigged?  Cuomo said.  This comes out of his mouth and you have to apologize for it. I m telling you he didn t say words of violence!  Giuliani declared.  You say things in a lot of ways. This is what the man does,  Cuomo remarked.  He says things that are either casual or hyperbolic to impress the crowd. And then they go too far and he refuses to apologize and blames the media. It s happened at least 10 times that I can name right off the top of my head. Raw Story uploaded a few of the clips.[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAEnSJcAJJY][youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ijfm4SXc94][youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctK2taY5SH0]Giuliani said that Donald not releasing his taxes is a problem but not much of an issue compared to Hillary Clinton s handling of emails. Cuomo countered that, too, with facts Giuliani disregarded by making accusations which he could not back up. Giuliani, throughout the whole interview, stammered while trying to justify his candidate s appalling rhetoric.Donald does not have the ability to apologize and move on. That prompts each of his controversial remarks to linger on in the media. When he s held accountable for the words that come out of his mouth, he then blames the media for quoting him verbatim.Featured image via screenshot",0
5100," Donald Trump: President Obama Is ‘Founder Of ISIS,’ Honored By Terrorists (VIDEO)","If the Republican Party leaders thought that Donald Trump would become more presidential once he clinched the nomination, boy have they been wrong. One of the first things he did after he was officially crowned the party s standard-bearer after the Republican National Convention was to get into a despicable spat with the family of a fallen Muslim American soldier after the father s speech at the Democratic National Convention. Then, after a series of his signature crazy incidents, Trump decided to suggest that  Second Amendment People  should shoot Hillary Clinton. Now, he is claiming that the Islamic State (ISIS)  honors  President Obama, who Trump calls a  Founder of ISIS.  Trump said at a rally in Sunrise, Florida: In many respects, you know, they honor President Obama. He is the found of ISIS. He s the founded of ISIS. He s the founder. He founded ISIS. Of course, no Obama smear on this or any other subject would be complete in Trumpland without a shot at Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. Trump continued: I would say the co-founder would be Crooked Hillary Clinton. Crooked Hillary Clinton. Trump went on to continue his indictment of Obama to his ignorant and bigoted followers by invoking the president s middle name,  Hussein,  which to Trumpkins means he s some kind of secret Muslim terrorist. Trump did this during his uninformed remarks regarding Crimea, to chants of  Lock her up!  from his nutty followers, saying that everything he s saying happened  during the administration of Barack Hussein Obama. Of course, all of this recalls the insanity of Trump s  something is going on  comments regarding the Orlando shooting and President Obama s handling of it. In essence, he accused a sitting president of treason.Of course, these are all lies, but that matters not to Trump supporters. So long as they lap up every smear, every word that comes out of his narcissistic mouth, Trump s dangerous rhetoric will continue. If this doesn t tell people that Trump is in this for the money, power, and attention and nothing else, I don t know what will.Watch the video of Trump s latest remarks below, via The New York Times:Featured image via Joshua Lott/Getty Images",0
5101," Ronald Reagan’s Daughter DESTROYS Trump, Reminds Him How Her Dad Was Shot","Something that Donald Trump needs to realize is that his words are now heard not only all over the nation, but around the world. He s currently the presidential nominee for the Republican Party, and the things that come out of his mouth need to be taken very, very seriously.So, when Trump decided he would say  Second Amendment people  should take out Hillary Clinton, it should not be taken with a grain of salt, but rather with the utmost scrutiny. Where Trump might think he s being funny, there could be some sociopath out there who listens to Trump s words and finds inspiration. A person who could do unspeakable things for any number of reasons.One person who knows exactly how dangerous people who are inspired to do horrific acts can be is Patti Davis, the daughter of former President Ronald Reagan. Reagan was himself shot by a deranged man named John Hinckley.Taking to Facebook after Trump s outrageous remarks, Davis laid into Trump as only a person with her life experiences can do. She said: To Donald Trump: I am the daughter of a man who was shot by someone who got his inspiration from a movie, someone who believed if he killed the President the actress from that movie would notice him. Your glib and horrifying comment about  Second Amendment people  was heard around the world. It was heard by sane and decent people who shudder at your fondness for verbal violence. It was heard by your supporters, many of whom gleefully and angrily yell,  Lock her up!  at your rallies. It was heard by the person sitting alone in a room, locked in his own dark fantasies, who sees unbridled violence as a way to make his mark in the world, and is just looking for ideas. Yes, Mr. Trump, words matter. But then you know that, which makes this all even more horrifying.  And she s absolutely correct. Instead of doubling down on his remarks, or claiming what he said isn t actually what he said. He should have owned the fact that he misspoke, clarified his true intent, and apologized to not only Hillary Clinton, but to all those who have been affected by gun violence. However, the chances of that happening are slim to none, so, don t hold your breath.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images, Facebook",0
5102, Clinton’s Latest Electoral Appeal? Mormon Voters – And It Could Work,"Many people will assume those who are religious will automatically vote Republican. That may be true with Evangelicals and Protestants, but that s not the case with Catholics, Jews and Muslims.But there is one religious group that is stuck between a rock and a hard place: Mormons.It s no secret Mormon voters (especially in Utah) hate Donald Trump. He s arrogant, vulgar, an adulterer, a liar and a sneak. And he openly exults it with little to no shame.The New York Times found that Trump does in fact have a  Mormon  problem, with only 33 percent having a favorable view of the Republican candidate. In the Utah Republican primary, Trump finished dead last with only 14 percent of the vote (Ted Cruz won).When it comes to Hillary Clinton, Mormons often give the same response   the cold shoulder   but not with the same vitriol as shown to Trump.That s why Clinton is seizing the opportunity and appealing to weary voters in Utah and aboard, hoping to solidify a coalition of traditional religious, Republican voters.In an op-ed featured in a newspaper owned by the Mormon Church, Clinton makes that appeal head on, writing:I ve been fighting to defend religious freedom for years. As secretary of state, I made it a cornerstone of our foreign policy to protect the rights of religious minorities around the world   from Coptic Christians in Egypt to Buddhists in Tibet. And along with Jon Huntsman, our then-ambassador in Beijing, I stood in solidarity with Chinese Christians facing persecution from their government.We stood up for these oppressed communities because Americans know that democracy ceases to exist when a leader or ruling faction can impose a particular faith on everyone else.Clinton drew parallels between Mormons, who were once profiled and discriminated against, and Trump s call to ban Muslims from entering the United States:Everyday Trump continues to prove he lacks the morals to be our commander in chief. With a new and outrageous headline seeming to pop up every day, it s easy to forget that Trump showed us his true colors early on, when he proposed banning all Muslims from our shores. That would undue centuries of American tradition and values. When it comes to religion, we strive to be accepting of everyone around us. That s because we need each other.The editor of the newspaper shed some hopeful light on the prospect of a Clinton win for Utah, stressing that the Republican, Mormon voter base has a  libertarian streak  when it comes to the issue of immigration, which affects the southwest more than any other region in the United States. Sensing that immigrants make communities stronger, Mormons tend to be more sympathetic to their plights. And the newspaper also noted that Mormon voters are  very sensitive  to religious persecution, which Trump has successfully made a crux in his campaign.The last Democrat to win Utah was Lyndon Johnson in 1964. Let s make it happen again in 2016.Featured image via Steve Pope/Getty Images",0
5103, Actress Rose McGowan Takes On Trump And His ‘Enablers’ In BRUTAL Op-Ed,"Best known for her roll in the TV show Charmed, actress Rose McGowan is a patriot, but not in the sleeps-with-an-AR-15 sense. McGowan loves our country and when she sees a danger, like Donald Trump, she speaks out, and when she speaks out, she doesn t mince words.In a Facebook post she emailed to all the major TV networks and to the Trump campaign, McGowan accused Trump of  poisoning us,  and the networks of being complicit in allowing Trump to do so. She also called Trump a  murderer in the making,  after his controversial comments in which he begged his  2nd Amendment  followers to  do something  about Hillary Clinton.She called Trump a  disease :After the Republican National Convention I wrote an open letter to a rabid Trump supporter. I realize now the letter was for you, Donald and media men. It s you I ve been wanting to talk to. You who have been stressing me and most of the nation out to the point of a diagnosable sickness. WE ARE BEING POISONED. We, the public, are being sickened by an ever expanding assault on our right to live a healthy and free life. Donald & you ratings driven colluders, are holding us the public hostage and exposing us to disease. A massive DISease.Our symptoms are knots in our shoulders, sick feelings in the pit of our vaginas, stomach tightness, shortness of breath, wildly elevated stress levels- we are now chronically experiencing a true mass illness.McGowan is genuinely frightened of Trump and his followers, calling his campaign a  daily reign of terror.  She also begged the media not to cover the billionaire, which will never happen because he does bring in ratings.Here s the entire Facebook post:Her Twitter feed has been no less brutal:You are a criminal, Donald Trump. Well played, Republicans, well played. You are endorsing a home grown terrorist.  rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) August 10, 2016 You disgusting creep Trump s Assassination Dog Whistle Was Even Scarier Than You Think https://t.co/Gfniw6aPHX via @RollingStone  rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) August 10, 2016Donald Trump called for the ultimate violence against a woman.Who are these brainwashed women that want to   https://t.co/5VD9X3QMXY  rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) August 9, 2016This isn t the first time McGowan has dipped her foot into this year s presidential election. Last month, she famously got into a twitter war with has-been actor and Trump supporter, Scott Baio. She wrote him an open letter too, calling him  below average  and  full of fear. Featured image via Michael Loccisano at Getty Images. ",0
5104, Convicted Felon With A Gun Has Knee-Jerk Reaction That Kills His Own Daughter,"A man who shot and killed his own daughter as she came home from her first day of middle school has told authorities that she startled him, so he shot her. He then tried to get rid of his gun after taking her to a hospital, where she later died from her wounds.Timothy Batts originally told police that his daughter, Timea, came in and woke him up, saying she d been shot after getting off the school bus. After police found evidence that he d fired his gun inside his house, he admitted his lies to the police. He told them that he was his daughter s killer after a noise she made woke him up, and her yell startled him.In other words, he thought she was an intruder, and fired his gun before making sure he knew who was in his house. While there s every possibility that he thought it was someone coming after him, this kind of thing is a growing problem as we increasingly refuse to respect the danger that guns are.Worse, he s a convicted felon. Felons aren t supposed to be able to have guns, and yet, he had one. It s not clear how he came to own a gun, despite having previous convictions of felony drug possession and attempted criminal homicide, and yet, he had one. Why?His daughter s death was a mystery in the town of Hendersonville, Tenn., where people were shocked to learn of Timea s death   nobody could figure out what an 11-year old could possibly have done to get herself shot in the few feet there were between the bus stop and her house. Police were confused as to why there were so few clues other than her father s account of what happened.Later that evening, though, the case took a turn when police investigated Batts  house and found that Batts had fired his gun. He s now facing charges of reckless homicide, tampering with evidence, false reporting and felon in possession of a firearm. He s currently being held on a $1 million bond, and his cousin has actually started a Gofundme account in order to raise money for his bail.He could have obtained his gun legally or illegally, but the fact remains that his daughter would still be alive if he hadn t shot first and thought later.Featured image via screen capture",0
5105, Hillary Clinton: Trump ‘Crossed The Line’ With Second Amendment Comment (VIDEO),"Hillary Clinton took a swing back at Donald Trump on Wednesday. Speaking at a campaign rally in Iowa, she blasted him for suggesting that the  Second Amendment people  were the only ones that could stop her from becoming president and appointing justices to the Supreme Court.Clinton said in no uncertain terms that Trump had  crossed the line  when it comes to his  casual inciting of violence. Words matter, my friends, and if you are running to be president or if you are president of the United States, words can have tremendous consequences. Yesterday, we witnessed the latest in a long line of casual comments from Donald Trump that crossed the line. His casual cruelty to a Gold Star family, his casual suggestion that more countries should have nuclear weapons, and now his casual inciting of violence. Every single one of these incidents shows us that Donald Trump simply does not have the temperament to be president and commander in chief of the United States.During a campaign event on Tuesday, Trump said, If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do folks. Though the second amendment folks, maybe there is   He has since argued unconvincingly that he didn t mean it the way it sounded. Honest. He wasn t alluding to the assassination of his rival. Of course, not. He just meant they could vote for him instead. Really. He was only referring to the tremendous political power  of voters who support the Second Amendment. (Insert eye roll here) You look at the power they have in terms of votes and that s what I was referring to, obviously that s what I was referring to and everybody knows it,  Trump told Fox News on Wednesday.Watch Hillary Clinton slam Trump for  crossing the line  here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_2PkrQ9jq4]Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5106, DAMNING Texts Have Just Surfaced In Christie’s ‘Bridgegate’ Scandal,"Chris Christie has always been adamant that neither he, nor his staff, knew anything about the Washington Bridge lane closures intended to create serious traffic problems for a town whose mayor refused to endorse his re-election bid in 2014. However, some new texts have surfaced in which two staffers discuss how Christie flat-out lied at a 2013 press conference where he insisted they were all innocent.The exchange was between Christina Renna and a campaign staffer, Peter Sheridan, and went like this: Are you listening? He just flat out lied about senior staff and (former campaign manager Bill) Stepian not being involved,  the aide, Christina Genovese Renna, wrote in a text message to campaign worker Peter Sheridan as they watched the Dec. 13, 2013 press conference, when the so-called  Bridgegate  scandal was just beginning to unfold. I m listening.  Sheridan replied. He added:  Gov is doing fine. Holding his own up there. Renna wrote back:  Yes. But he lied. And if emails are found with the subpoena or [campaign] emails are uncovered in discovery if it comes to that it could be bad.' Lawyers for Bill Baroni, one of Christie s allies who s going on trial soon for his role in Bridgegate, submitted those texts as evidence that the blame for Bridgegate really lies with other people. They re trying to convince the court that the government ignored key evidence in their investigations.Christie is becoming a well-known liar. When asked about these texts, he flat-out said: I absolutely dispute it. It s ridiculous. It s nothing new. There s nothing new to talk about. He also tried to cast doubt on the texts by saying they came from a defense lawyer, and not from someone under oath. Christie seems to think he can remain innocent in the eyes of, well, whoever thinks he s actually innocent, by implying the texts are either fabricated or taken so far out of context that they re meaningless.Christie hasn t been charged in the scandal. Depending on what happens with this new evidence, though, that may change. Either way, Christie looks worse than ever.Featured image by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5107, MSNBC Host SPEECHLESS After Trump Spox Makes INSANE 2nd Amendment Defense (VIDEO),"The GOP is scrambling to do damage control after its disgraceful presidential candidate called for the assassination of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton yesterday. Prominent GOPers like Paul Ryan are brushing off Donald Trump s comments about the  Second Amendment people  shooting Clinton as a  bad joke  and the responses from the Trump campaign itself have been just as shameful.We knew Trump s team would try to spin those comments any way possible, but it seems that Trump finally made a comment serious enough that there is no way it could have been misinterpreted or skewed. But when infamous Trump spokesperson Katrina Pierson went on MSNBC to try and explain Trump s statements, her  logic  left host Kate Snow literally  speechless  when Pierson tried to play it off like Trump had merely been talking about encouraging gun owners to vote against Clinton. Pierson said: The NRA is a bipartisan organization. And that is also left out of the discussion in the media, considering how there are even Democrats who won t touch gun legislation in an election year because the NRA has been able to take out Democrats as well. Snow argued that Trump had called on gun owners to stop the former Secretary of State as if she had already been elected and was picking liberal Supreme Court justices. Snow said: He s assuming she s in power. And then says there s nothing you can do about it at that point    Well, but maybe the Second Amendment people, maybe there is. Pierson continued to insist that Trump was talking about the NRA being able to stop senators from appointing people that are hostile towards the Second Amendment. Snow tried to make Pierson understand the severity of what Trump had said, whether it had been misinterpreted or not: If his words are misinterpreted as president, he will not get a do over as president of the United States. I think that s what a lot of people are reacting too here. You don t get a do over. Pierson did what any GOPer does when they re cornered   change the subject to blaming Obama and Clinton for everything. Pierson suddenly began talking about the the horrible things that have already happened while Hillary Clinton was at the State Department  and even threw Obama under the bus while she was at it. Snow kept trying to keep Pierson on subject, pressing her: You have no concern about his ability as president   if here were president   to make an argument with foreign leaders, in negotiations and not be misconstrued or misunderstood? What Pierson said next stunned Snow to the point where she had no words for several seconds. Pierson said: He wasn t talking about policy. He wasn t talking about implementation of policy. He was talking about what would happen if Hillary Clinton were to be elected and he was absolutely right. After a long, awkward silence, Snow finally said, I m speechless because I m trying to follow your logic here, Katrina, and I m having a hard time.  That s because with Trump, there is no logic   there is only fear and insanity.You can watch Pierson s insane defense of Trump s comments below:Featured image via screenshots",0
5108, Rudy Giuliani: Trump Didn’t Say To Kill Hillary Because People Didn’t Cheer Enough (VIDEO),"Former New York Mayor and right-wing puppet Rudy Giuliani stepped in on Wednesday to defend Trump after his, let s say  controversial,  remark that  Second Amendment People  should assassinate Hillary Clinton. On  Good Morning America,  Giuliani dumbsplained that The Donald couldn t have possibly threatened Clinton   because the crowd didn t cheer loudly enough. We know Donald Trump is not particularly indirect,  Giuliani told George Stephanopoulos. If Donald Trump was going to say something like that, he d say something like that. Hillary wants to abolish   essentially abolish the Second Amendment. By the way, if she gets to pick, if she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although the Second Amendment people, maybe there is, I don t know,  Trump said on Tuesday, echoing right-wing rhetoric typically associated with dealing with political enemies. But I tell you what, that will be a horrible day, if Hillary gets to put her judges in, right now we re tied. For years, conservatives have accused President Obama and Hillary Clinton of attempting to strip guns from the hands of Americans, calling for the assassination of both political figures as the only way to deal with the perceived problem. The need to murder the President and former First Lady is a sentiment echoed by many of Trump s followers, especially the  Second Amendment People    and one Trump himself seems to have adopted in his rhetoric. This is something Giuliani clearly recognizes. However, he says that Trump didn t say the thing he said because the enthusiastically hateful crowd didn t cheer loudly enough: You know how speeches go. He was talking about how they [gun rights advocates] have the power to keep her out of office. That s what he was talking about. With a crowd like that, if that s what they thought he d meant, they d have gone wild. Trump fans have repeatedly called for the former First Lady s arrest and execution at his rallies, with The Donald and other speakers egging them on. Since Clinton has done nothing illegal and can not be imprisoned, assassination is left as the only option for many of them, including Trump, who projected a message of hopelessness clearly intended to encourage gun nuts to take action on his behalf.The threat was so serious that the Secret Service has made the unprecedented move of commenting on the clear federal offense via Trump s favorite platform: Twitter.The Secret Service is aware of the comments made earlier this afternoon.  U.S. Secret Service (@SecretService) August 9, 2016A former top Secret Service official told Time that if he was still with the agency, he would  contact someone on Trump s campaign staff to have a conversation about whether he understands the consequences of that rhetoric. It will be interesting to see how this plays out. If everything happens as it should, Trump could be the first presidential candidate to be simultaneously protected by, and investigated by, the Secret Service.Watch Giuliani s insane remarks below:Featured image via screengrab",0
5109,WATCH: Gun Nut Believes Trump’s ‘Second Amendment’ Threat Is A Call To Arms,"Donald Trump s  Second Amendment  threat just took a more frightening turn.National outrage ensued after the Republican nominee suggested on Tuesday that gun owners do something to stop Hillary Clinton from nominating judges to the Supreme Court. If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks,  Trump said.  Although the Second Amendment people   maybe there is, I don t know. This statement prompted the Secret Service to take the unprecedented step of responding to an assassination threat by a presidential candidate against an opposing candidate, whom the Secret Service is charged with protecting and would be in the line of fire should a right-wing gun nut answer Trump s dog whistle.And it appears that at least one gun nut is interpreting Trump s dog whistle call as a call for armed insurrection if Hillary Clinton becomes president and doesn t pick who they want her to pick as a Supreme Court Justice.Greg from Michigan called into C-SPAN on Wednesday morning and while he denied that Trump was calling for Hillary to be shot and killed he frighteningly declared that Trump was actually calling for a bloody armed revolt if conservatives don t get their way. Number one, Mr. Trump was not threatening assassination of Hillary. But what he was implying and could happen is if Hillary got her way and did do away with Second Amendment rights, there are a lot of us who are gun owners who are going to object to that very strongly. And since we do have firearms, it might if it comes down to it be us having to defend our rights with those guns, just as the revolutionaries did in the Revolutionary War. Here s the video via C-SPAN:Trump s rhetoric just took a scary turn and his supporters are taking him seriously. Republicans have talked about  Second Amendment remedies  before but American voters have been consistent in rejecting candidates who spew such rhetoric. The idea of using guns to force your political agenda on the country is a threat to our democracy and has no place in this country. It s time for voters to once again reject this rhetoric by defeating Trump by a landslide. Republicans need to learn once and for all that threats of gun violence is not a political strategy and is a sure way to lose elections.Featured Image: YouTube",0
5110, Gabby Giffords FLAYS Trump For Inciting ‘Bloodshed’ With Second Amendment Comments,"Having lived through an assassination attempt herself, former Rep. Gabby Giffords (D-AZ) understands the seriousness of Trump s most recent remarks and his invitation to violence. In a statement released on Tuesday, Giffords flayed Trump for inciting  bloodshed  when he suggested that  Second Amendment people  could stop Clinton from reaching the White House and subsequently appointing Supreme Court justices that will take away everyone s guns.In the powerful statement, Giffords and her husband, former astronaut Mark Kelly, told Americans that they must draw a  bright red line  in the sand between political rhetoric and inciting violence. Responsible, stable individuals won t take Trump s rhetoric to its literal end, but his words may provide a magnet for those seeking infamy,  their statement read.  They may provide inspiration or permission for those bent on bloodshed. They continued, urging Trump supporters, the Republican nominee himself, and Americans in general  to unambiguously condemn these remarks and the violence they insinuate. You can read her full statement here:Donald Trump might astound Americans on a routine basis, but we must draw a bright red line between political speech and suggestions of violence. Responsible, stable individuals won t take Trump s rhetoric to its literal end, but his words may provide a magnet for those seeking infamy. They may provide inspiration or permission for those bent on bloodshed. What political leaders say matters to their followers. When candidates descend into coarseness and insult, our politics follow suit. When they affirm violence, we should fear that violence will follow.It must be the responsibility of all Americans   from Donald Trump himself, to his supporters, to those who remain silent or oppose him   to unambiguously condemn these remarks and the violence they insinuate. The integrity of our democracy and the decency of our nation is at stake.In 2011, Giffords was shot in the head while meeting with constituents outside of a grocery store in Tuscon, Arizona. Six people were killed in the tragic shooting and Giffords was critically wounded. Recovery has been long and hard, and is not yet done, but she has become a tireless advocate for gun control regulations to make America safer. She spoke at the Democratic National Convention and said that as president, Hillary Clinton would fight to enact gun control legislation that would help keep guns out of the hands of people like the man who shot her.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5111, Don Lemon BLOWS UP At GOP Guest For Brushing Off Trump’s 2nd Amendment Threat (VIDEO),"While many of us are still trying to understand why the hell a presidential candidate would call for the assassination of another presidential candidate, some Americans are still in denial and holding onto the false belief that Republican nominee Donald Trump is not a complete dangerous psychopath.Following Trump s recent  Second Amendment  comments suggesting that Hillary Clinton should be shot dead, CNN s Don Lemon held a discussion last night to discuss the severity of his comments. It didn t take long before he and Republican congressional candidate Dan Bongino got into a vicious fight over Bongino s blatant ignorance.Insisting that Trump s comments were not actually implying violence, Bongino brushed the matter off and showed a horrifying amount of disrespect when he claimed he was  trying not to break down in laughter  over Lemon s concern about Trump s remarks. Lemon fought back and said Trump needed to be more accountable and responsible with his words, and Bongino countered,  You didn t come into this with a clear and open mind! That s when Lemon lost it. Reacting to an unfathomable lack of logic, Lemon responded the way everyone should. The furious host went off: What you re saying right now makes no sense! I m sitting at home, I m watching Donald Trump. I have two ears and I have two eyes and I can see the reactions  We re not stupid!  You should be ashamed of yourself! Bongino yelled back at Lemon for talking to me as if I m a child!  and as Lemon criticized him for  lying , Bongino s temper tantrum got so bad that he yelled for the network to cut off his mic: You don t know crap about this, Don! You re a TV guy! I was a Secret Service Agent! Now cut off my mic! Do what you wanna do! Bongino s request was ignored, and Lemon (with the rest of the guests) spent the remaining segment trying to make Bongino understand why Trump s comments were so unsettling. The two men spent the show basically at each other s throats. Bongino continued to deny the fact that the Secret Service is actually taking this matter very seriously despite the evidence Lemon kept pointing out, and the CNN host became increasingly frustrated with Bongino s stupidity.You can watch Lemon unload on Bongino below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
5112, Martin Sheen Has The PERFECT Three Words To Describe Donald Trump,"For decades, it seemed, when the nation imagined a president, they imagined Martin Sheen. It s no wonder. He was once cast as John F. Kennedy, he starred in The American President and he spent seven years as the cerebral President Jeb Bartlett in The West Wing.In real life, Sheen has never served in office, but he is a political activist, he s a Clinton supporter and he has strong and brutal opinions about Donald Trump.Sheen was interviewed about Trump in the Hollywood Reporter. When asked about Trump, Sheen said:Oh, Don Trump. He makes me laugh, in that nobody seems to get it yet.That he s an empty headed moron. That he has absolutely nothing to offer us. That he s done his bidding and he has to be responsible for the damage he s already done. Empty Headed Moron  is perhaps the best description of Trump ever. It paints him as a man who doesn t deserve to be taken seriously, yet somehow is.The Hollywood Reporter countered that Trump is just a private citizen that he can t have yet done damage.Oh, come on. There s nothing private about this guy. Don Trump has been around for a very long time. He s a very self-centered promoter. I think that says it.He also called the billionaire  scary. Asked about Clinton, he said he was a supporter and all the talk of Benghazi and emails doesn t faze him at all:She has some common sense. I m not saying she s mistake-free. Who is? I mean, she s a human being. She s been in public life for 30 years. She s made a few mistakes. Is anybody talking about George Bush and the 30,000 emails he destroyed about the weapons of mass destruction in Iraq and all of that nonsense, and how Great Britain came in, and all the other allies knowing full well that it was bogus? So, please, if you want to talk about how much her mistakes have cost us, none in human lives   and please don t mention Benghazi. That s a lot of crap. She was not controlling that situation. It was a military situation. And that s run by the Pentagon or the CIA or both. She s under orders.He also called Benghazi  terrorism. Plain and simple. Terrorism. Sadly, the interview was done before Trump appeared to summon his supporters to assassinate Clinton. It s not hard to imagine that Sheen would have had even stronger words than  moron  and  dangerous. Featured image via Andrew Burton at Getty Images.",0
5113, Clinton Is Trouncing Trump In GOP Districts By Double Digits,"As Donald Trump continues to sink his political party due to his inability to be presidential (or seemingly human), it s been reported that the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has released internal polling from their campaign headquarters which shows one scary thing for Republicans: Hillary Clinton is beating Donald Trump (by double digits) in seven Republican congressional districts across the country.The districts are:Because Trump s unstable, asinine, and outrageous campaign, districts that have gone Republican for 30+ years (and weren t affected by the Obama wave in 2008) may turn blue this November, and it s all thanks to Donald J. Trump.It s still a steep climb for Democrats, who need to take back 30 seats to have a majority in the House and six in the Senate (which way more probable). But Democrats took 30 seats in 2006, so the idea isn t entirely far fetched.But there s only one sure way it will happen: Democrats come out and vote in presidential elections, and should they vote down-ticket, not only could the Senate be taken back, significant gains could be made in the House, allowing a Clinton presidency to have a Congress that works with her to get progressive policies pushed through.Featured image via Joe Readle/Getty Images",0
5114, Donald Trump Tries To Spin ‘Second Amendment’ Threat And Gets DESTROYED On Twitter,"Donald Trump really should have just apologized or kept his mouth shut.On Tuesday, Trump told a crowd in North Carolina that the only way to stop Hillary Clinton from nominating judges to the Supreme Court is for  Second Amendment  nuts to gun her down. Hillary wants to abolish, essentially abolish, the Second Amendment,  Trump said.  By the way, and if she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although the Second Amendment people, maybe there is, I don t know. The remark was bad enough that even the Secret Service was forced to respond, which is totally unprecedented.Trump has since been roundly criticized for the remarks but actually took to Twitter to do some serious spinning, going so far as to claim that he said something else entirely.Media desperate to distract from Clinton s anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 10, 2016But that is not what Trump said and Twitter users were not about to let the Republican nominee get away with such bullshit revisionism. .@realDonaldTrump what s it like to have so much cognitive dissonance that you can t say  I m sorry.  Clapping harder won t help you, champ.  Adam Mordecai (@advodude) August 10, 2016@realDonaldTrump You are a coward.  David Slack (@slack2thefuture) August 10, 2016 .@realDonaldTrump Actually, that s not what you said. Here s the video: https://t.co/2VfqpkS3LD  Lauren Duca (@laurenduca) August 10, 2016Just one problem: you didn t actually say any of those words in reality. https://t.co/qm6AbzWZlo @realDonaldTrump  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) August 10, 2016 @realDonaldTrump Why not be a grown-up and not say stuff in an ambiguous fashion and save the media from having to seek clarification?  Ralph Midnight (@Cooksphere) August 10, 2016@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/BqqZFKIGI6  Whiteboy7thst (@Whiteboy7thst) August 10, 2016 @realDonaldTrump no you didn t   I don t know if you heard about this technology called video but people can see what you said  The Mountain Goats (@mountain_goats) August 10, 2016@realdonaldtrump Not what you said. You said something should be done AFTER she s elected re: judges she can appoint. You re sick.  Mike Rundle (@flyosity) August 10, 2016 2nd amendment = right to bear arms so  2nd amendment people  bear arms  and you want them to do  something  about hillary @realDonaldTrump  antonio (@antoniodelotero) August 10, 2016@realDonaldTrump that s not what u said we all have ears and at ur rally tnite ppl were yelling kill her kill her ur a dengerous lunatic  griega1953 (@noula1953) August 10, 2016 @realDonaldTrump You re a bad man. pic.twitter.com/JXjF60cJOT  pourmecoffee (@pourmecoffee) August 10, 2016@realDonaldTrump No sir, you clearly said  if she picks her judges  that means she s ALREADY elected so you did not mean  get out the vote  Mike Garrigan (@MikeGarrigan23) August 10, 2016 @realDonaldTrump you re a full blown idiot.  Sarah Colonna (@sarahcolonna) August 10, 2016@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/ql3gHvns47  Declan Cashin (@Tweet_Dec) August 10, 2016 Unfit @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/p3idCG2jlK  Trump = Cheeto Jesus (@Blob_Fish) August 10, 2016@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/EuqzCGeiIT  SEAN O CONNOR (@seanoconnz) August 10, 2016 Does @realDonaldTrump speak his mind or does he have Turrets? @boycotkochbros #P2 #TCOT #PJNET @HouseGOP @SenateGOP pic.twitter.com/iL8Iqx6eYM  Fair and Balanced! (@The_Anti_Fox) August 10, 2016.@realDonaldTrump Excuse me, Mr. Trump, I think you dropped this   #TrumpWhistle #uspoli #cdnpoli #TrumpPence16 pic.twitter.com/uNNb5U7i4r  Fake Ezzie (@fakeezralevant) August 10, 2016The bottom line is that Donald Trump called for shooting Hillary Clinton and that s a felony that should result in his arrest. Republicans should be ashamed of themselves for making this guy the leader of their party.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
5115, Paul Ryan Gives The MOST DISAPPOINTING Response To Trump’s 2nd Amendment Comment (VIDEO),"Tuesday night was big for Speaker of The House Paul Ryan, who had a primary night victory. Of course, he couldn t celebrate or enjoy it because he was busy doing damage control on Trump s latest horrific controversy   the Republican nominee had actually called for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton to be assassinated earlier that day.At a press conference, Ryan was directly asked about what Trump had said regarding Second Amendment people  stopping the former Secretary of State from appointing liberal Supreme Court Justices and taking away their guns if she got elected. Ryan s response to Trump s inflammatory remarks was an epic fail on the GOP s part to maintain even the smallest bit of dignity and respect as Trump continues to ravage their party on a daily basis.First, Ryan insisted that he had no clue what Trump had said because he d apparently been too busy to hear about what had been dominating the news all day. And Ryan s reaction got even more disappointing as it went on. With his voice full of irritation, Ryan passed off Trump s suggestion that his followers shoot Clinton as a  joke gone bad!  Ryan said: It sounds like just a joke gone bad. I hope he clears it up very quickly. You shouldn t joke about something like that. And to top it off, Ryan once again turned down an opportunity to grow a spine and stand up to Trump and his dangerous, divisive campaign. Instead of condemning Trump for his comments as many top officials are doing, Ryan insisted that a President Trump would bring better receptivity of our agenda  than Clinton. Seriously, all Ryan cares about is furthering his bigot GOP values   even if it destroys America.You can watch Ryan bring to life the very definition of a coward in the clip below:Featured image via Darren Hauck / Getty Images",0
5116, Former CIA Chief DESTROYS Trump For Going 2nd Amendment On Hillary (VIDEO),"Just when you thought Donald Trump s constant stream of offensive comments had died down, he goes and calls for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to be shot.Trump s specific advice to his followers was, in the event that Clinton wins the election and can choose her own liberal Supreme Court Justices, that they should perhaps shoot her: Hillary wants to abolish   essentially abolish the Second Amendment. If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do folks. Though the second amendment folks, maybe there is   If a citizen had made a death threat like this against a government official, they would receive criminal charges   and Trump should be no different. Soon after those shocking words left Trump s mouth, the former head of the CIA went on CNN to drive the point home that Trump should not be given a free pass on this.In an interview with Jack Tapper, retired four-star general Michael Hayden made it perfectly clear that if anyone else had said this about the Second Amendment, they d be in hot water. Hayden said: If someone else had said that outside the hall, he d be in the back of a police wagon now with the Secret Service questioning him. Hayden recalled the advice that he used to give his seniors at the CIA: You re not just responsible for what you say. You are responsible for what people hear.  Then, he tore Trump a new one: That was more than a speed bump. That is actually a very arresting comment. It suggests either a very bad taste with reference to political assassination and an attempt at humor or an incredible insensitivity   it maybe the latter   an incredible insensitivity to the prevalence of political assassination inside of American history. That is a topic that we don t ever come close to, even when we think we are trying to be lighthearted. You can watch Hayden rip Trump apart in the segment below:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
5117," Dan Rather Breaks Objectivity, SHREDS Trump Over ‘Second Amendment’ Comments","Dan Rather, an often unbiased and objective presence in what was once credible media, has officially bucked his long-held objectivity and completely and utterly destroyed Donald Trump after his now infamous  Second Amendment  comment.Taking to Facebook, Rather, who has gone on the record questioning Trump s antics on the campaign trial, blasted the GOP nominee for directing threats at Hillary Clinton, saying his comments now  no longer about policy, civility, decency or even temperament,  but something more nefarious:No trying-to-be objective and fair journalist, no citizen who cares about the country and its future can ignore what Donald Trump said today. When he suggested that  The Second Amendment People  can stop Hillary Clinton he crossed a line with dangerous potential. By any objective analysis, this is a new low and unprecedented in the history of American presidential politics. This is no longer about policy, civility, decency or even temperament. This is a direct threat of viol ence against a political rival. It is not just against the norms of American politics, it raises a serious question of whether it is against the law. If any other citizen had said this about a Presidential candidate, would the Secret Service be investigating?Candidate Trump will undoubtedly issue an explanation; some of his surrogates are already engaged in trying to gloss it over, but once the words are out there they cannot be taken back. That is what inciting violence means.Rather is absolutely right. Had anyone else but Donald Trump said this, they would have been arrested and thoroughly interrogated, no questions asked.And Trump is already making up excuses. It was a joke. He meant more bodyguards and armed citizens. He meant protecting the Second Amendment in the Court. Yadda yadda yadda. More excuses from the candidate that  tells it like it is. For the people who like Trump because he speaks his mind, they certainly have to make excuses for what he says all the time.It s time the other media heads follow Rather and break this  objectivity  that stops them from criticizing Trump when he says something stupid. For too long the media has allowed him to get away with his insane rhetoric.Featured image Kirk Irwin/Getty Images",0
5118, Elizabeth Warren Just Ripped Trump To SHREDS After He Suggested Hillary Should Be Killed (TWEETS),"While at a rally in Wilmington, North Carolina, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump made a clear insinuation that  Second Amendment people  should take out Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton to keep her from becoming president and appointing Supreme Court Justices.Since his remarks, the internet has been set on fire with anger against the Republican candidate, and speaking her mind beautifully, yet again, was none other than the brilliant Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA).She quickly tweeted out after Trump s remarks: Donald Trump makes death threats because he s a pathetic coward who can t handle the fact that he s losing to a girl. Adding: Your reckless comments sound like a two-bit dictator, Donald Trump. Not a man who wants to lead the greatest democracy on the planet. .@realDonaldTrump makes death threats because he's a pathetic coward who can t handle the fact that he s losing to a girl.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) August 9, 2016Your reckless comments sound like a two-bit dictator, @realDonaldTrump. Not a man who wants to lead the greatest democracy on the planet.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) August 9, 2016Warren is exactly right. Trump was already a loose cannon, but since he s been losing dramatically against Clinton in the polls, he s been saying and doing even more horrendous things to try to get people to hate her. Now, even going so far to incite violence against a former FLOTUS, Senator, Secretary of State and fellow candidate.Trump should not only be called out for this horrendous behavior, but held accountable and investigated by the Secret Service for such atrocious remarks.Enough is enough, Trump is dangerous.Featured Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
5119, WATCH: Donald Trump Calls For Hillary Clinton To Be SHOT AND KILLED,"Donald Trump told his supporters to engage in gun violence during a campaign stop on Tuesday.Discussing the possibility that Hillary Clinton would be elected President and have the ability to choose Supreme Court Justices, Trump said: If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do folks. Though the second amendment folks, maybe there is   Rob Flaherty, part of the rapid response operation for the Clinton campaign asked,: Did Donald Trump just call for someone to shoot Hillary Clinton? The comments come as Trump has been hyping the conspiracy theory that the general election will be  rigged  by Clinton and the government. Many view those comments as an acknowledgement from Trump that nearly every single poll taken over the last few weeks shows him losing badly, both nationally and in key swing states like Pennsylvania and Ohio.Trump has repeatedly embraced conspiracy theories and fringe personalities since running for President, including the council of dirty trickster Roger Stone (who has accused the Clinton and Bush families of murder) and 9/11 truther Alex Jones.A few months ago, Trump bragged that he could shoot someone in the middle of the street and still be supported.The call for gun violence echoes that of Tea Party Senate candidate Sharron Angle, who proposed  2nd Amendment remedies  as the cure for liberalism in her 2010 race in Nevada. Angle was beaten in that election by Senator Harry Reid.The National Rifle Association has endorsed Trump, and is running a multi-million dollar ad campaign in favor of his presidential bid. By contrast, multiple groups involved in gun violence prevention have backed Hillary Clinton, who has vowed to fight the gun lobby if elected president. Gabrielle Giffords, subject of an attempted assassination, has endorsed Clinton and made a speech in favor of her campaign at the recent Democratic National Convention.Featured image via YouTube",0
5120, Trump Has A Fantastic ‘New’ Plan To Win Back Votes (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is hemorrhaging Republican supporters faster than his casinos hemorrhage money. He s losing in almost all polls, including in many swing and Republican states, but to Trump, that means stay the course.Republicans in the public eye are making a very public appeal to Americans, asking everyone to support Hillary Clinton, mostly for one major reason: Trump doesn t have the temperament for the presidency.Americans agree. After a disastrous two weeks following the Republican National Convention, where Trump attacked a Gold Star Family, took a Purple Heart from its recipient and lied about ransom money being handed to Iran, his poll numbers are tanking. He s now behind by double digits. Did I mention he also ejected a baby from a rally?It s even gotten to the point where many serious people, including President Obama, are questioning Trump s mental fitness. That s not something political opponents typically speculate about, but Trump is clearly an exception.Yes, Trump is having a really, really bad time, but to him, that means nothing. After all, he s gotten this far being a xenophobic asshole. Why let a sinking ship tempt him to plug the holes in his campaign? Trump, naturally, disagrees with his critics: I think that my temperament has gotten me here,  Trump said during a phone interview on Fox Business s  Mornings with Maria. We beat a lot of people in the primaries and now we have one person left, and we re actually doing pretty well there, but we ll see how it all comes out,  the Republican presidential nominee said. I certainly don t think it s appropriate to start changing all of a sudden when you ve been winning,  Trump said.  I think it s going to work out well. Source: The HillHere s the video:The only real pivot coming from the Trump campaign is that he s trying to sound like Bernie Sanders. He accuses all the Republicans turning against him of being  insiders,  whose opinions shouldn t matter to Trump s angry anti-establishment voters.Trump s refusal to acknowledge that he needs to win a broader support only adds fuel to the fire of the idea that he s unprepared for the presidency. He won 14 million votes during the primaries, which is a lot for primaries, but it s not even a drop in the bucket for the general election, where more than 10 times that many people will likely vote. If Trump has a chance in hell of winning, he has to tone down his rhetoric, not that we re cheering for that.Featured image via Joe Readle at Getty Images. ",0
5121, WATCH: Fox Women SHRED Male Colleague For Calling Trump The ‘Ultimate Feminist’,"Even the women of Fox News refuse to buy Trump s bullshit claim that he is a feminist.That why when Fox Business contributor Bernard McGuirk referred to the Republican nominee as the  ultimate feminist  on Tuesday all four women of Outnumbered immediately lit him up for it.Fox host Sandra Smith asked if Senator Susan Collins  refusal to endorse Donald Trump will hurt him even more among women, a demographic Trump is struggling to gain support from because he has repeatedly attacked them throughout his campaign and has generally treated them like shit his entire life.Indeed, Trump thinks that women are objects who are nothing more than sexual conquests and incubators.Nevertheless, McGuirk still had the gall to declare that Trump is a feminist because he attacks men and women equally, which drew the ire of the four female hosts around him. If a woman attacks Donald Trump, he ll attack her back just like he would with a man!  McGuirk continued.  He doesn t look at her as a delicate little flower. We can t you let you get away with that,  Smith said before Meghan McCain gave McGuirk a piece of her mind, informing McGuirk that Trump desperately needs women right now more than he needs white men. Facts are a stubborn thing. He s doing very poorly with women, specifically college educated women, which is a demographic that normally just easy for Republicans to scoop up. He s got you, Bernard, he needs me. He needs Sandra. I like you, I respect you. In all fairness, it s directed at us! It s not directed at you. He s already got white men. McCain and her fellow hosst were particularly outraged by McGuirk s claim because Trump has relentlessly attacked New Hampshire Senator Kelly Ayotte for criticizing his attacks on a Gold Star family who lost their American soldier son when he sacrificed his life to save his fellow brothers-in-arms. I don t know Kelly Ayotte,  Trump said.  I know she s given me no support   zero support   and yet I m leading her in the polls. I m doing very well in New Hampshire. We need loyal people in this country. We need fighters in this country. We don t need weak people. We have enough of them. Clearly, Trump attacked a woman for rightly standing up to him rather than admit he was wrong.One Fox host concluded that Trump may be an  equal opportunity attacker  but that doesn t make him a feminist.Here s the video via YouTube.And women overwhelmingly agree, which is why over 70 percent of women view Trump unfavorably and why Hillary Clinton is poised to win the women vote by an even larger margin than President Obama did in 2012.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5122, Anti-Gay Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore To Stand Trial For Defying Supreme Court,"There are consequences for defying a Supreme Court ruling, and Roy Moore is about to find that out the hard way.When the Supreme Court ruled in June 2015 that same-sex marriage is legal, Alabama conservatives lost their sh*t over it, especially Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore.Moore issued an order to all probate judges in the state to deny marriage certificates and ceremonies to same-sex couples and repeatedly insisted that rulings made by federal courts don t trump the state constitution.Moore s actions drew comparisons to former Alabama governor George Wallace, who infamously refused to obey desegregation orders handed down from the U.S. Supreme Court in Brown v. Board of Education. Wallace literally blocked a doorway into the University of Alabama to prevent African-American students from enrolling. It took the U.S. Deputy Attorney General and federal marshals, plus President Kennedy s threat to send in the U.S. Army s 2nd Infantry Division, to force Wallace to step aside. Now, Roy Moore is trying to block same-sex couples from entering courthouse doorways.And for defying the highest court in the land, Moore has not only been booted off the bench via suspension for ethics violations, he s about to stand trial.On Monday, the Alabama Court of the Judiciary rejected Moore s effort to get the charges against him dismissed and ordered him to stand trial in September.And like many crazy conservatives, Moore lashed out by accusing the Southern Poverty Law Center of being the power behind the charges made by the Alabama Judicial Inquiry Commission. They re the ones who hired the prosecutor, they re the ones that brought the case for the second time,  Moore claimed.  They don t want anybody opposing the agenda of the homosexual movement. That s what they don t want. Of course, the SPLC is actually not involved so Moore is clearly trying to blame everyone except himself. He s the one who failed as a judge for not carrying out the ruling of a higher court. He s the one who tried to impose his own extreme religious beliefs onto the people of Alabama instead of obeying the United States Constitution, which gives the Supreme Court the final say on what is constitutional or not.SPLC president Richard Chen easily smacked Moore down in a statement. We ve said it many times, he acts as if he is the Ayatollah of Alabama. Instead he is an elected state judge required to follow the oath of his office, which makes federal law supreme, whether he likes it or not. It is unseemly and it is dishonest. Alabama is a great state and deserves better than a chief justice who thinks he is the law unto himself. Roy Moore should be ashamed of himself and the people of Alabama should be ashamed that they ever elected such a lunatic to head their state s highest court. This man should never have been allowed to be a judge and he should be removed for denying gay people the same full rights and privileges that straight Americans enjoy even after the Supreme Court made their landmark ruling.Featured Image: Facebook ",0
5123, Former GOP EPA Chiefs Endorse Clinton: Trump Would ‘Set The World Back Decades’,"Two Republican former Environmental Protection Agency chiefs are warning that a Trump presidency would not only  set the world back decades,  but could also be a direct threat to the environmental legacies of presidents Ronald Reagan, Richard Nixon, and George H.W. Bush. As a result, they have decided to back Hillary Clinton rather than the Republican nominee.William D. Ruckelshaus and William K. Reilly issued a statement on Tuesday announcing their endorsement of Clinton.Republicans have a long history of support for the environment dating back to Theodore Roosevelt. Donald Trump threatens to destroy that legacy of respect for the environment and protection of public health,  the statement read.Ruckelshaus was EPA administrator under both Reagan and Nixon. Reilly served under Bush. They both praised the environmental policies of the administrations they had worked under but said Trump doesn t have the slightest clue. Donald Trump has shown a profound ignorance of science and of the public health issues embodied in our environmental laws,  they said.  He hasn t a clue about Republicans  historic contributions to science-driven environmental policy. The former EPA heads also slammed Trump for his claim that climate change, which they called  the singular health and environmental threat to the world today,  is nothing more that a  hoax. It  flies in the face of overwhelming international science and the public conviction and commitment of almost 200 national governments that adopted the Paris Agreement on climate change in December 2015,  they said, pointing out that their  leadership was essential to that agreement. To back away now, as Trump wants to do, would set the world back decades years we could never recover. The young people in this country deserve far better than that as our legacy,  they addedThey wrote that Clinton, on the other hand, acknowledges climate change as the threat that it is and is concerned about protecting the environment. She is committed to reasonable, science-based policy to meet those challenges,  the men wrote. For us, there is simply no choice in this election,  they concluded.  We Republicans should be shocked, outraged even, at the prospect that all this progress, this legacy will be repudiated and rolled back by Donald Trump. This is a hugely consequential election; the stakes are that high. That is why as Republicans, we support Hillary Clinton for President. Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5124, Donald Trump Gets Hilariously Mocked For Making Ridiculous Accusation Against Hillary,"Donald Trump just doesn t know how to keep his mouth shut and he continues to receive the mockery he deserves.On Monday night, the Republican nominee accused Hillary Clinton of being to blame for the recent execution of Iranian spy Shahram Amiri, who gave information about Iran s nuclear program to the CIA.Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton s hacked emails.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 8, 2016He directly mentioned Hillary Clinton s email as the reason why Amiri was killed, but the New York Times notes: Among the side players was Hillary Clinton, the secretary of state, who said as Mr. Amiri was returning to Iran:  He s free to go. He was free to come. Those decisions are his alone to make. Some of her emails, made public last year during the controversy over her private email server, show that her top foreign policy aide warned her that the story was about to break, but they give little insight into what happened behind the scenes.In short, Amiri chose to return to Iran even though he was warned that doing so could result in his death. Hillary s emails had nothing to do with his demise.But Trump made the accusation anyway and Twitter users were swift in dealing out mockery with the hashtag #ManyPeopleAreSaying. @realDonaldTrump many people are saying you re in NAMBLA https://t.co/iGCvUmoFbw  drew summerbaby (@raisedinthecity) August 8, 2016@realDonaldTrump Many people are saying that you won t release your taxes because they show your donations to the pedophile group NAMBLA.  JoeMyGod (@JoeMyGod) August 8, 2016 #manypeoplearesaying that here s a guy who always got a trophy as a kid. @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/kFhqHLQYCj  KevinFox (@KevinGFox) August 9, 2016#ManyPeopleAreSaying That Either Babies Can Sense Evil, Or They Are Frightened By Tiny Hands @TrumpHandsPAC @suekhi pic.twitter.com/ol8OLdDsAq  Allan Margolin (@AllanMargolin) August 9, 2016 RT @RoemerGail @Clarknt67: #ManyPeopleAreSaying the Trumps are out of touch with the working class. pic.twitter.com/kme1WpkdIx  Dr Kelly Sennholz (@MtnMD) August 9, 2016#ManyPeopleAreSaying that this GIF is teh awesome pic.twitter.com/8aPtu2W2DZ  dieswaytoofast (@dieswaytoofast) August 9, 2016 #ManyPeopleAreSaying the Trumps are the Beverly Hillbillies of Manhattan pic.twitter.com/nR6hQWlmm0  Karen J (@KaJo503) August 9, 2016#ManyPeopleAreSaying that @HillaryClinton didn t short circuit because this is what a short circuit looks like. pic.twitter.com/MsJ79EKA5Q  Evolved Chimp (@RUFfnKiddingMe) August 9, 2016 #ManyPeopleAreSaying Interesting that a guy who owned casinos complains about contests being rigged.  Harold Itzkowitz (@HaroldItz) August 9, 2016#ManyPeopleAreSaying @realDonaldTrump never made a real sacrifice in his life pic.twitter.com/pfbWk1P7l5  David Samples (@NatureGuy101) August 9, 2016 #ManyPeopleAreSaying @realDonaldTrump Destroyed The Republican Party pic.twitter.com/zcjAHiXpYl  Laurel Davila, CPA (@laureldavilacpa) August 9, 2016Again, Donald Trump should really just stop talking and tweeting.Featured Image: Sara D. Davis/Getty Images",0
5125, Noam Chomsky BEGS Americans To Elect Clinton And Save The Planet From Trump (VIDEO),"World-renowned political theorist and activist Noam Chomsky has made his feelings about Donald Trump very publicly known when he openly called Trump a  clown  a few months ago   and his message to America is now more urgent than ever.In a piece posted on AlterNet, Chomsky speaks directly to progressives in swing states that aren t fond of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton or Trump. Chomsky himself isn t completely pro-Hillary   he is actually quite critical of her on certain things like foreign policy   but he makes an eight-point argument that Trump is such a danger to this country, progressives would be smart to vote for the  lesser evil. In fact, Chomsky flat-out says that voting for Clinton could very well save the planet because Trump is such a major threat to not only Americans, but the entire world. In his piece, Chomsky points out that on the subject of climate change alone, Trump is deadly. He said: One of these candidates, Trump, denies the existence of global warming, calls for increasing use of fossil fuels, dismantling of environmental regulations and refuses assistance to India and other developing nations as called for in the Paris agreement, the combination of which could, in four years, take us to a catastrophic tipping point. And Chomsky hadn t even addressed the fact that Trump continuously insults other countries, doesn t have an ounce of empathy in his bones, and is not emotionally stable enough to be trusted with the codes to nuclear weapons. However, Chomsky s major take-away here is that in this election, Americans shouldn t see voting as a moral act   at this point, we need to do whatever we can to prevent a devastating outcome: Trump in the White House. Chomsky wrote: Voting should not be viewed as a form of personal self-expression or moral judgement directed in retaliation towards major party candidates who fail to reflect our values, or of a corrupt system designed to limit choices to those acceptable to corporate elites. Chomsky reached out to progressives in particular when he said: The left should also recognize that, should Trump win based on its failure to support Clinton, it will repeatedly face the accusation (based in fact), that it lacks concern for those sure to be most victimized by a Trump administration. You can read Chomsky s entire piece here. This of course, is hardly the first time Chomsky has urged Americans to come to their senses about Trump. You can watch the famed linguist talk about Trump at length in the video below:Featured image via William B. Plowman and Scott Eisen / Getty Images",0
5126, WATCH: Batsh*t Crazy Christian ‘Patriot’ Threatens ISIS-Like Harm To Texas Mosque,"An Islamophobic sack of monkey turds called a mosque in Watauga, Texas, to threaten them with beheadings and tell them to get out of America. This is a person who obviously believes that all Muslims hate America, because he said: F**k you, f**k Muhammad, f**k Islam. This is America. If you don t like the way we do s**t, get the f**k out.We ll start just cutting off the heads of all of you m*******rs. Huh? How would you like that? Maybe we need another Christian crusade, which I think we do. There is nothing to say to this but,  Wow. Just wow.  This person seems to want revenge on terrorist groups by harming innocent Muslim Americans. ISIS regularly beheads people for all kinds of reasons, and it s true that Christians in Syria, Libya and Iraq are in danger from ISIS. That makes people like this caller want to hold all Muslims responsible.Listen to some of his unhinged ranting below (warning: explicit language):This is someone who s apparently an Army veteran in addition to a Christian, and no doubt considers himself a paragon of patriotism for this. Like other right-wing nutjobs who ve served, he doesn t understand that one of the things for which he served was freedom of religion, even religions with which he disagrees.Oh, but wait, these kinds of unhinged right-wing nuts think that freedom of religion only applies to Christianity, and maybe Judaism. Islam? They can go sit on rocks and rotate in these people s eyes.The mosque, sadly, regularly receives calls from bigots who buy into the right s narrative of hate and fear. They ve never received a phone call this extreme, though, and they decided to report it to both the Watauga police and the FBI. The truth is that someone who s this far gone is capable of anything.It s a sickening, but growing, problem, fanned by the likes of Donald Trump and Ted Cruz.In addition to alerting authorities, this mosque has issued a challenge to the population of their town: Come down to the masjid and visit and meet Muslims and people, and talk to us, and see what s going on. We re just normal people who want to worship, practice our first amendment, worship freely without threat of violence. The hate is born of willful ignorance, and this mosque is right that getting to know them can go a long way towards alleviating fear. The fearful, cowering masses that include this nutboy, though, will never do that. They thrive on their hate. They love their fear. It makes them feel righteous. Mosques and Muslims are in danger from these people. Here s hoping this bigot gets caught.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
5127, Elizabeth Warren Shreds Donald Trump’s Pathetic Economic ‘Plan’,"On Monday, Donald Trump unveiled his much anticipated and long waited economic  plan  that was, as everyone could guess, wasn t much of a plan.After being advised for a week from an elite billionaire team of advisors (including six guys named Steve), Trump had little to show for his efforts.In what cleverly disguised as a plan to benefit the middle and low class who have been left behind, one didn t have to look too hard to see what it was: a gift bag of benefits for the rich and the most powerful corporations.And there is one person who is the perfect watchdog to pick apart Trump and his absurdities, the person who truly gets under his skin: Elizabeth Warren.Taking to Twitter, Warren knocked some truth into what is being hailed as Trump s  comeback  in the campaign:.@realDonaldTrump s econ plan was written by rich corporate insider advisors to make the economy even greater for rich corporate insiders.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) August 8, 2016  Cut regulations massively,  @realDonaldTrump? No rules & no accountability means people get ripped off & markets blow up. Remember 2008?  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) August 8, 2016A  moratorium  on agency regulations means stopping new rules on shady payday lenders & too-big-to-fail banks, @realDonaldTrump.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) August 8, 2016 W/o rules, @realDonaldTrump, too many huge banks juiced profits by cheating ppl on mortgages, credit cards, etc, then crashed our economy.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) August 8, 2016Cheating customers & gaming the system might be your business, @realDonaldTrump, but it s not the way America is going to do business.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) August 8, 2016 And taxes? @realDonaldTrump wants billionaires & giant corps to pay EVEN LESS   so there s less money for ed, infrastructure & research.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) August 8, 2016Even @realDonaldTrump s childcare plan gives billionaires w/ a nanny a tax break while millions of low-income households get nothing.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) August 8, 2016 .@realDonaldTrump s economics plan is all about helping rich guys like Donald Trump get richer   & leaving everyone else behind.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) August 8, 2016The American people aren t dumb, @realDonaldTrump. We don t trust you with our nuclear codes AND we don t trust you with our economy.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) August 8, 2016Classic Elizabeth Warren, being the lioness in the Senate who looks out for the average Joe.The fact that any Republican can call for a moratorium on the regulations that protect consumers (to make sure the crash of 2008 wouldn t happen again) is insulting to every American.From George W. Bush s push to privatize Social Security, to Paul Ryan s Medicare budget, to Trump s new economic plan, Republicans have been trying to dupe, cheat and weaken the American middle class.Luckily we have politicians like Hillary Clinton and Elizabeth Warren who will call out the economic fallacies being peddled by the extreme right.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5128, Another Prominent Republican Declares: ‘I Will Not Be Voting For Donald Trump’,"Donald Trump s Republican issue just got a lot harder. After 50 prominent Republican security expert denounced the Republican nomine as a threat to national security, a GOP member of the United States Senate has finally, after much speculation, come out and said what s music to every Democrats  ears.Susan Collins, a moderate member of the GOP from Maine, has come out and pledged that she will not be voting for nor endorsing Donald Trump, after months of withholding an endorsement pending a change of heat from the presidential nominee. Talking to reporters, Collins said plainly:I will not be voting for Donald Trump for president. This is not a decision I make lightly, for I am a lifelong Republican. But Donald Trump does not reflect historical Republican values nor the inclusive approach to governing that is critical to healing the divisions in our country.While touching on Trump (and Bernie Sanders ) resonating campaigns that struck a nerve with millions of Americans who feel disenfranchised, Collins ultimately came to conclude that Trump  rejecting the conventions of political correctness is different from showing complete disregard for common decency  by  shedding the stilted campaign dialogue  has left her with no other option.One major reason Collins decided to back out of endorsing Trump was his attack on military personnel and their families, like her colleague John McCain.To Collins, Trump isn t just advocating for an abolition of political correctness, he s engaging in a full on assault on decency. And it s that boisterous arrogance that is turning off millions of decent, honest, Lincoln-Republicans like Collins.Collins joins her Independent colleague Angus King is deciding to forgo a Trump endorsement, representing a state that traditionally goes Democratic in presidential elections. Collins is also now the second Republican in the Senate to come out and refuse to support Trump indefinitely, no contingencies.Thank you, Senator Collins, for standing up to Trump and his bigoted, shameful scam of a candidacy. And special thanks for standing up the bully pulpit used by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who has been desperately trying to herd his sheep of senators to get behind Trump.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5129, 50 Top Republicans Pen BRUTAL Letter Warning Trump Would Be A National Security Disaster,"Donald Trump is nigh-universally recognized as a walking, talking, national security disaster. From The Donald s promise to our allies that we can t be trusted if he becomes President, to his threat to essentially throw out the Iran nuclear deal by modifying it until it is meaningless, to his almost salivating over the thought of pushing the  big red button  and unleashing our nuclear arsenal on, presumably, the first world leader to make him angry on Twitter, The Donald has succeeded in getting himself ranked as one of the top 10 global security risks.It s gotten to the point that fifty top Republican officials have now signed a letter acknowledging that Trump would put at risk our country s national security and well-being.  According to these Republicans, many of whom were top aides or cabinet members for George W. Bush (so they are well aware that a President can be a top national security risk), Trump lacks the character, values and experience  to be President and that he would be the most reckless president in American history.  The NY Times reports:The letter says Mr. Trump would weaken the United States  moral authority and questions his knowledge of and belief in the Constitution. It says he has  demonstrated repeatedly that he has little understanding  of the nation s  vital national interests, its complex diplomatic challenges, its indispensable alliances and the democratic values  on which American policy should be based. And it laments that  Mr. Trump has shown no interest in educating himself. None of us will vote for Donald Trump,  the letter states, though it notes later that many Americans  have doubts about Hillary Clinton, as do many of us. Among the most prominent signatories are Michael V. Hayden, a former director of both the C.I.A. and the National Security Agency; John D. Negroponte, who served as the first director of national intelligence and then deputy secretary of state; and Robert B. Zoellick, another former deputy secretary of state, United States trade representive and, until 2012, president of the World Bank. Two former secretaries of homeland security, Tom Ridge and Michael Chertoff, also signed, as did Eric S. Edelman, who served as Vice President Dick Cheney s national security adviser and as a top aide to Robert M. Gates when he was secretary of defense.Robert Blackwill and James Jeffrey, two key strategists in Mr. Bush s National Security Council, and William H. Taft IV, a former deputy secretary of defense and ambassador to NATO, also signed. He is unable or unwilling to separate truth from falsehood,  the letter says.  He does not encourage conflicting views. He lacks self-control and acts impetuously. He cannot tolerate personal criticism. He has alarmed our closest allies with his erratic behavior. All of these are dangerous qualities in an individual who aspires to be president and commander in chief, with command of the U.S. nuclear arsenal. Many of the signatories declined to add their names to a similar letter in March, but say Trump s promise that Russia would be  rewarded  for hacking his political enemies and his vow to be selective with which allies we defend caused many to change their minds.John B. Bellinger III, who served as Ms. Rice s legal adviser at the National Security Council and the State Department and who drafted the letter, says that  some  of the signers  will vote for  Clinton, and some will not vote, but all agree Trump is not qualified and would be dangerous. Trump indeed would be dangerous, not just to our allies but to average Americans thanks to his proposed Muslim ban and his unabashed attempts to prop up the Ku Klux Klan by warmly embracing their support   among, of course, other things.You can read the full letter below:  Donald Trump National Security Letter by German Lopez on ScribdFeatured image via Getty Images/Scott Eisen",0
5130, Trump Just Got Punked HARD For His Acceptance Of A Purple Heart,"Trump s acceptance of a Purple Heart, and his saying that he d always wanted one of those, really pissed off a lot of people considering that the way one actually earns a Purple Heart is to be wounded in action. Cameron Kerr, a (true) Purple Heart recipient, decided to start a satirical GoFundMe page in response to Trump s sheer gall.The page, called  Help Trump Get a Purple Heart,  explains that the money raised doesn t actually help Trump do anything. Instead, Kerr has every penny going to help Syrian refugees   a group of people that Trump says we can t vet and is a huge Trojan Horse of terrorists.Kerr said: As with seemingly everything else in his life, Mr. Trump got one handed to him instead of earning it. That being said, as a Purple Heart recipient [proof ] who earned one the old-fashioned way by returning from Afghanistan one leg lighter, I fully endorse his desire to earn one and would happily oblige his interest in doing so, by being one of the first to chip in to fly him to the conflict zone of his choosing. After all, you re never too old to follow your dreams.  [emphasis in source]Since Kerr can t actually accomplish that, he is, instead, turning one of Trump s biggest insults to those who serve and sacrifice into something positive. Let s face it, if Trump hates it, helping it is probably positive. The groups to which the money goes are all vetted, so donors know that their money actually is going towards its intended cause. If Trump knew, he d probably have a conniption because his name is tied to this.The money is going to three different groups:In short, Kerr found a way to turn Trump s insults, dullness and hatred into something good. It s such a crying shame Trump won t be able to earn a Purple Heart the right way, is it not? However, he can help Syrians escape their war-torn land, even if he doesn t realize he s doing it. Joke s on him.Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5131, Conservatives Are Practically Ecstatic Over The Idea That Hillary Clinton Is Sick (VIDEO/SCREENSHOTS),"With nothing of substance to go on, conservatives have recently decided that the best way to  prove  Hillary Clinton is unfit to be President is to concern-troll her health. On Monday, right-wing garbage pit Zero Hedge published an article that postulates that Hillary Clinton is not healthy enough to be President because of a photograph that began making the rounds on right-wing websites over the weekend.NORTH CHARLESTON, SC   FEBRUARY 24: Democratic Presidential candidate, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton slips as she walks up the stairs into the non-profit SC Strong, a 2 year residential facility that helps former felons, substance abusers, and homeless move into self-sufficiency February 24, 2016 in North Charleston. The South Carolina Democratic Presidential Primary is held on February 27. (Photo by Mark Makela/Getty Images)This recent rash of attacks on Clinton for the photograph, which shows her being helped up the stairs after she slipped in February, is being presented as something recent   and certainly not as a simple stumble on the stairs. This desperate attempt to malign Clinton has, in the short time since the photo s publication, become so downright insane that Glenn Beck s  The Blaze  was forced to step in and be the voice of reason:However, despite the photo s date, conservative outlets and blogs ran with the  shock photo  to showcase the  questionable health condition  of the former secretary of state in stories dated Sunday, Aug. 7.The Drudge Report even bannered the images on its site Sunday night with links of years when Clinton has supposedly fallen. Mediaite reported that the other links on the Drudge Report homepage included a YouTube video of Clinton stumbling as she boarded Air Force One in 2011 and a New York Times story about her treatment for a blood clot in 2013.Despite that idiotic speculations about Clinton s health have officially become too insane for The Blaze, the right wing has adopted them whole-hog. Another rumor the Stupid Part of America is using to support this insane theory spawned from a photograph of Clinton slipping on a stair accuses her of having  seizures  on camera.  ZeroHedge posted random photos of Clinton coughing over the years, claiming that  Hillary has at multiple times had convulsions that appear to be seizures on camera, including a series of seemingly inexplicable coughing fits. And then there was her on-camera  seizure  that wasn t a seizure: A frequently referenced video, shown below, alleging that Hillary may have seizure-like conditions emerged several weeks ago and has so far failed to lead to a conclusive explanation whether Hillary may have ongoing health problems and potential residual aftereffects from a blood clot in her brain sustained three years ago. ZeroHedge published a choppy GIF with no sound and multiple rewinds in an effort to deceive their really, really stupid readers into believing it was actually a seizure. The actual video shows Clinton was using exaggerated facial expressions to feign surprise when she was asked if she had spoken to Elizabeth Warren about the Vice Presidency.After her exaggerated reaction, which drew laughter from those surrounding her, Clinton suggested that people try the chai, holding up her cup. Snopes noted last month that: Notably, rumors that Clinton was captured on camera undergoing a seizure didn t start circulating until well over a month later, when they were presented without any evidence beyond uninformed speculation. But, hey, why not completely misrepresent it to cause conservatives to speculate about her health? Their other baseless attacks aren t working anyway. They re even speculating about Clinton s  handler,  who appeared on stage with Secret Service when a recent rally was interrupted by protesters. The man told her to  keep talking  and assured her that the protesters would be handled.Secret Service agents walk on stage during Hillary Clinton rally https://t.co/Btp1na4Pxt  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) August 4, 2016ZeroHedge informs us that the man might be a doctor (completely without evidence) who may or may not carry something that resembles a Diazepam pen for Hillary Clinton s alleged seizures.Since these accusations are baseless at best, they are quite popular with ZeroHedge s readers:                 Sorry, conservatives, but you have shown no evidence that there is need to question Hillary s health. Back to the drawing board, I guess.Featured image via Mark Makela/Getty Images (modified)",0
5132, BREAKING: Melania Trump May Have Lied That She’s Never Been Married,"After the release of nude pictures, that might have been meant as a distraction from Trump s disastrous two weeks beginning with the Democratic National Convention, it s been revealed that Melania Trump may have been modeling without proper documentation. In other words, she *gasp* may have been an illegal immigrant. Now, it appears as there have been more very strange things happening with Melania s immigration status. She might have married another American just four years before becoming Mrs. Trump.The story was broken by Univision, proving that taking away reporter access can backfire on a candidate. They claim that an immigration attorney who worked for the Trump Organization said Melania obtained a green card  based on marriage  in 2001. That was four years before she married Trump.But, Michael Wildes, an immigration attorney who worked for the Trump Organization, told Univision s investigative unit that she obtained a green card four years earlier in 2001,  based on marriage. Melania and Donald Trump were not married until Jan. 22, 2005 at Bethesda-by-the Sea Episcopal Church in Palm Beach, Florida.Wildes asked the Trump campaign for more, and so far, crickets.When asked to explain the marriage discrepancy, Wildes said he would seek clarification, presumably from the Trump Organization. He later sent an email saying  I didn t hear back, sorry. Wildes is someone who should know. He was the immigration attorney for Trump s models and for the Miss Universe pageant when it was run by Trump. According to Univision, he s not a defector from Trump, in fact, he was authorized by the Trump campaign to speak on their behalf.Still, Wildes says there are some things he can t discuss because of privacy issues.The Clinton campaign, officially, anyway, is refusing to make anything of this story. One former federal prosecutor, who is a Hillary supporter said that it s all  moot and ridiculous. Here s the video:The Clinton supporter is essentially right, but it does point to complete hypocrisy from the Trump campaign. Trump doesn t care about immigration issues. He never has. Trump almost prefers to hire immigrants over Americans, and well, his marriage history proves that he prefers his wives come from elsewhere. I m sure Democrats would be happy to drop the issue if, in exchange, we received a little intellectual honesty from the Trump campaign. Instead, Trump will continue bashing immigrants, and even people born in America to immigrant parents, while going home at night to a woman who very well might be one of the  illegal immigrants  Trump and his supporters love to rant about.",0
5133, Even Fox News Is Slamming Trump’s ‘Dangerous’ Rigged Election Talk,"Donald Trump is so far-out and detached from reality that even Fox News has had enough. After declaring, three months out, that the election will be rigged to favor  crooked  Hillary Clinton, the public knew exactly what was going on   Trump is already preparing for a loss.But even though Trump has shown he can t lose with grace, media outlets are not letting him get away with the insane assertion that an entire national election, which requires the participation of all 50 states to work, will somehow be  stolen  from him.And Fox News may have delivered the most brutal smackdown of this assertion.In a recent op-ed, Julie Roginsky, who runs a crisis management firm, slammed Trump for lacking the  patriotism to put his country and its institutions ahead of his own ego  and delegitimizing the American electoral process:Never in modern history has the loser of a presidential election challenged the legitimacy of our national elections.  Even in these times of unprecedented partisan rancor, candidates have put partisanship aside in the interest of patriotism and national unity.  What has separated the United States from third-world nations is our fundamental faith in our institutions and the belief that our laws supersede political strife.This week, Donald Trump changed all that.  Even before the first vote has been cast, he informed Sean Hannity that our electoral process was fundamentally illegitimate, that our democracy was as subject to political whims as that of Putin s Russia or Mugabe s Zimbabwe.Over 240 years of a nation that prides itself on fair, open and honest elections, crapped on in one minute by a racist reality-T.V. star. All that work, that bipartisanship and good-spirited nature, gone, because the fat, orange blob said so.While giving no evidence as to how, and citing the often debunked claims of voter fraud, Trump is successfully convincing his base that he s such a winner that if he loses, it must be because the states and the party elite are in bed for Hillary Clinton (even though multiple polls have her beating Trump by over 10 points). He s even successfully convincing his supporters that the United States is a corrupt entity, with a secret group of elites who enforce a dictatorship-like approach when determining who wins presidential elections.This is why  citizen presidents  like Trump and Jill Stein are so damaging to our electoral process   everyone is crooked but them.Roginsky then drew a parallel between the great Al Gore and Trump:Despite being urged by many of his supporters to keep fighting during the Florida recount in 2000, Vice President Al Gore conceded the election to Governor George W. Bush in the interest of national unity, stating that,  [T]onight, for the sake of our unity as a people and the strength of our democracy, I offer my concession. George W. Bush s election was certified by a Republican secretary of state in Florida, where his brother was then governor.And with a conservative Supreme Court handing the victory to Bush, still Gore did not complain one iota. He accepted the results, and was poised like a real leader should be   disappointed, but supportive of our institutions.Trump is completely inept, and the fact he s already preparing for a loss (which he calls rigged) shows that he has failed to grasp how America s most sacred institutions work.Featured image via Scott Eisen/Getty Images",0
5134, You Really Don’t Want To Miss Trump Talking About ‘Titties’ In Detroit (VIDEO),"If you ve never watched Donald Trump read off a teleprompter, you re really not missing out on anything. Part of what makes Trump, well, Trump, is the fact that he s so off the cuff and could literally say anything at any moment.However, when his campaign team and the Republican party rallies around him to actually appear to be a serious candidate and deliver actually policy messages, you ll see Trump awkwardly use the teleprompter. He reads from it like a teenager reading Shakespeare during English class in high school. He knows that the words he s saying mean something, but he himself actually has no idea what he s saying.So, because he s just reading without any concept of the topic he s talking about there are bound to be missteps, awkward moments, and things he just says absolutely incorrectly, be it a name, city, or the actual word  cities. In fact, during Trump s recent  economic  speech in Detroit, Michigan, he talks about cutting regulations, because really, who needs safe products? He also wants to bring jobs and wealth back into  titties  like Detroit. Yes, titties, not cities.Now, this slip of the tongue on any other candidate can easily be look past, but not for Trump, a man who s built his career around, well, titties. So, it s easy to say that we now know what s truly on Trump s mind, and it s not U.S. economic growth.Watch the moment here:Featured image via video screen capture Crooks and Liars",0
5135, #NeverTrump GOPers Demand Emergency RNC Meeting In Last Ditch Effort To Unseat Trump,"The #NeverTrump GOP delegates are a determined bunch. They tried tirelessly to change the rules of the Republican National Convention to keep Donald Trump from officially becoming their standard-bearer. When the rule change was shot down, chaos ensued on the convention floor in Cleveland s Quicken Loans Arena as they demanded a roll call vote, which was also denied. This resulted in a walkout by the Colorado delegation, and, of course, the great Orange One was officially given the banner of the party to carry that Thursday night. Most people assumed that the  Free the Delegates  group was done after this. Nothing could be further from the truth, though.This same group of people is now calling for an emergency meeting of the Republican National Committee as they launch yet another sure-to-fail effort to dump Trump. It bears noting that this likely is mostly an effort to continue making noise, to show the RNC and the American public that the entire GOP is not like Donald Trump. The proposed purpose for the meeting is to lay out the law about how the RNC could go about defying the will of the Republican primary voters and get rid of Trump. They will be particularly interested in Rule 9, which is a provision specifically created to facilitate the replacing of an official nominee because of death, declination, or otherwise.  Since Trump isn t dead and likely won t be dropping out,  otherwise  is the vague word these Never Trumpers will be looking to find their loophole in.It probably won t happen, but seeing as how Trump is falling further and further behind Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the polls, they have reason to believe that he simply isn t a viable candidate. Further, the sea of controversy in which Trump has engaged since being formally nominated, from his ongoing feud with the family of a fallen Muslim American soldier to his initial refusal to endorse House Speaker Paul Ryan and Arizona Senator John McCain, means that Trump clearly has zero capability or intention of becoming presidential. If all else fails, the #NeverTrump people could always support the new Independent bid by conservative intelligence official Evan McMullin.All of that being said, though, these folks may as well hang it up. The GOP is no longer the Party of Lincoln. It is the Party of Trump.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
5136, Poll Shows Hillary Clinton With A Thirteen Point Lead Over Donald Trump,"Two polls have Hillary Clinton beating the wannabe-Fascist-in-Chief Donald Trump by fifteen points. In RealClearPolitics  compilation of all national polls, Clinton leads in the last sixteen taken, and has an average lead of 7 points.Today, the Clinton camp got some even better news: a recent Monmouth University poll has Clinton up a staggering thirteen points over Trump. No longer is the 10+ polls outliers as this grueling election comes down to the wire. Clinton leads with 50 percent to Donald Trump s 37 percent, while three percent remain undecided and Gary Johnson, the Libertarian nominee, garners 7 percent.Just before the two major party conventions, the same poll had Clinton leading only by 2 points, 45-43 percent.The new Monmouth University shows almost total party unity, with Clinton nabbing 92 percent of the Democratic vote, up from 85 percent in July when she clinched the nomination. Trump collects only 79 percent of the Republican vote, down from 81 percent in July. Trump does, however, slightly have the lead with Independent voters, 32-30 percent. That number, however, is down for Trump, who led with Independents by 9 points in mid-JulyAccording to Politico, the poll shows that Clinton s post-convention bounce may not be receding, but actually growing.When it comes to key swing states like Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Florida and North Carolina, Politco says:Importantly, Clinton continues to maintain a lead in the swing states   ten states that were decided by less than seven points in the 2012 election.  She holds a 42% to 34% edge over Trump in these states, which is similar to her 46% to 39% swing state lead last monthNot surprising, most whites in the new poll overwhelmingly favor Trump, with whites (men and women) without degrees favoring the Republican nominee +31 and +17 respectively over Clinton.However, one caveat is stunning the political world: white women with a college degree, who backed Romney 52-46 in 2012 over Obama, favor Clinton by over 30 points. These educated women, according to the poll, is one of the biggest reasons Donald Trump is falling so far behind Clinton.Over 60 percent of respondents said Clinton has the temperament to be president while only 27 percent said Trump does, and over 60 percent of respondents are sick of hearing of Hillary Clinton s emails.Hillary Clinton is continuing her climb against the orange fascist, a telling, tangible showing that America is no longer flirting with a Trump presidency   they re scared of a Trump presidency.And rightfully so. Hoping WikiLeaks doesn t continue to help the Kremlin tilt the election, and that Democrats actually get out and vote, these poll numbers could become a reality in November, and America s serial sexist will finally be put in his place once and for all.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5137, Muslim Olympian Takes Gold Medal Jab At ‘Dangerous’ Donald Trump,"Ibtihaj Muhammad is on the Olympic fencing team for the United States. She s also a Muslim and before even competing, has one Olympic record   she is the first American to compete while wearing a hijab.Muhammad is also an advocate for acceptance of Muslims in America, so of course, she s no fan of Donald Trump, who wants to ban all Muslims from the United States. There s just one (okay, several) problem. Muhammad is native to her New Jersey home. She has no other country to go back to. Naturally, in a CNN interview, she had some harsh words for the Republican nominee: I think his words are very dangerous,  Muhammad, who is competing in team sabre competition Monday morning, told CNN last week.  When these types of comments are made, no one thinks about how they really affect people. I m African-American. I don t have another home to go to. My family was born here. I was born here. I ve grown up in Jersey. All my family s from Jersey. It s like, well, where do we go? Source: Washington PostHer goal is more than about seeing that Trump is never elected, though. She wants to change the public s view of Muslims: I m hopeful that, in my efforts to represent our country well as an athlete   that they change the rhetoric around how people think and perceive the Muslim community,  she told CNN.Here s the video:Not surprisingly, she has long been a critic of Trump, beginning with this tweet last December:Friends don t let friends like Trump  Ibtihaj Muhammad (@IbtihajMuhammad) December 11, 2015In another interview, Muhammad was asked about Trump by a New Jersey.com reporter. Her sarcastic answer was,  who? She did say this, though: That s the gift and the curse of social media: You hear from young women all the time, but you also hear from the haters,  Muhammad said.  But I want people to know that as hard as they ve been on me, they don t even come close to what we saw in the shooting in North Carolina or the rhetoric around the Khan family at the (Democratic National Convention). It s ridiculous. We, as a country, have to change, and I feel like this is a moment. Unfortunately for Muhammad, after winning her first round, the eighth-ranked fencer lost to her ninth-ranked opponent from France.Featured image via Dylan Buell at Getty Images",0
5138, ‘Fishy’: Trump’s Business Audit Reveals Why He Won’t Release His Taxes,"In January, GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump said,  I try and pay as little tax as possible, because I hate what they do with my tax money. I hate the way they spend our money.  Donald has avoided releasing his tax returns to the public and now we know why.In 1987, Donald signed off on a series of accounting changes that allowed his first hotel to shortchange New York City by nearly $3 million in rent.Just 10 years previously, Trump made a deal which would free the hotel of $160 million in property taxes over the course of 40 years. While that sounds good so far, it was also supposed to guarantee the city a small financial stake in its success: New York City received annual rent payments tied to the Grand Hyatt s profits, according to CBS.In 1986, the hotel had its best year, raking in nearly $80 million. City officials expected to receive at least as much as the $3.7 million paid the year before.But that never happened because a month after Trump and his partners signed off on the accounting changes, the city was paid only $667,155.For two years, city auditors were stonewalled each time they tried to address the issue.Experts asked by CBS News to examine the city auditor s report, which was completed in 1989, described the behavior of hotel and Trump Organization officials as  unusual  and  unheard of. Something was fishy there,  Karen Burstein, who was the city s auditor general at the time, said referring to the hotel s owners.  This was not the behavior of an innocent party. I think that s what became evident to us. When a date was eventually agreed upon for an audit, it was cancelled by hotel lawyers in a rare move. It s one of those things you want closure on. Why would you want this hanging over your head?  said Tobey, a partner at Perelson Weiner LLP, which audits corporations, hedge funds, private equity funds and non-profits.  Stonewalling auditors is not a common practice. You want to make them go away. When city auditors finally got a glimpse of the goings on at the hotel, they found missing books and unacceptable accounting principles. Hotel officials tried to keep the audit from being released to the public, much like Donald is doing with his tax returns now.According to Donald, he doesn t remember any of this. I sold the hotel many years ago for a tremendous profit. By building the hotel I created thousands of jobs, saved the Grand Central area, and helped to revive a dying, at the time, New York City,  Trump told CBS.  The city was extremely happy with that development and you re now bringing up something thirty years later that I ve never heard about. Donald may not really want to become President, because really, he s only into self-promotion. He could be looking for a way out of this race. Trump wants to Make Trump Great Again but now that he s in the spotlight, things may not work out well for him since his previous business ventures are becoming public. Donald s self-promotion may be his undoing. It s funny how that works.Photo by Darren Hauck via Getty",0
5139, #NeverTrump GOP Intelligence Expert Launching Independent Bid To Stop Trump,"The #NeverTrump faction of the GOP has longed for an Independent conservative to run for the presidency in a last ditch effort to make sure that Donald Trump s nightmare of a presidential campaign does not become a nightmarish reality in the event he gets elected to a job he is dangerously unqualified to perform. Well, they are getting their wish.Evan McMullin is a longtime conservative. He is also firmly #NeverTrump. Like Trump, the man has never been elected to any public office whatsoever; however, he is also a seasoned member of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). McMullin currently serves as Chief Policy Director of the House Republican conference, and is certainly much more qualified to do the job of president than Trump could ever dream of being. To that end, sources say that McMullin is going to enter the presidential race with one goal in mind: stopping Donald Trump.According to Buzzfeed, this could turn out to be a very serious bid, as top GOP operatives who refuse to back Trump and openly criticize him, such as Rick Wilson, would firmly back McMullin s attempts to derail Trump s path to the White House. McMullin might have a tough run, though, because he is pretty much invisible to be such an important inside player in GOP politics. His Twitter account has very few followers compared to most politicians and other public figures, and he also has no verification. However, that has not stopped him from sharply slamming Trump to what following he does have. Here is one such tweet:Authoritarians like @realDonaldTrump use promises of law & order to justify infringing on civil rights as they consolidate control by force.  Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) July 22, 2016Also, regarding Trump s increasingly divisive and bigoted statements against Muslims, McMullin posted to his Facebook what all sane, educated people already know: Trump s rhetoric makes us less safe, not more safe with regards to radicalized terrorists: As Donald Trump continues attacking Muslims and as a former CIA officer, I d like all Americans to know the truth: American and other Muslims have played a central role in virtually every counterterrorism win we ve had since 9/11. They are an indispensable asset in this fight. Attacking them as a group makes America weaker, not stronger. While McMullin s battle will be uphill, there are growing mutterings that he would have serious support. However, at this point, he will likely not be able to be on the ballot in all 50 states at this late date, and he will likely face campaigning and money issues. Also, we all know the fate of third party bids at the national level.Now, make no mistake, liberals: This guy is not our dream come true. He is a true blue right winger who would still usher in social policies that would prove nightmarish for many groups, including women and LGBTQ people. He is a Mormon, and, like Mitt Romney, has strong support in Utah, where Trump is heartily disliked. Our best hope is that McMullin splits the GOP even further than Trump has, thus handing the election to Democrats.The only other option would be for the GOP to dump Trump in favor of McMullin, which seems highly unlikely at this time.Featured image via Evan McMullin Twitter",0
5140, Trump Fanboy Newt Gingrich Turns Traitor On Him And His Economic Plan,"Every presidential candidate s economic plan has flaws. They either rely on deficit spending (Hillary Clinton), or they rely on magic mirrors (every Republican there is). Trump s plan will cost the U.S. more than $11 trillion, mostly from tax cuts for the wealthy that aren t paid for. Campaigns and their surrogates are supposed to rally around their candidates, but Newt Gingrich found himself unable to defend Trump s economic plan during an appearance on Fox News Sunday.Chris Wallace asked Gingrich point-blank whether Trump s numbers add up. Gingrich said: Of course not. Historically, no candidates have numbers that add up. Brilliant cover there, fanboy. You re still a campaign surrogate admitting that his candidate s economic plan is a worthless pile of steaming dog shit. Doing this is virtually unheard of. Even Romney s surrogates didn t admit outright that his economic plan was going to kill the economy, not stimulate it. When the Tax Policy Center said that Romney s plan would require raising taxes on the middle class to avoid ballooning the national debt, his campaign, and the entire GOP, came to his defense.Back in June, Moody s said that Trump s economic plan would cost us millions of jobs in addition to raising the national debt by $11 trillion. Trump only has a tiny part of his massive tax cuts offset. The rest amount to a massive black hole in the middle of the budget, which, in turn, would cause interest rates to skyrocket. Skyrocketing interest rates, when combined with other factors, harm corporate output, and eventually, stock prices.We all know what happens when the stock market crashes.Predictably, Trump s campaign said there were  profound errors  in Moody s analysis. Trump wants to rely on strong-arming China into a different trade agreement for his jobs plan, because of course he does. He s a master negotiator, so China will capitulate.This isn t the beginning of the end of Gingrich s love affair with Trump; not by a long shot. That s evident by his cover that no presidential candidate s economic plans ever add up. But a surrogate going so far as to say on television that it s nonsense, even with a cover, is virtually unprecedented.Featured image by T.J. Kirkpatrick/Getty Images",0
5141, Rudy Giuliani: Trump Is Losing Because The Media Wont Talk About Benghazi (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is now alleging that the United States presidential election will be rigged against him. As per usual, Trump s allegations are not supported by any compelling evidence. His supporters have decided that the election will be swayed in Clinton s favor by the big scary liberal media. Trump campaign top advisor, Rudy Guiliani, repeated these claims during an interview on ABC New s This Week Sunday morning.Non-stop conspiracy theories about the media s bias against Trump are a response to Trump s plummeting polling numbers which show that Democratic challenger Hillary Clinton is enjoying a comfortable lead.This Week Co-Host, Martha Raddatz, presented a remark that Newt Gingrich had given to the Washington Post: The current race is which of these two is the more unacceptable, because right now, neither of them is acceptable. Trump is helping her to win by proving he is more unacceptable than she is. Raddatz then asks Guiliani,  Is that the way you see it? Guiliani responds, saying that no he does not see it the same way as Gingrich does. He then claims that the media has not hit Clinton as hard as it has hit Trump. According to Guiliani, this is evidenced by the negative media attention that Trump has received during his feud with the Khan family, compared to the media attention that Clinton received because of Benghazi. And I think her comments   Hillary s comments   just don t get the same attention that Trump s do. For example, she lied to a Gold Star mother. She lied to pre   Patricia Smith, the mother of Sean Smith, who   who was killed at Benghazi, I believe, because of her incompetence, her incompetence in failing to secure that mission. And she lied to her on September 14th, 2012, right at the coffin. She said it was due to a video. So I think that s far more serious or at least it said get as much attention as all of the attention that was paid to, you know, the comments that were made about the Khan family. Ah, the press isn t talking enough about Clinton and Benghazi. That s why Trump s campaign is floundering. It couldn t possibly be that Trump is a loudmouth asshat who decided it would be a grand idea to repeatedly insult the family of a deceased war hero, could it?Trump supporters will say anything to try and rationalize away the fact that Trump is a dangerous man who cannot bully his way into the White House.You can watch the segment below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2DClsluYx8Featured image from video screenshot",0
5142," No, Tom Cotton, Hillary Clinton’s Emails Did NOT Get An Iranian Scientist Executed (VIDEO)","On Sunday, Iran executed a nuclear scientist for  giving vital information to the enemy. Shahram Amiri disappeared in 2009 during a trip to Mecca in Saudi Arabia. For a year he was missing, but then resurfaced in the United States in June of 2010. Amiri says that he had been kidnapped by the CIA and put under intense psychological pressure to reveal sensitive information.  He claims that he rejected the United States  efforts to break him, but the U.S. Government said at the time that Amiri had defected voluntarily, and had been paid millions of dollars for  useful information  related to the country s nuclear program.The next month, he appeared in Washington DC at the Iranian interests section of Pakistan s embassy, seeking to return to Iran.Days later, he obtained passage home, where he originally received a hero s welcome. But in May of 2011, he was arrested and tried for treason. Though his family believed he had been given ten years in prison, which would have made him eligible for release in 2022, he was actually sentenced to death. Finally, his execution was carried out on August 7, 2016. Amiri had access to confidential military secrets and was connected to our No. 1 enemy, the Great Satan,  Islamic Republic of Iran spokesman Gholamhosein Mohseni-Ejei said in his weekly news conference.  He was sentenced to death in primary court, and the sentence was confirmed by Supreme Court  after Amiri appealed the decision. The CIA thought that its movements were kept away from the eye of Iranian Intelligence Ministry,  Mohseni-Ejei said.  They took Amiri to Saudi Arabia. To most, this seems fairly standard. He released video informing his country that he betrayed their national secrets to the CIA, the United States confirmed that he had done so, and for some reason he thought it was safe to return home. This is documented history   unless, of course, you re Tom Cotton.You see, Amiri was mentioned in recently-released Clinton emails. According to Cotton, the messages, which did not become public until very recently, were the cause of Amiri s 2011 arrest and death sentence. We have a diplomatic,  psychological  issue, not a legal one. Our friend has to be given a way out,  Richard Morningstar, a former State Department special envoy for Eurasian energy, wrote nine days before he returned to Iran.  Our person won t be able to do anything anyway. If he has to leave so be it.  On  Face the Nation,  Cotton tossed a thick layer of blame on Clinton: I m not going to comment on what he may or may not have done for the United States government, but in the emails that were on Hillary Clinton s private server, there were conversations among her senior advisors about this gentleman. That goes to show just how reckless and careless her decision was to put that kind of highly classified information on a private server. And I think her judgment is not suited to keep this country safe,  Cotton added, apparently forgetting that all of this happened years before her emails were released.In fact, the timing doesn t seem to matter to anyone on the right wing. Gateway Pundit s Jim Hoft, more commonly known as the  stupidest man on the internet  (seriously, Google it), declared that Clinton s  unprotected  emails  got [an] Iranian nuclear scientist executed. They found out he was working for the US thanks to Hillary Clinton s emails,  Hoft writes.  Nice work, Hillary.  He even includes this cute little tweet: Unfortunately for all of them, a quick Google search quickly disproves their latest stupid, stupid theory related to Hillary s emails.F*ck off, Tom and Jim.Watch Cotton try to blame Hillary below:Featured image via screengrab",0
5143, Fareed Zakaria Delivers EVEN MORE Examples Of Trump Being A ‘Bullsh*t Artist’ (VIDEO),"CNN s Fareed Zakaria recently caused a bit of a media firestorm when he decided to deliver his analysis of Donald Trump bluntly, calling him a  bullshit artist  on live television.  Now, Zakaria has a new segment where he explains the reason behind his use of the word and provides more examples as to why Trump is oh so deserving of the label.  Zakariah also says that he does not use the term lightly. I was asked by CNN to make one more case where Donald Trump had said something demonstrably false and then explained it away with a caustic tweet and an indignant interview. I replied that there was a pattern here, and there is a term for a person who did this kind of thing, a bullshit artist. I was not using that label casually, and in case you have sensitive ears, I m going to use it a few more times. At that point in the segment, Zakaria explains that he was borrowing the term from Harry Frankfurt s classic essay,  On Bullshit    rather than just using it as a derogatory descriptor in the colloquial sense.Zakaria then delves into more examples of Trump s bullshit artistry, including his promise that he will flip blue states red, without giving any inclination as to how he intends on doing so. Harry Frankfurt concluded that liars and truth-tellers are acutely aware of facts and truth. The bullshit artist, however, has lost all connection with reality.  By virtue of this, Frankfurt writes, bullshit is a greater enemy of the truth than lies are,  Zakaria says.You can watch the segment in its entirety below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYEzqUZ9UyAFeatured image from video screenshot",0
5144, WATCH: Four Trump Supporters DESPERATELY Try To Explain Trump’s Polling Numbers,"Four Donald Trump surrogates tried their best to lay out their case that there is a major bias against Trump Sunday morning during a broadcast of CNN s Reliable Sources.  Trump and his supporters have alleged that the media is out to get Trump since the onset of the primary election. Now that Trump s polling numbers have been in a free-fall since the general election began, they are more desperate than ever to prove that it is all because of the media s bias against their candidate.Scottie Nell Hughes, one of Trump s most vocal surrogates, has previously spoken out against the press at large, claiming that the media is conspiring against Trump. Hughes reiterates Newt Gingrich s recent claim that roughly 70% of those in the media have a tendency to lean to the left politically. The figure that Hughes is regurgitating appears to be erroneous; there was a study conducted in 2005 that showed that news does favor more liberal positions. However, the reality of the situation is that most media outlets tend to either be biased towards one side of the political spectrum and cater to that audience.Much of the debate during the segment centered around Trump s plummeting polling numbers. You know, polling can be skewed too,  Kremer, another Trump surrogate mentioned. He made the claim that polling numbers are affected  By the way the questions are [asked], the number Democrats versus Republicans that are polled. So, you can t say that there s not any bias in the polling because I believe there certainly is. Well, of course, those factors do a play a part in public polling. As anyone who is going to go on a cable television show and talk about polling numbers should know, those biases are taken into account by pollsters. If they are not, they typically get disregarded.The other claims that the surrogates make during the episode are just as easy to explain away. That does not stop the Trump supporters from trying to explain how Trump truly is just a victim of the media s liberal bias. It couldn t possibly have anything to do with his flagrant, hateful sentiments that he has made during his very short political career. Nor the fact that his policy proposals change on a whim and to sound like they originated from a neo-Nazi s fever dream.You can watch Trump s surrogates try and rationalize their terrible candidate s failures below, in full.Featured image from video screenshot",0
5145, U.S. Nazi Party Leader: Trump’s Campaign Is A ‘Real Opportunity’ For White Nationalist (AUDIO),"More proof that Donald Trump s presidential campaign is helping the fascist arm of the right-wing has just come in. During the July broadcast of his radio program, Rocky Suhayda, the chairman of the American Nazi Party declared that Trump s campaign is a  real opportunity for people like white nationalists. Not only does Suhayda think that Trump presents an opportunity to build new, politically active white nationalist coalitions, he also believes that Trump will win the election in November for  various reasons.  Suhayda believes that the  enemy  is in for a real surprise: I m gonna project, that I believe that Trump is going to win the election this November, for various reasons which I don t want to go into again. I think it s gonna surprise the enemy, because, I think that they feel that the white working class, especially the male portion of the working class, and with him, his female counterparts have basically thrown in the towel. Given up hope of any politician again standing up for their interests. Suhayda then goes on to say that it is time for an American Nazi political caucus to form in Congress. He also urges his followers to adopt the guise of being  pro-white  rather than overtly racist against minorities. Now, if Trump does win, okay, it s going to be a real opportunity for people like white nationalists, acting intelligently to build upon that, and to go and start   you know how you have the black political caucus and what not in Congress, and, everything, to start building on something like that, okay. It doesn t have to be anti, like the movement s been for decades, so much as it has to be pro-white. It s kinda hard to go and call us bigots if we don t go around and act like a bigot. That s what the movement should contemplate. Alright. Trump has received support from the worst-of-the-worst within the white nationalist and white supremacist movements. It s ridiculous to think that Trump might actually win the presidency this November. Poll after poll shows Democratic challenger Hillary Clinton winning the election. That being said, Trump s campaign itself is being used as a  conversation starter  for the KKK to recruit new members, according to the Washington Post.Trump s campaign is dangerous for the United States. Republicans who support him are supporting white supremacist movements. Well, more so than they already tacitly do through racist policy decisions. November is fast approaching and it is time for Republicans across the United States to dump Trump and the fascist factions of the far right that support him.You can listen to the radio broadcast below.Featured image from Scott Eisen/Getty Images",0
5146, WATCH: CNN Anchor Takes Hannity To The Woodshed For Letting Trump Call Election ‘Rigged’,"Donald Trump claims the election is rigged and Fox host Sean Hannity irresponsibly does not challenge him, so CNN s Brian Stelter blasted him.The Republican nominee is already making excuses in preparation for when he loses the election in November by claiming without any proof that the election is somehow rigged in favor of Hillary Clinton. And Hannity has been only too happy to let Trump make his unsubstantiated claims on his show, which will likely anger Fox viewers and make them even more paranoid than they already are.So Brian Stelter used the end of his show on Sunday to teach Hannity how real journalists interview candidates.  Let me show you how not to interview a candidate about something as serious as this,  he began before slamming Hannity for  failing  his audience. Hannity s not a journalist, but he has a megaphone, and he s using his megaphone irresponsibly. If a Democratic candidate were saying this stuff saying the election could be rigged then every word of this essay would apply to him or her. But right now, it s the Republican candidate for president who s trying to delegitimize our democratic process without proof. It is unpatriotic for any interviewer or any journalist to help him. Indeed, if the shoe were on the other foot Hannity wouldn t give a damn at all. He would call any Democratic claims of a rigged election absurd. You know, because only Republicans win elections fairly. If they lose it must be because the election was  rigged. Here s the video via YouTube.And of course, being as thin skinned as Trump, Hannity lashed out on Twitter.Hey Brian check Philly enquirer after 2012. How many districts not a single Romney vote. Check Cleveland. Do u prep? https://t.co/5XORZzkdXQ  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) August 7, 2016 Philly Inquirer. https://t.co/5XORZzBPmq  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) August 7, 201659?? https://t.co/9PX2hcLdz3  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) August 7, 2016 Calling us unpatriotic? 59 districts not one Romney vote. So you are voting for the liar HRC. Did DNC hurt Bernie? https://t.co/Wuf5Sv9nCR  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) August 7, 2016 Unreliable liberal sources.  Brian, answer a simple question. Is HRC a liar? https://t.co/Wuf5Sv9nCR  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) August 7, 2016As you can see, Hannity is citing a single newspaper report in order to claim that the election is rigged because not a single person voted for Romney in 59 districts in Philadelphia in 2012.But the Philadelphia Inquirer itself conceded that  such results may not be so startling after all  considering Philadelphia has a majority African-American population especially in these urban districts. In fact, when the Inquirer attempted to find the few Republicans listed in the voter registry they had either moved away or had voted for Obama after being mistakenly identified as Republicans.They also noted that John McCain didn t receive a single vote in 57 of the districts in 2008.The Inquirer also pointed out the factors that led to such a lopsided result.First, President Obama is the first African-American president, so black voters were especially supportive of him. Obama won 93 percent of the black vote nationwide.Second, Republicans have largely abandoned fighting for things African-Americans care about like affirmative action and urban development.Third,  many parts of Philadelphia and other big cities simply lack Republican voters  and it has been this way for decades going all the way back to Franklin D. Roosevelt s presidency.And finally, Romney said a lot of stupid things, including commenting about people  wanting free stuff from the government  after visiting the NAACP. Such comments did not go down well with the black community who felt Romney was talking about them.Factcheck.org even pointed out that  the 59 that went 100 percent for Obama in 2012 constitute 19,605 votes, just 3 percent of the total votes cast in the city. Of course, if Hannity really wants to bring up Philadelphia as some kind of proof that Democrats rig elections, we could similarly point out that some precincts in Utah voted unanimously for Romney. Does that mean Republicans rigged the election there? Or does Hannity just deal in double standards?Featured Image: Screenshot ",0
5147, Electoral Map Is Changing As Deep Red Arizona And Georgia Go For Clinton,"The electoral map is being redrawn in Hillary Clinton s favor as Donald Trump plunges into near total self-destruction.While the American people continue to wake up to what Trump is   a loud, vile, jackass   the more they flock to Hillary Clinton, and the evidence is striking when taking into consideration two states where Republicans have dominated for decades, Arizona and Georgia.Georgia hasn t voted Democrat since 1980 (when Jimmy Carter ran against Ronald Reagan) and Arizona hasn t voted Democrat since 1996 (when Bill Clinton trounced Bob Dole).So for over thirty years these states have not been friendly to Democrats. But thanks to Donald Trump, they could come back around.A recent poll from OH Predictions based out of Arizona has Clinton beating Trump by three points, 45-42, the second poll from the same nonpartisan organization to show Clinton ahead of the blowhard billionaire. When factoring in the two polls from OH, with others showing a close competition, RealClearPolitics has the two evenly tied in their average for winning. In 2012, Romney won Arizona by 9 points.And how is it that Clinton could be beating Trump in Arpaio-Brewer county? His feud with the Khan family.Across the country, in Georgia, a new poll from the Atlanta Journal-Constitution newspaper shows Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump in the state by four points, which is still within the margin of error, but a surprising lead nonetheless in a southern red state run by Nathan Deal.A poll from July 31 showed the two tied, and when coupled with the new poll showing Clinton ahead, the RealClearPolitics average has Trump leading by 2.4 percent. In 2o12, Romney won Georgia by eight points.While facing a loss in the swing-state of Colorado, Politico has summed up the issue currently facing Trump:For Trump, it s a worrisome sign of a narrowing electoral path to victory. At the outset of the election cycle, the GOP nominee already confronted what appeared to be a Democratic advantage in the Electoral College. The potential loss of a key Western swing state leaves even less margin for error in November, increasing the urgency of winning the big prizes of Ohio, Pennsylvania and Florida.With a loss in Arizona and Georgia, and losing Colorado, Trump is looking at a prospective tail spin in the American electoral process, and it s glorious.Imagine how much of a surprise the Trump campaign would get if they lost Georgia and Arizona on election day, completely throwing off their trajectory? Karl Rove would have the mother of all meltdowns on live national television. That alone, Democrats, is worth getting out to vote.Featured image via David Becker/Getty Images",0
5148, Gold Star Mom SHAMES Trump In Devastating Video You Need To See,"A new ad from a pro-Hillary Clinton super PAC hits Donald Trump for his dishonorable attacks on the family of Captain Humayun Khan, who died serving in the U.S. Army in Iraq.The ad from Priorities USA features Michelle DeFord, the mother of David Johnson, a National Guardsman who died while operating as a gunner on a Humvee in Iraq.Speaking about Trump s attacks on the Khan family in the ad, Deford says,  When I saw Donald Trump attack another Gold Star mother, I felt such a sense of outrage. I would like to tell Donald Trump,  she continues,  what it feels like. The sense of emptiness that only losing a child can bring. Those people should be honored and treated with kindness for the rest of their life. Trump s attacks on the Khan family have been widely condemned by both Democrats and Republicans. Recent polls have shown that the vast majority of Americans   over 60 percent   believe that Trump s smears, over multiple days, were far over the line of acceptable political behavior.The Washington Post recently reported that Trump suffers in the election from the perception that he lacks basic human decency about what should and should not be said in the course of a campaign.Several Gold Star families, who have lost their sons and daughters in war zones, have condemned Trump for his behavior and demanded an apology (he has not given one).On the other side, many of Trump s most ardent supporters not only support the attack on the Khan family but have furthered multiple conspiracy theories and rumors about them, while some have even attacked their dead son and called him either a traitor or a phony.Republicans have always enjoyed strong support among the military, it remains to be seen if the nominee attacking a Purple Heart winner and his family will do anything to erode that going forward.Featured image via YouTube",0
5149, ‘The Black Room’ Revealed: Fox News’ Secret Spy Network Used To Hunt Enemies,"The fallout from the sexual harassment scandal involving Fox News founder Roger Ailes continues as secrets about how he operated leak out. The latest revelations are about a creepy misuse of corporate funds, if the allegations are true.New York magazine s Gabriel Sherman, who broke the Ailes harassment story, is reporting that sources inside Fox say that Ailes used corporate money in order to finance surveillance and spying on writers that were seen as hostile to Fox News.Sherman reports that News Corp., Fox s parent, recently fired five consultants whose only job was to do the thug work for Roger Ailes against his enemies.They were part of what is being described as  the Black Room,  a program Ailes set up.According to one highly-placed source, Solivan worked out of what Fox insiders called  the Black Room,  an operation Ailes established around 2011 to conduct PR and surveillance campaigns against people he targeted both inside and outside the company. The  Black Room  was located on the 14th floor of the News Corp building at 1211 Avenue of the Americas, a quiet part of the office that housed Fox News Latino and some marketing and promotions employees.The Black Room allegedly went after John Cook and Hamilton Nolan, writers for Gawker who covered Ailes aggressively.According to one source, private detectives followed Cook around his Brooklyn neighborhood and Fox operatives prepared a report on him with information they intended to leak to blogs.Sherman also reports that he was a target of Ailes  Black Room operation:In 2012, while I was researching a biography of Ailes, Fox operatives set up web pages to attack my reputation, and Fox funds paid for Google search ads against my name that linked to the sites. One source also said private investigators employed by Fox contributor Bo Dietl were instructed to follow me and my wife.Fox News is a creepy network, set up and operated by a major creep who also appears to have been some sort of sexual predator. This revelation, which would sound bizarre coming from any other cable news channel, seems to fit right in.Featured image via YouTube",0
5150, WATCH: Joy Reid CRUSHES Trump Supporter For Saying She’s Not On America’s Side,"Picking a fight with Joy Reid on live television is not smart, so of course a Trump surrogate did exactly that and got his ass handed to him.During her show on Saturday morning, Trump supporter Carl Paladino actually claimed that the Republican nominee knows how to handle Russia and Vladamir Putin better than our military, State Department, and intelligence agencies. He also attacked Reid directly, calling her a politically correct progressive who is not on America s side.Reid began by playing footage of former CIA Director Michael Hayden slamming Trump s  erratic  behavior and suggesting that Trump could very well be a  unwitting agent  for Putin. Furthermore, Trump is unpredictable and dangerous, especially since he would have control of America s nuclear arsenal as president.Indeed, Trump has various business connections with Russian oligarchs who are aligned with the Russian president, who has directed Russian state media to support Trump s campaign. Trump also softened the GOP platform stance against Russia. Trump s ties with Russia are especially concerning to intelligence agents, who are worried about briefing Trump because whatever he is told could end up being passed along to Putin. You are pretty much fighting an armada of intelligence experts,  Reid told Paladino. In your mind,  Paladino told Reid.  No, not in my mind,  Reid replied.  Actually in my ears because we re listening to them speak. Then Paladino proceeded to embarrass himself by going on a rant about Reid. I think what s happened to you is that you ve been in a conditioned box, for a long time, of political correctness. Political correctness and a certain way of doing things. And when a guy comes on the scene who shows real leadership qualities, who can talk to the America people, and they can find faith in him and confidence in him that he s gonna do the right thing   when that man comes on the scene, you guys just don t know what to do. Clearly, Paladino must have missed a poll that shows 70 percent of Americans have a negative view of Trump, with 56 percent feeling this way strongly.That s probably what Reid was thinking about when she smiled as Paladino ranted. The progressives are gonna lose their influence and their power and their control of the American people s minds, and you re in a panic state right now,  he continued before Reid chimed in with sarcasm. Oh yeah, were panicking,  she said.After accusing Reid of  making crazy accusations,  Reid fired back with facts. I think if you look at the polling, most of the public is standing by the generals and intelligence professionals, at least as we stand now,  Reid said.Trump is currently being trounced by Hillary Clinton in the polls. Clinton is leading by 15 points nationwide in one poll.Paladino then implied that Reid is not on America s side.  I know which side you re on, mam,  he said.But Reid clobbered Paladino and Trump with a sharp retort.  Not on Vladimir Putin s side, and I like that stance. Here s the video via YouTube.As usual, Trump s people ignored the facts and stuck with personal attacks and they got burned.Featured image via creenshot",0
5151, WATCH: Hillary’s Latest Anti-Trump Ad Absolutely BRUTALIZES His Ties To Russia,"Hillary is starting to pull out all the stops in going after Trump s bromance with Russian dictator Vladimir Putin. In her latest attack ad, she reminds us that we don t know anything about his shady ties with Russia, and that it s time we find out what s going on there.The ad reminds us exactly why we can t trust Trump in the White House beyond his blatant, cavalier attitude towards the truth. He very well could be intentionally undermining the U.S. by pushing Putin s foreign agenda. What she does is paint him as a possible agent to Russia, rather than a serious American running for the highest office in the country, and she s right   we need to start asking questions.Watch her destroy him below:Hillary s campaign site has an article with five questions we should be asking of Trump s ties to Russia, and this ad builds on those:Will Trump sell us out to Russia if he s elected? Probably. Hillary s begun digging hard into him for it, too.Photo of Donald Trump by Joe Raedle/Getty Images. Photo of Vladimir Putin by Thierry Chesnot/Getty Images. Images merged by Rika Christensen",0
5152, GOP Senator Desperately Tries To Distance His Re-Election From Trump,"As Donald Trump continues down his path of self destruction (which is bringing the Republican Party down with him), members of the GOP controlled Senate are running scared   and they should be. Trump is literally ruining the Republican s hope of keeping their majority.One Senator in particular is making it his mission to distance his re-election bid from the monstrosity that is Donald J. Trump.Pennsylvania Republican Pat Toomey, who resides in a  swing state  very weary of Trump s antics, told reporters that voters should separate his run from Trump when they go to the ballot box in November and that they can see for themselves that the two are not similar.Pennsylvania voters are really quite sophisticated and they know for sure that Donald Trump is really in a category unto himself. So they will make their decision about the presidential race, and then they will make a completely separate decision about the person they want representing them in the Senate.Toomey has not endorsed Trump as of yet, but did say he is  waiting and watching  before he makes a decision.According to RealClearPolitics, Toomey and Katie McGinty, his formidable Democratic challenger, are tied. The McGinty campaign didn t waste time in quickly tying the two together, saying,  Pennsylvanians understand that it s a Trump-Toomey ticket,  and added:If he opposes Clinton, as he says he does, he s by definition supporting not only Trump, but the policies and values Trump would bring to the White House.So now instead of refusing to endorse, Republican candidates are literally telling voters not to think about Trump when voting for them. Republicans are now asking voters to pretend Donald Trump isn t on the ballot. They re asking the electorate, in a presidential campaign election, to disregard their down-ballot obligations are create two brands of conservatism to suit the GOP s needs.Let that all sink in. That s how desperate they have become.If Toomey were serious about keeping his seat and holding on to any shred of dignity he might have once had, he would quickly and unequivocally denounce Trump and the vile things that have come out of his mouth. As Clinton leads the state by 8 points (and growing), Toomey needs all the respect he can get.The implosion is going strong, and they are tearing each other apart.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5153," After Republicans Gut Zika Funding, Rubio Says Infected Women Can’t Have Abortions","Republicans claim to be  pro-life,  but one needs only observe to realize that they simply like babies   as long as they are in the womb, that is. Sure, they repeatedly cut funding from programs that feed poor children and actively work to deny kids health care and other necessities   but they sure love promoting abstinence-only sex  education,  which actually increases unwanted pregnancies, and depriving women of the ability to decide whether or not to abort a fetus.Zika is believed to cause severe birth defects like microcephaly, which causes severe brain and skull deformities and can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars in the first year alone. As the GOP wants to deprive poor women of health care, if they had their way these expenses would be crippling. This doesn t even take into account the extra care a child would need, the exhaustion involved in caring for a critically-ill baby, or a number of other factors that would cause someone with the Zika virus to make the difficult decision to terminate a pregnancy.The state of Florida is currently facing a Zika crisis, but that doesn t stop Senator Marco Rubio from sticking to his guns on abortion. To him, women should never be allowed to have one, even in the cases of rape and incest   and not even if the mother has contracted the Zika virus. He told Politico on Saturday: I understand a lot of people disagree with my view   but I believe that all human life is worthy of protection of our laws. And when you present it in the context of Zika or any prenatal condition, it s a difficult question and a hard one. But if I m going to err, I m going to err on the side of life. Obviously, microcephaly is a terrible prenatal condition that kids are born with. And when they are, it s a lifetime of difficulties,  Rubio added.  So I get it. I m not pretending to you that that s an easy question you asked me. But I m pro-life. And I m strongly pro-life. I believe all human life should be protected by our law, irrespective of the circumstances or condition of that life. No matter how much the child suffers, right, Marco?Rubio himself voted to fulfill President Obama s request for funding, so he is aware that there is an issue. He s not hiding from that. But his belief in a book written by a bunch of men who couldn t figure out where the sun hides at night, as well as his devotion to the very party that actively fights to keep women sick, prevents him from accepting the fact that women have the right to make their own health care decisions   including terminating a pregnancy if they have the Zika virus.Meanwhile, as Republicans continue to hold funding hostage over gutting the Clean Water Act and letting truckers drive for longer hours without a break (yes, seriously), Rubio and his ilk will continue to fight against women s right to choose an abortion to save the child from a lifetime of suffering.Featured image via Getty Images/Joe Raedle",0
5154, WATCH: Penn Jillette’s Newest Card Trick PERFECTLY Illustrates How Trump Runs His Campaign,"Penn Jillette doesn t want Donald Trump to run for president, and apparently, neither does Bloomberg News. They asked Penn to create a new card trick representing Trump s campaign, and it apparently only took him a few seconds to do so, because that s how much of a disaster Trump s campaign is.He starts with a deck of cards and it seems like an ordinary,  pick a card, stick it back in the deck and I ll find it  card trick. He then explains how all the shuffling cards while talking around is misdirection, and uses that as an analogy for many of Trump s outlandish statements.The video even shows Trump making some of his idiotic statements and lies, like his repeated attacks on the Khan family, his misogynistic  blood coming out of her wherever  slam of Megyn Kelly, and his claim that he wouldn t lose support even if he shot someone in the middle of 5th Avenue.But it s the trick itself, and the ending that are the real gems of the video. Watch below:Trump s campaign isn t a train wreck waiting to happen, it s a flat-out train wreck, especially given the week he s had. Come November, his campaign will end the same way this card trick does.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
5155, Rio Olympics Opening Ceremonies Had A Big Message That Made Conservatives Foam At The Mouth,"Conservatives have something to say about absolutely everything. This time, they re throwing a temper tantrum over one of the major messages of the Rio Olympics   climate change. The Opening Ceremonies featured climate change as one of the central themes, so of course conservatives came out in droves to whine and cry about politicizing the Games on social media.The display started with a boy and an endangered Pau-Brasil tree in the center of the stadium. Then a video of the world played, showing how several major cities would be affected from rising sea levels as the Antarctic ice sheets melt. It was an important message to highlight, and some were pleased that Rio did it.Those people weren t likely anti-science conservatives, though. Brazil has its own environmental problems, so of course that crowd thinks Rio is being massively hypocritical in saying anything about climate change. Here s a hint as to why it s not: One of the purposes of the Opening Ceremonies is to showcase the host nation. It s entirely possible that the Rio organizing committee wanted to send a message about climate change to their own government, as well as to the rest of the world.The anti-science,  climate change is a hoax  crowd wasn t going to let that go unnoticed, though. Everything is evil, liberal propaganda to them if it doesn t fit their narrative, and this part of the Opening Ceremonies definitely didn t fit with what they like to hear (what did they want? Something flashy and superficial, no doubt). So they took to Twitter to lash out as only conservatives can when they re faced with facts.Rio Olympics so far, quite boring   pushing global warming propaganda.They mention N Pole losing ice but NEVER mention growing ice at S Pole  PolitixGal (@PolitixGal) August 6, 2016 #OpeningCeremony at #RioOlympics just went full SJW retard on global warming. Highlighted slavery but no mention of Emperor who ended it ??  The Mad Monarchist (@MadMonarchist1) August 6, 2016*And now we interrupt the Rio Olympics Opening Ceremony with a global warming awareness segment*  Oliver Darcy (@oliverdarcy) August 6, 2016 Oh God, we re getting a tedious bilingual lecture on Global Warming at the #OpeningCeremony of the #RioOlympics  Please, stop it.  Tunku Varadarajan (@tunkuv) August 5, 2016Makes sense Brazil would focus on global warming. Probably distracts from Zika, corrupt government, and ocean of poop.  Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) August 6, 2016 When does Obama storm onstage, grab a mic, and shout  IMMA LET YOU FINISH BUT I WAS THE GREATEST OF ALL TIME ON GLOBAL WARMING  Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) August 6, 2016So much propaganda at #OpeningCeremony, from  Climate Change  to  Refugees , it s like watching Democrat convention. https://t.co/OMDRcv1x1Z  Nick Short (@PoliticalShort) August 6, 2016 Rio Olympics ratings fail, down 28%. Spread global warming all u want. Nobody is watching you morons https://t.co/UsRD52YVEn  Kathleen Dang (@Bkvar2) August 6, 2016@SarahNEmerson Rio Olympics opening ceremonies sanctimonious call to arms over global warming from country slashing & burning rainforests  righteous axe (@righteousaxe) August 6, 2016Conservatives are so fun to watch when they re in hissy-fit mode, are they not? They d scream about someone declaring the sky blue if they could. At least when liberals decry anti-climate science speeches and displays, we have the science on our side with which to do so. They just want to whine.Featured image by Clive Mason/Getty Images",0
5156," Veteran Trolls Trump, Launches Fundraiser To Send Him To Combat Zone","A veteran has launched a GoFundMe fundraiser that is being advertised as a way for Donald Trump to earn a Purple Heart service medal   the hard way. The fundraiser was started by Lieutenant Cameron H. Kerr, a veteran who lost his leg while serving overseas in Afghanistan.Kerr writes that he decided to launch the fundraiser after Trump was handed a Purple Heart by a veteran supporter of his at a campaign event. After receiving the medal, Trump stated that he has  always wanted to get the Purple Heart,  and that  this was much easier. As Kerr notes, Trump s comments were made  just days  after he began verbally attacking the family of a Muslim service member who lost his life while in combat. The family spoke out against Trump at the DNC and have been hammering Trump in public ever since then.Kerr writes on the GoFundMe page: As with seemingly everything else in his life, Mr. Trump got one handed to him instead of earning it. That being said, as a Purple Heart recipient who earned one the old-fashioned way by returning from Afghanistan one leg lighter, I fully endorse his desire to earn one and would happily oblige his interest in doing so, by being one of the first to chip in to fly him to the conflict zone of his choosing. After all, you re never too old to follow your dreams. Kerr doesn t actually intend on using the money raised to fly Trump to a combat zone. Instead, he plans on donating the funds to organizations that help refugees. The organizations are ones that Trump would probably despise. Particularly the International Rescue Committee, an organization that helps newly arrived refugees in the United States.Kerr has a goal of raising $50,000 dollars. At the time of this writing, the GoFundMe has received more than $26,000 dollars in just three days. Kerr is officially promoting the fundraiser with the hashtag, #PurpleTrumpsOrange.As the radical right-wing begins to become ever more so brazen with their schemes to tear the U.S. apart and leave behind it s carcass to ravaged by the billionaire class, it s good to see people fighting back with humor and positivity. Who knows, maybe by the time the general election is over and after he is defeated, Trump s mouth will have rallied enough kind people in this nation to actually make it great   this time for the all those too marginalized to claim it ever truly has been.Featured image from Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5157, WATCH: Activist Destroys N.C. Republican’s Defense Of Racist Voter Laws (VIDEO),"North Carolina Republicans are reeling after a Fourth Circuit Court Judge decided last Friday what every person on the left already knows. North Carolina s GOP implemented a series of voting reforms that are a blatant attempt to disenfranchise voters of color. On Saturday, Rev. William Barber, a respected political activist, appeared on MSNBC s A.M. Joy where he slammed North Carolina Republicans for passing these discriminatory laws.The main target of Barber s ire is North Carolina s Republican governor, Pat McCrory. McCrory, while he wasn t busy reappropriating North Carolina s disaster relief funds to fight for the right to discriminate against LGBTQ people, signed voter disenfranchisement reforms into law. He is also now trying to do everything he can to keep those laws in place, including appealing to the Supreme Court.Barber touched on this matter during the interview saying: I think the Supreme Court will leave it like it is. This was a unanimous decision. The judge who wrote the decision actually dissented when we asked for a preliminary injunction. When she received the whole record, she reviewed it and saw that this was not disparate impact, but intentional discrimination. Barber then went on to compare McCrory to the infamous racist George Wallace: The suggestion that these jurists who are above reproach are involved in some kind of conspiracy, a partisan conspiracy, you know that sounds more like some of the things that George Wallace said back in the 60 s, rather than what a 21st-century governor should be saying. As other voting rights advocates have noted, the court decision under discussion is one of the greatest anti-disenfranchisement victories in recent memory.  Given the consistently unanimous legal agreement n the matter, it is hard to believe that McCrory will get his way and continue the GOP s nefarious scheme to keep voters of color from practicing their rights as Americans.You can watch the segment below, in full.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5158, Board-Certified Psychiatrist BRUTALLY Diagnoses Donald Trump,"Fox News commentator Charles Krauthammer wrote a column discussing Donald Trump s mental health on Thursday and he did not hold back.Krauthammer, who happens to be a board-certified psychiatrist, strongly rebuked the Republican nominee for viciously attacking Khizr Khan and his wife Ghazala, who lost their son Humayun when he sacrificed his life to save his fellow American soldiers in Iraq. It reveals a shocking absence of elementary decency and of natural empathy for the most profound of human sorrows   parental grief,  Krauthammer wrote.  It wasn t a mistake. It was a revelation. Krauthammer then put his psychiatry skills to work, slamming Trump s narcissism and thin skin. Trump s hypersensitivity and unedited, untempered Pavlovian responses are, shall we say, unusual in both ferocity and predictability.This is beyond narcissism. I used to think Trump was an 11-year-old, an undeveloped schoolyard bully. I was off by about 10 years. His needs are more primitive, an infantile hunger for approval and praise, a craving that can never be satisfied. He lives in a cocoon of solipsism where the world outside himself has value   indeed exists   only insofar as it sustains and inflates him. Krauthammer went on to say that Trump is struggling to  pass the threshold test for acceptability,  comparing this year s election to the 1980 Election in which Reagan defeated incumbent President Jimmy Carter.  Trump badly needs to pass that threshold,  he wrote.  If character is destiny, he won t. Indeed, Trump is definitely no Ronald Reagan. Reagan spoke positively about America and the future while Trump is all gloom and doom and doesn t know when to keep his mouth shut.Krauthammer is not the only mental health professional who has talked about Trump s mental health status either.Dr. Drew Pinsky appeared on CNN earlier this week and expressed concern about Trump s temperament and impulsiveness. The question, though, is, are some of the reckless qualities that everyone is getting so disturbed about on the campaign going to be translated into office should he get elected? That s a pretty hard thing to predict. I don t know if this is just somebody playing politics, or is this somebody who really can t contain their impulses? When I hear people that are impulsive with their speech, I worry about hypomania and bipolar types of conditions. Pinsky went on to question the mental stability of Trump s supporters.Clearly, there is something wrong with Donald Trump and he is not fit to be president of the United States at a time when there is so much conflict and upheaval in the world. We need a steady hand at the helm, not a hand that lashes out over every little slight and criticism, especially when that hand belongs to a man who is obsessed with using nuclear weapons. Mental instability and access to the nuclear codes would be a dangerous combination.Featured Image: John Moore/Getty Images",0
5159, WATCH: Rob Reiner Rips Rick Santorum A New One For Defending Mentally Ill Trump,"Rick Santorum had the impossible job of defending Donald Trump during Friday s Real Time and he found himself humiliatingly outnumbered.Bill Maher began by expressing astonishment at how the Republican nominee has been acting throughout the campaign. Even conservative commentator Tara Setmayer couldn t believe Trump s antics, surmising that it s almost like he is trying to lose but people just keep supporting him so he has to do something even more outrageous. It s easy to behave this way when you re mentally ill,  director Rob Reiner chimed in.  It s not like he s trying to lose. He can t help himself. Then Santorum took his turn and instantly became the punching bag for Maher and the other two panelists when he attempted to defend Trump as some kind of change-maker while portraying Hillary Clinton as a politics-as-usual candidate.Setmayer pointed at Santorum and pointed out that people like him are to blame for Trump getting this far while Rob Reiner once again pleaded,  Stop being mentally ill. Santorum claimed that Trump was relatively tame on Friday, prompting Setmayer to ask if Trump seriously  wants a cookie for acting like an adult  for once.Maher explained that Trump can never be president because  his number one priority is getting back at anybody who has slighted him in any way. Santorum continued repeating how Trump has tapped into some kind of anger among conservatives who think they are being ignored, but Setmayer hit back by noting that there s a way to do that  without acting like a petulant child,  and that Trump is an embarrassment.Santorum then attacked Hillary Clinton by claiming Trump isn t a liar like her by bringing up her emails again, which drew the ire of Rob Reiner. Let s talk about the FBI! There was one email! One email that was not listed as classified   with a little tiny  c    and James Comey said anybody could have missed that! Enough of that! Enough of that! Bill Maher agreed, saying that he is  sick  of hearing about Hillary s emails all the time.The panel continued piling on Santorum with Setmayer doing the most damage and then Maher slammed Republicans for  handcuffing themselves to a dead hooker  by making Trump their nominee and catering to a base that hates and denies facts.Here s the video via YouTube:Donald Trump is an embarrassment to this country and as this episode of Maher demonstrates, even conservatives are embarrassed that he is the Republican nominee. Those who still support him are either ignorant or just want to watch the world burn.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5160, 70% Of Republican High Rollers Want Trump Out Of Their Party – And The 2016 Race,"Donald Trump has been an absolute nightmare for the Republican Party establishment. The last week or so has been especially horrible, from his unbelievably despicable fight with the Khans, the Muslim American parents of a fallen Iraq war hero, to his continuous and deliberate feuds with members of his own party, to his continued flirtations with Russian dictator Vladimir Putin   all of it has been one big headache since Trump and his trophy wife rode down that escalator and he announced his bid for the presidency.Well, prominent Republicans all over the place have been coming out of the woodwork to say they won t support or vote for Trump, and some are even saying they will vote for Hillary Clinton in order to put country first and save us all from The Donald. That number seems to be much higher than those brave folks who are openly denouncing Trump, though. Politico conducted an anonymous poll of GOP insiders, and a shocking 70% of them are not only as horrified as the rest of us are by Trump, but they actually want him out of the 2016 race and out of the Republican Party. A couple also went on to express their fears about Trump regarding his effects on the party: I d rather take our chances with nearly anyone else than continue with this certain loser who will likely cost the Senate and much more. The effect Trump is having on down-ballot races has the potential to be devastating in November. His negative image among Hispanics, women and independents is something that could be devastating to Republicans. Trump s divisive rhetoric to the Hispanic community at large has the potential to be devastating for years to come. While many seem to wish Trump would leave the race, most   58%   believe that he will not. One GOPer from New Hampshire had a rather sarcastic reply regarding that subject: I also wish I could lose 20 pounds, cut 5 shots off my handicap and play the piano. It s not just the party they should be worried about, though. It s the safety of the nation. Trump is dangerously unqualified. The most patriotic thing they could do would be to do all they can to undermine his candidacy, take one for the team, and try again with someone who is actually qualified in 2020. If you cannot do that openly, at least, in the privacy of the voting booth, do what you ve done here and vote for the candidate who is actually qualified. You survived Obama. You ll survive Hillary, too. But the real kicker is this: NONE OF US would survive Trump.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
5161, #AfterTrumpImplodes Hashtag Hilariously Imagines What Will Happen In A Post-Trump World,"What will the world be like post-Donald Trump? A new hashtag, #AfterTrumpImplodes, is working its way through Twitter, carrying people s predictions about what such a world will be like. This is especially on target right now because Trump is, in fact, imploding, and he s taking the GOP with him. That s inevitably good for a strong social media lashing.Of course, there are predictions about what will happen to the GOP:#AfterTrumpImplodes I ll sell the leftover scraps of the GOP on eBay.  JohnyActionSpacePunk (@JohnyAction) August 6, 2016 #AfterTrumpImplodes The resulting black hole will swallow the Republican Party.  Mama Says No (@Mamasaysnonono) August 6, 2016#AfterTrumpImplodes He ll leave behind a noxious green globule, which will get the GOP nod.  Crutnacker (@Crutnacker) August 6, 2016There are tweets making fun of Trump s blatantly unworkable Mexican border wall: #AfterTrumpImplodes this will be the only wall with his name on it. pic.twitter.com/5bTiGaFGIP  Linda Childers (@LindaChilders1) August 5, 2016#AfterTrumpImplodes he s gonna build a wall, a beautiful wall, around his asylum, and he s gonna make the voices in his head pay for it.  Richard Jeter (@MilesToGo13) August 5, 2016 maybe we can build a wall around them #AfterTrumpimplodes https://t.co/zuqlyJX0a1  Kimanne123 (@kimanne123) August 6, 2016And tweets mocking his penchant for touting his own greatness and blaming everyone but himself when the media reports otherwise:He and his followers will blame it on everyone and everything but he and his followers. #AfterTrumpImplodes  Lizbuddie (@lizbuddie) August 6, 2016 #AfterTrumpImplodes he ll claim that his mind was rigged, by people with small hands.  Token White Karim (@KarimKovacevic) August 6, 2016#AfterTrumpImplodes tries to sue Hitler AND Mussolini for flawed campaign strategies as taught at Hitler University  Andrew Brodie (@andrewbrodie331) August 6, 2016There s an attack on something that just came to light about Trump s campaign   the fact that people with recurring donations can t cancel them: You MIGHT be able to cancel your recurring campaign donation #AfterTrumpImplodes.Then again, maybe not. https://t.co/HU7ESDkr7D  Sue Jensen (@suedinym) August 5, 2016And there s the general mocking that always goes along with a hashtag like this:#aftertrumpimplodes Wikileaks will leak the long awatied TrumpTax Returns, we will see he has paid no taxes for the last 12 yrs  Michael (@griffbos) August 6, 2016 We all have to lick that orange dust off our fingers for a year. #AfterTrumpImplodes  Dean Lopata (@DLoIndustries) August 6, 2016#AfterTrumpImplodes Americans can travel to Europen without pretending to be Canadians  (((katesavage))) (@katesavage) August 6, 2016 #aftertrumpimplodes He ll demand to have the codes to  Implosions .  AEGreallive (@AEGreallive) August 6, 2016It s pretty clear what people think of a Trump implosion. There are some Trumpkins trying to fight the onslaught by saying that he won t implode, that it s Hillary who s imploded, and blah blah blabbity blabbity blah   the typical delusional ranting from that crowd. They re mostly being drowned out by people who see Trump for who he really is.Featured image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
5162, New Polls Stun: State That’s Been Deep Red For OVER 20 YEARS May Become Key Battleground State,"Republicans have long held the Deep South in their grip, but there are signs that may be changing. FiveThirtyEight.com is looking at Georgia right now, which has consistently voted for Republican candidates in every presidential election going back to 1992. However, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are virtually neck-and-neck there, and there are other races that show Georgia possibly turning purple this year.The Atlanta Journal-Constitution just released a poll showing Hillary leading Trump 41 percent to 38 percent. While that is within the margin of error for that poll, other polls likewise show a very tight race there. Trump is still favored to carry Georgia and its 16 electoral votes, with a 55 to 72 percent chance of winning, according to FiveThirtyEight s polls-only and polls-plus models, respectively. This poll shows a growing chance that Trump will lose there.Hillary would have a 59 percent chance of winning if the election were held today. Georgia doesn t have a huge chance of being the state that decides the outcome of November s election, but the fact that it has a chance at all is astounding, given the rabid conservatism there. With a Georgia win, FiveThirtyEight s electoral maps give Hillary 270 to 275 electoral votes even if she loses Ohio, Pennsylvania, and possibly Florida.It s not just the presidential race that s making Georgia stand out. Senator Johnny Isakson is struggling to keep his seat amidst a tight race with his Democratic opponent Jim Barksdale. Isakson only has a six-point lead right now, compared to his previous two elections, both of which he won by more than 17 points.Nationwide, another poll shows that more people favor a Democratic Congress than a Republican Congress. Six years of Tea Party obstruction, childishness and general craziness has likely soured people s opinions of the GOP, and the train wreck that is Donald Trump isn t helping. In fact, Isakson s race (along with Sen. Kelly Ayotte s and others) is confirming GOP fears that Trump s poisonous influence is starting to harm down-ticket races.Georgia s stunning transformation into a battleground state is due in part to its changing demographics. There s a swiftly-growing black community there, and the black community nationwide tends to vote overwhelmingly Democratic. Trump s shunning of so-called  political correctness,  along with his blatant racism, is probably amplifying that effect.Like what s happening in Utah, this is an interesting and surprising development. Georgia is well-known as a Republican stronghold. Now, it s further evidence that the GOP s stranglehold over many states is weakening.Photo of Hillary by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images. Photo of Donald Trump by Alex Wong/Getty Images. Images merged by Rika Christensen",0
5163, Carson Gives LAUGHABLE Reason Trump Won’t Discuss His Good Deeds,"Dr. Ben Carson has earned the dubious honor of refuting the idea that brain surgeon equals smart. It clearly doesn t, at least not beyond the operating table. Carson, who was beaten badly in the GOP primaries, is one of the few competitors who has given his full support to Donald Trump, although, if his latest comment is any indication, he s never actually met Trump or even heard him talk.On Morning Joe, Carson was asked a whole bunch of questions, with nearly zero follow-up. Carson, unchecked, lied about the economy and while he doesn t approve of the entire tone of Trump s campaign, he was allowed to make the claim that both sides do it.The most jaw-dropping part of the interview began at about 6:52 in when Morning Joe contributor Mike Barnacle asked Carson why Trump has such a hard time speaking to people about loss. He was referring to Trump s absolutely unsympathetic treatment of the Khans, who are a Gold Star family and who lost their son in Iraq. Carson denied that Trump was heartless. Please, for your computer s safety, swallow your drink before reading further.According to Carson, Trump is very compassionate and the only reason we don t hear about the good things he does for people is that   no, I did not make this up   Trump doesn t like self-praise. Yes, we re still talking about Donald Trump. I m then hopeful that he will begin to put to put out many of the stories that I am very familiar with, of things that he has done to help people who have been in very, very difficult situations. You know, he he feels that, you know, that s self-praising, he doesn t want to do it. Here s the video:Huh. Isn t that Carson right next to Trump during this debate last September, where Trump bragged enough about himself that someone made an entire video made of just Trump bragging? That s just one debate. If some brave soul attempted to go through all the election footage, the videos would go on for hours, if not days.Dr. Carson, there are plenty of things you can say about Donald Trump, and if you try hard enough, you might even find something that s not despicable, but modesty is certainly not one of them.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5164, Planned Parenthood’s Latest Announcement Will Cause Right-Wing Blood To BOIL,"You know what scares Republicans more than black people voting in elections? An army of women exercising their rights. For quite some time, the right wing has been on the attack against Planned Parenthood, and now the women s health organization is fighting back in the best way possible: by, as they say, working to  engage historically disenfranchised communities. On Friday, Planned Parenthood announced that it will begin registering voters at its clinics, on college campuses, and at other locations, regardless of their background, beliefs, or political ideology.  In other words, they don t care if a woman is exercising her right to have an abortion or is standing outside holding signs and spewing threats at people who enter their facilities. They just want more people to vote. If we can t all participate in our government, we all get cheated,  Anna Keene, a Planned Parenthood spokeswoman, told the Huffington Post.  We re launching the  My Vote, My Voice  campaign to help ensure that every voice is heard and every vote is counted in communities across the country. No matter what your political beliefs are, if you don t or can t vote, then you can t elect officials who will keep your best interests in mind. While the campaign itself aims to register any voters, it is unlikely that conservatives will allow themselves to be registered by Planned Parenthood. Since the organization attracts the young, low-income people, and people of color   all groups that are more likely to support Democrats. The launch of the program is tied to the 51st anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, a 1965 law that once protected the rights of African-Americans to vote before the conservative-heavy Supreme Court gutted it in 2013. Our purpose is to engage historically disenfranchised communities,  Erin Carhart, Planned Parenthood manager of youth organizing, explained.  Our hope is to encourage folks to participate in democracy. This is just one more reason Republicans will continue their desperate and nonsensical attempts to close Planned Parenthood clinics nationwide. Not only will they be enabling women to make the healthcare choices that are right for their individual circumstances, but the organzation will be creating more and more voters who will be likely to vote BLUE in November. Make sure you join them at the polls.If you d like to register to vote, click the following link.Featured image via PBS",0
5165, Trump Just Outed Himself As YUUUGE Liar After Saying He Saw U.S. Plane Unloading Money To Iran,"Oh, Donald Trump. The pathological liar has struck again, although everyone should have seen this coming. At a rally in Daytona Beach, he made an absurd claim that he saw  top secret  footage of a U.S. plane unloading $400 million in payment to Iran the same day that four American detainees were released. Of course, he later used Twitter to try and backpedal, but all he really did was admit that he lied through his teeth:The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 5, 2016The tape that he saw allegedly came from Iran, and he made it out to be some kind of taunt on their part: It was interesting because a tape was made. Right? You saw that? With the airplane coming in   nice plane   and the airplane coming in, and the money coming off, I guess. Right? That was given to us   has to be   by the Iranians. And you know why the tape was given to us? Because they want to embarrass our country. They want to embarrass our country. And they want to embarrass our president because we have a president who s incompetent. They want to embarrass our president.I mean, who would ever think they would be taking all of this money off the plane and then providing us with a tape? It s only for one reason. And it s very, very sad. Oddly enough for him, intelligence officials had zero idea what he was talking about, since no such video exists. There are two yuuuge problems with this:And he has the nerve to call Hillary  Crooked Hillary,  in part because of the right-wing narrative that she mishandled classified info. As president, he ll brag about every juicy thing he sees because it makes him feel important and superior to have access to info that others don t have. He can t wait to tell the world how much better he is than they are.On Wednesday, a spokesperson said that he d simply mistaken a grainy video of detainees being released, which played on Fox News, for this  to secret  video. However, Trump made this absurd claim again on Thursday, in Portland, Maine, as if the video was part of the intelligence briefings he s getting as a presidential candidate.Those briefings have not yet begun.As his story began developing holes, and then unraveling entirely, Trump decided he had to scramble in order to avoid looking like the liar of liars caught in a lie. His tweet is meant to make it look like he d just made a mistake. It s in line with what his spokesperson said, but, again, the timeline is way off.All he really did was say,  I lied about this, but it doesn t matter! Sorry not sorry! Featured image by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5166," Harvard Republicans Disavow Trump, Call On The GOP To Abandon Him","Republicans are flocking away from the GOP s presidential candidate in droves. One group of Republicans just joined the ranks of those who cannot support Donald Trump. The Harvard Republican Club has decided that they cannot in good conscience support Trump s presidential bid.On Thursday, the Harvard Republican Club s editorial board published a press release that masterfully lays out the case as to why they cannot    and nor should anyone else   support Trump: In every presidential election since 1888, the members and Executive Board of the Harvard Republican Club have gathered to discuss, debate, and eventually endorse the standard-bearer of our party. But for the first time in 128 years, we, the oldest College Republicans chapter in the nation, will not be endorsing the Republican nominee.Donald Trump holds views that are antithetical to our values not only as Republicans, but as Americans. The rhetoric he espouses  from racist slander to misogynistic taunts  is not consistent with our conservative principles, and his repeated mocking of the disabled and belittling of the sacrifices made by prisoners of war, Gold Star families, and Purple Heart recipients is not only bad politics, but absurdly cruel. According to the Harvard Crimson, very few members of the Harvard Republican Club planned on supporting Trump. Only 10% of their membership indicated that they support Trump. An overwhelming majority   80%   said that they will not support Trump. 10% of the club was still undecided at the time they were asked. You can read the full letter below.Dear Members and Alumni,In every presidential election since 1888, the members and Executive Board of the Harvard Republican Club have gathered to discuss, debate, and eventually endorse the standard-bearer of our party. But for the first time in 128 years, we, the oldest College Republicans chapter in the nation, will not be endorsing the Republican nominee.Donald Trump holds views that are antithetical to our values not only as Republicans, but as Americans. The rhetoric he espouses  from racist slander to misogynistic taunts  is not consistent with our conservative principles, and his repeated mocking of the disabled and belittling of the sacrifices made by prisoners of war, Gold Star families, and Purple Heart recipients is not only bad politics, but absurdly cruel.If enacted, Donald Trump s platform would endanger our security both at home and abroad. Domestically, his protectionist trade policies and draconian immigration restrictions would enlarge our federal deficit, raise prices for consumers, and throw our economy back into recession. Trump s global outlook, steeped in isolationism, is considerably out-of-step with the traditional Republican stance as well. The flippancy with which he is willing to abdicate the United States  responsibility to lead is alarming. Calling for the US  withdrawal from NATO and actively endorsing nuclear proliferation, Donald Trump s foreign policy would wreak havoc on the established world order which has held aggressive foreign powers in check since World War II.Perhaps most importantly, however, Donald Trump simply does not possess the temperament and character necessary to lead the United States through an increasingly perilous world. The last week should have made obvious to all what has been obvious to most for more than a year. In response to any slight  perceived or real  Donald Trump lashes out viciously and irresponsibly. In Trump s eyes, disagreement with his actions or his policies warrants incessant name calling and derision: stupid, lying, fat, ugly, weak, failing, idiot  and that s just his  fellow  Republicans.He isn t eschewing political correctness. He is eschewing basic human decency.Donald Trump, despite spending more than a year on the campaign trail, has either refused or been unable to educate himself on issues that matter most to Americans like us. He speaks only in platitudes, about greatness, success, and winning. Time and time again, Trump has demonstrated his complete lack of knowledge on critical matters, meandering from position to position over the course of the election. When confronted about these frequent reversals, Trump lies in a manner more brazen and shameless than anything politics has ever seen.Millions of people across the country are feeling despondent. Their hours have been cut, wages slashed, jobs even shipped overseas. But Donald Trump doesn t have a plan to fix that. He has a plan to exploit that.Donald Trump is a threat to the survival of the Republic. His authoritarian tendencies and flirtations with fascism are unparalleled in the history of our democracy. He hopes to divide us by race, by class, and by religion, instilling enough fear and anxiety to propel himself to the White House. He is looking to to pit neighbor against neighbor, friend against friend, American against American. We will not stand for this vitriolic rhetoric that is poisoning our country and our children.President Reagan called on us to maintain this, our shining city on a hill. He called on us to maintain freedom abroad by keeping a strong presence in the world. He called on us to maintain liberty at home by upholding the democratic process and respecting our opponents. He called on us to maintain decency in our hearts by loving our neighbor.He would be ashamed of Donald Trump. We are too.This fall, we will instead focus our efforts on reclaiming the Republican Party from those who have done it considerable harm, campaigning for candidates who will uphold the conservative principles that have defined the Republican Party for generations. We will work to ensure both chambers of Congress remain in Republican hands, continuing to protect against executive overreach regardless of who wins the election this November.We call on our party s elected leaders to renounce their support of Donald Trump, and urge our fellow College Republicans to join us in condemning and withholding their endorsement from this dangerous man. The conservative movement in America should not and will not go quietly into the night.A longtime student of American democracy, Alexis de Tocqueville once said,  America is great because she is good. If America ceases to be good, America will cease to be great. De Tocqueville believed in the United States. Americans are a decent people. We work hard, protect our own, and look out for one another in times of need, regardless of the color of our skin, the God we worship, or our party registration. Donald Trump may not believe in that America, but we do. And that America will never cease to be great.The Harvard Republican ClubGood going, Harvard Republicans. Now, hopefully the GOP leadership will follow suit.Featured image from Gage Skidmore/Flickr with text added",0
5167," Trump Can Only Think Of One Qualified Woman, And She Shares His DNA (VIDEO)","If you recall the 2012 election, which seemed a lesson in decorum compared to the 2016 presidential election, you probably remember that Mitt Romney s campaign was partially derailed by one comment. No, not the 47 percent comment, although that was likely the final straw. The first time Americans began to realize just how out of touch Romney was was when he was asked about women s equality, he cited that he had  binders full of women  he could consult.Well, Trump had his binder full of women moment on Friday and it was even worse, and more gender blind, than Romney s. When asked what women he would name to his cabinet, he was only able to name one, and that was Ivanka. Okay, to be fair, there was a second woman, the reporter asking him softball questions, who also happened to be a former Miss Florida contestant.The interview was with First Coast News in Florida, and reported in Buzzfeed.(Reporter and former Miss Florida contestant, Angelina) SAVAGE:  who you would actually put into office as one of your first female, in your cabinet? TRUMP: Well, we have so many different ones to choose. I can tell you everybody would say,  Put Ivanka in, put Ivanka in,  you know that, right? She s very popular, she s done very well, and you know Ivanka very well. But there really are so many that are really talented people   like you, you re so talented, but I don t know if your viewers know that.SAVAGE: Is this breaking news? Am I gonna be in the cabinet?TRUMP: But Angelia is   she is very talented.SAVAGE: Is that a yes?TRUMP: Sounds like it to me.Here s the video:Trump seems to feel that if he parades Ivanka around to enough campaign events, he will somehow magically win over women. It s not working. Only 28 percent of young women are fooled by Trump s transparent attempt at seeming woman friendly. Fewer than half of all voters see Ivanka favorably. That s bad for Trump s campaign, who has long had a difficult time reaching the female part of the electorate. Perhaps it s time he stop flirting with beautiful women and showing that he can support a woman who isn t model perfect.Featured image via Mark Wallheiser at Getty Images",0
5168, Sean Hannity Throws Hissy Fit After Real Reporter Calls Him ‘Dumbest Anchor’ On Fox News,"Just like Donald Trump, Sean Hannity has a thin skin and throws a temper tantrum on Twitter whenever someone tells the truth about him.That s what happened on Thursday when Wall Street Journal foreign affairs columnist Bret Stephens took a shot at Hannity by calling him  Fox News  dumbest anchor  for attacking Republican leaders for not blindly supporting Trump no matter what he does and threatened to blame them on the air repeatedly if Trump loses in November.Fox News  dumbest anchor had a message for y all: https://t.co/AMQutLDeow via @Yahoo  Bret Stephens (@StephensWSJ) August 5, 2016And that was enough to cause the Fox News host to explode in rage on Twitter with a series of posts attacking Stephens. Wsj genius. Where were u when Boehner punted on the power of the purse a added nearly 5 trillion in new debt? https://t.co/oaH1b92PFS  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) August 5, 2016Where were you when R party refused to use the power of the purse to defund Obamacare ? https://t.co/oaH1b92PFS  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) August 5, 2016 Where were you dumbass when in 2014 R s said the would stop Obama s illegal and unconstitutional exec amnesty? https://t.co/oaH1b92PFS  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) August 5, 2016It s arrogant, elitist, enablers like you that never hold R s accountable that created the opening for Trump!! https://t.co/oaH1b92PFS  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) August 5, 2016 If Hillary wins I will hold assholes like you accountable. You will be responsible for her Supreme ct selections..,, https://t.co/oaH1b92PFS  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) August 5, 2016Where were u when weak pathetic Boehner & Co allowed the POTUS to accumulate more debt than all 43 pres combined https://t.co/U0LWTPLzOw  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) August 5, 2016Hannity s hissy fit even carried over to Friday. Congress has the power of the purse. Why in 2014 did R s promise to defund exec amnesty? Why capitulate to Obama? https://t.co/U0LWTPLzOw  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) August 5, 2016Hannity is right that Congress has the power of the purse, but not funding Obamacare would have resulted in a veto, which is a power the president has. Ultimately, a government shutdown would have occurred and Republicans would have been blamed like they were in 2013 when Ted Cruz persuaded Republicans to defund Obamacare that October. The standoff was a disaster for Republicans who were overwhelmingly blamed in multiple polls and would have resulted in the United States defaulting on the national debt had the shutdown not been ended by Republicans backing down and funding the law.Furthermore, Hannity didn t care about the national debt when President Bush was busy adding trillions to it with two wars that lasted over a decade. Bush took a surplus left by Bill Clinton and turned it into a $1.4 trillion deficit that Fox News and Republicans immediately tried to blame President Obama for. And just so Hannity knows, President Obama s fiscal responsibility has nearly eliminated that deficit.This is the second time in a month that Hannity has flown off the handle because he couldn t deal with being criticized.The first incident occurred just after the Republican Convention in Cleveland when Jon Stewart took over Stephen Colbert s desk and delivered an epic smackdown of Hannity for being hypocrite by hating on President Obama for certain things while loving the same things about Trump.Here s the video of that epic mocking via YouTube.And of course, Hannity responded by losing his sh*t on his radio show.It s really no wonder why Hannity supports Trump. He looks at him and sees himself.Featured image via screen capture.",0
5169, WATCH: Seth Meyers Hilariously Reviews Trump’s Very Bad Week,"Donald Trump has had a terrible week, so Seth Meyers piled on with a load of humiliation and mockery.Republicans are starting to back away from Donald Trump, but not because he s a racist and a misogynist. They re okay with that. Republicans are mad because their nominee has refused to endorse House Speaker Paul Ryan in the tough primary race he faces in Wisconsin.During his show on Thursday night, Seth Meyers had a field day with Trump s disastrous week. This is the final straw?  Meyers asked.  Not the racism or the misogyny or the wall? Yep, that s certainly what it looks like. And even some of Trump s most ardent supporters are starting to criticize him.Newt Gingrich was on Trump s shortlist to be the vice-presidential nominee and he compared Trump to a great quarterback who throws a bunch of interceptions in a game.But Meyers corrected him: Actually, it s more like watching a quarterback throw an interception, blame the interception on Mexicans, insult the coach s mother and then storm off the field bitching that the game is rigged. Mike Huckabee, who had no problem setting aside his  Christian  morals to defend Trump, a man who has none, defended Trump s meltdown by insisting that he will be surrounded by the best people if he is put the White House even though Trump hasn t exactly done that during his campaign or at the convention, where most Republican shunned Trump and he ended up bringing has-beens like Scott Baio to Cleveland.Well, Seth Myers had a response to that as well. Dudes, chill out   he ll be way cooler and more reasonable just as soon as we give him more power,  Meyers sarcastically said. You know, the same way drunk people always calm down once you give them back their car keys. And I m not sure it s all that comforting when the biggest promise you can make about your candidate is, he ll have adults around him and we ll lock him out of his Twitter account. That s how it works with Justin Bieber, and it barely works with him. But perhaps the biggest gaffe Trump made this week is when he kicked a mother and her baby out of a rally because the baby was crying.Trump appeared to show compassion and understanding at first, but then he quickly demonstrated his dislike of babies by asking for the mother and baby to be removed. That is a huge gaffe for a Republican, because the GOP platform does not allow you to change your mind about a baby,  Meyers quipped.Meyers then went on to mock Trump for being obsessed with starting a nuclear apocalypse and for already whining about how the election is allegedly already rigged against him.Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump is not fit to be president of the most powerful nation on the planet. He is joke and would be seen as a joke by the rest of the world. Republicans should be embarrassed and ashamed that they made Trump their nominee. The only way they can redeem themselves is by making sure Trump loses by a landslide on Election Day.Featured image via screen capture",0
5170, Former CIA Director Reveals How Putin Recruited Trump To Be A Double Agent,"Former CIA Director Michael J. Morell has written a devastating op-ed in the New York Times. In it, he makes it very clear that he believes the safety of America is at significant risk if the American people elect Donald Trump to the presidency.In the course of that essay, Morell also points out the far-too-cozy relationship Trump has with Russian president Vladimir Putin.The dangers that flow from Mr. Trump s character are not just risks that would emerge if he became president. It is already damaging our national security.President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia was a career intelligence officer, trained to identify vulnerabilities in an individual and to exploit them. That is exactly what he did early in the primaries. Mr. Putin played upon Mr. Trump s vulnerabilities by complimenting him. He responded just as Mr. Putin had calculated.[ ]In the intelligence business, we would say that Mr. Putin had recruited Mr. Trump as an unwitting agent of the Russian Federation.Morell also notes that Trump  undermined security with his call for barring Muslims from entering the country  and that his bigotry  plays into the hands of the jihadist narrative that our fight against terrorism is a war between religions. The former official points out that Muslims have key roles in defending America, including the man who ran the C.I.A. s Counterterrorism Center for nearly a decade.He also heaps praise on Hillary Clinton, while making clear that he served under Presidents of both parties   three Democrats and three Republicans. On Clinton Morell says: I found her to be prepared, detail-oriented, thoughtful, inquisitive and willing to change her mind if presented with a compelling argument. The essay comes as Trump has begun to collapse in national polls and polls in swing states. They reflect a post-Convention surge in popularity for Clinton, but also reflect disgust over Trump s repeated attacks on the family of a fallen U.S. Army captain.Featured image via screen capture",0
5171, ANOTHER Poll Has Clinton Beating Trump By 15 Points,"Last week, RABA Research had Hillary Clinton beating Donald Trump in a general election match-up by 15 points, gaining 10 points on the GOP presidential candidate after a strong showing at the Democratic National Convention.RABA s poll was considered a complete outlier, given most other polls (whether they be from Reuters, CNN, Fox, Ipsos) had Clinton beating Trump by 6 to 10 points.But now a second poll has come out that may put RABA back into the mainstream.A McClatchy-Marist poll has given Hillary Clinton a 15 point lead over Donald Trump (48-33), and a 14 point lead when factoring in third party candidates (45-31). So even with spoilers, Clinton blows Trump out of the water.What s even more fascinating is the McClatchy-Marist poll shows Clinton with an 8 point lead among men, and a 23 point lead among those who identify as moderates. Clinton is also viewed as more presidential than Trump by 14 points (53-39).When it comes to who can best handle the War on Terror, immigration, gun violence, trade and jobs, Clinton bests Trump in EVERY category, by a margin of 4-21 points.While Clinton gained in Democratic support, going from 83 percent to 90 percent, Trump lost among Republicans, going from 85 percent to 79 percent.So Jill Stein isn t siphoning off Clinton supporters, but it would appear Gary Johnson may be gaining with Trump supporters. I guess those in the  Never Trump  camp are aplenty while those in the  Never Hillary  are almost non-existent.Wasn t Trump supposed to be the great unifier? He s losing members of his own party, and quickly (remember, the RNC was only two weeks ago).In fact, 57 percent of people voting for Clinton are voting for her, more or less, because of her, whereas 40 percent are doing it to spite Trump. On the other side, only 36 percent of Trump supporters are voting for the billionaire because they like him, while 57 are voting for him to spite Clinton.So Trump s voters don t really like him all that much. Clinton s voters? They sure do.This poll is not an outlier. It s the second one showing Secretary Clinton with a monumental lead. As Trump continues into the abyss, Clinton is truly making the sky her limit.This will only pay off if Democrats and progressives alike get out and vote.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5172, Trump’s Stink Poisons GOP Race That Could Decide Whether Dems Retake The Senate,"Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) is fighting hard to keep her seat, but now it seems that Donald Trump is busy destroying her chances. Her opponent, Democratic Gov. Maggie Hassan, is leading her by a full ten points now, when before the two were virtually deadlocked. Ayotte was swept to power in the disastrous Tea Party wave of 2010, but her support for Trump has now made her look like a fool.To be sure, Ayotte is no fan of Trump. She supports him in the name of  party unity,  though. Her lack of a formal endorsement doesn t seem to sway the voters, who increasingly view Trump and his supporters as, well, really horribly bad people. That includes Ayotte. As one of the pollsters involved in this particular poll says: There s a very close relationship between the votes for Kelly Ayotte and Donald Trump. Their support is sort of locked together. And with the direction that Donald Trump seems to be heading in, Kelly Ayotte s task is to somehow decouple those two. Trump s stock has plummeted in New Hampshire, where Hillary now commands a 17-point lead. She has also gained solid leads in Pennsylvania and Michigan   two other crucial battleground states. If Trump s support is locked together with Ayotte s, then as he falters, so does she.Democrats said just three days ago that Ayotte is too much of a coward to stand up to Trump, despite the fact that she defended the Khan family against Trump s childish, classless tirades. They re right, but, predictably, her campaign said that s not true. She s merely focusing her attention on keeping her seat, and Trump is irrelevant to her race.Then they dropped this gem, which isn t going to help her in the slightest: It s just not good manners to attack the nominee of your party. Oh please. When the nominee of your party is as dark and dangerous as one Donald Trump, attacking him may well be the only way some of these Republicans keep their seats.Ayotte is one of three Republicans that Trump has refused to endorse, and he bashed her over the weekend while inexplicably and laughably saying,  I m leading her in the polls. I m doing very well in New Hampshire.  Just, what? It s amazing she doesn t know how stupid her support for Trump makes her look.If Trump can t get himself under control, then there are several Republicans that are done. Alas, it s impossible to call that a heartbreaking conclusion.Featured image by Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
5173, Trump Fans Don’t Care If Melania Broke Immigration Laws Because She’s White (VIDEO),"Recently, reports have been circulating that Melania Trump may have been working illegally during her first five years in the United States, including while the GOP presidential nominee and his latest in a string of wives were dating   a huge no-no to Donald Trump s idiot supporters. So Buzzfeed decided to get out there and ask Trump supporters what they thought about this new development.None of the Trump supporters Buzzfeed asked about the new information that Melania Trump s nude photographs from 1995 revealed she had actually been in the United States longer than the has previously claimed were informed about it, but few actually cared that she broke the law. After all, she isn t a Mexican rapist or a Muslim terrorist. I haven t heard about this before, but it s not true,  one woman told the publication.  But if, but if It doesn t matter anyway.  Another explained that  Hillary used to be a Republican  and  Trump used to be a Democrat, things change!  He failed to explain how one s immigration status at a particular time can  change.  Another said that the media  shouldn t pick on Trump s wife  because  Obama has gotten a pass  on proving his citizenship, which is well-documented.Another man said we shouldn t  pick on Trump s wife  when Obama s  gotten a pass  on proving his citizenship. pic.twitter.com/xiwbX3bqWC  Ema O Connor (@o_ema) August 4, 2016One supporter says she doesn t care about the issue. She just wants a wall   and  what is going on with Obama.  Most of the Trump supporters I asked about Melania s questionable immigration story did not know and did not care. pic.twitter.com/aXgOv3liZX  Ema O Connor (@o_ema) August 4, 2016One man decided to cut past the bullsh*t and simply explained that he and other supporters don t care if she worked here illegally because they re fine with  Europeans coming here.  He did not explain what he meant by that, but  European-Americans  is white supremacist slang for white people, so there s that.Some supporters said they wouldn t care of Melania worked illegally because they re fine w/  Europeans coming here  pic.twitter.com/Mf3tWe05R6  Ema O Connor (@o_ema) August 4, 2016Trump fans love his immigration policies, but only so far as they would keep more brown people, Muslims, or others they consider undesirables from entering the country. Need evidence? Just listen to them.These people will be voting in November. Will you?Featured image via screengrab",0
5174," Reviews Are In For Convicted Felon Dinesh D’Souza’s Anti-Hillary Film, And They’re HILARIOUS (SCREENSHOTS)","Recently, fans of DC Comics   Suicide Squad  started a petition to shut down review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes after the site collected negative reviews of the latest superhero film. Sure, the reviews were written by people who had actually seen the film, and of course their opinions were solely based on clips made available on preview reels, but they were angry. You can pretty much expect conservatives to jump on that bandwagon soon enough once they see what critics think of convicted felon and filmmaker Dinesh D Souza s latest  embarrassment to propaganda films. The film, which has taken in less than a quarter-million dollars since its July 15 release, boasts an 84% rating from conservatives who eagerly lap up whatever D Souza sh*ts onto a screen, but actual reviewers found it hard to stomach, giving it a four percent on the  Tomatometer.  Of 23 total reviews, only one was positive. This thing is madness,  raves Arizona Republic s Bill Goodykoontz. The Los Angeles Times Michael Rechtshaffen notes that the film  doesn t even qualify as effectively executed propaganda.  The AV Club s Vadim Rizov describes Hillary s America as  A series of conspiratorial talking points familiar to Breitbart-oriented readers, but reshuffled in a new, startlingly illogical order,  and the Chicago Daily Herald s Dann Gire calls it  an embarrassment to propaganda films.  To put it plainly,  Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates  averages 38 percent from critics. Now let s look at some of the user reviews:     Note that the guy who said Rotten Tomatoes, which simply aggregates reviews,  got this WAY wrong  has not seen the film. While the Right, desperate to justify their support of Trump or their hatred of Hillary Clinton, will give raving reviews to a film TheWrap s Sam Adams points out is  not intended to convince or to provoke thought, but to confirm the biases its intended audience already holds,  the rest of us see it as yet another pathetic attempt by someone who can t be trusted to respect campaign finance laws to attack Democrats in an election year.Featured image via screengrab",0
5175, Town’s Only Black Firefighter’s Home Burns Down After Racist Sends Threatening Letter (VIDEO),"On Monday night, Kenneth Walker received a letter in his mailbox. The letter, which appears to be written by someone who would be likely to support Donald Trump, warned Walker that he was not wanted in the small New York town of North Tonawanda   especially not in his current position.Walker is the town s sole African-American firefighter   the guy on whom residents can count to save them if something terrible happens. But to the person who wrote the letter, he s just a  n*gger. via CNNThe letter oh-so-politely informs him that  n*ggers  like himself are not welcome to be firefighters, and that  no one  wants him in the city. Walker is warned that he has  until the end of the week to resign  his position. The racist threat is punctuated by an ominous  or you will regret it .. n*gger. Apparently, the author was unwilling to actually wait until the end of the week. A fire broke out at Walker s home while he and his family were away. Almost everything inside was destroyed, including the family s two beloved pet cats. I have children that live here,  Walker told CNN affiliate WKBW.  You can have a problem with me, you can have a problem with anything I may say or do. But there s no reason to involve my home. I told everybody it s appalling to think about what s taking place,  North Tonawanda Fire Chief Joseph Sikora told CNN.  Our city has never had an issue like this. Not in 26 years. Quite frankly it sickens me. If nothing else, this hateful act has proved the letter writer wrong about exactly how wanted Walker actually is by the townsfolk. The community banded together to provide food, money and clothes to the Walker family, but they still have nowhere to live: Unfortunately we couldn t take anything because there s nowhere to put it. As for a resignation, it does not appear that will be happening. A sign outside the Gratwick Hose Fire Company reads,  We support Ken Walker. He s there on Sundays. He s there on holidays taking time away from his family and sleep to answer calls,  Bob Brennan of the fire company told WKBW.  I wish I had 20 more members like Ken Walker. Walker says he refuses to be intimidated, and that he is  not at this point going to resign.  He may consider a transfer to another company, however, if he determines his family is not safe.The FBI is investigating the attack.Watch a report on the fire below:Featured image via screengrab",0
5176, Watch How Obama Shoots Down Trump’s ‘Rigged’ Election Conspiracy (VIDEO),"Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has reacted to a series of state and national polls showing him losing ground to Hillary Clinton by promoting the conspiracy theory that this fall s presidential election will be  rigged. At a press conference at the Pentagon on Thursday, President Obama was asked about the baseless claim, and the President reacted with derision and scorn, apparently disgusted that the idea was even being floated. Of course the election will not be rigged! What does that mean?  Obama said at a news conference at the Pentagon.  That s ridiculous. That doesn t make any sense. The president added Americans should not take Trump s musings on this seriously.  We do take seriously, as we always do,  the president said,  our responsibilities to monitor and preserve the integrity of the voting process. Obama went on to point out that the move by Trump smells of desperation. The President pointed out that a complaint like Trump s is usually made on a schoolyard by children, not someone in the middle of an interview for the most important leadership position in the world. Obama said that those kinds of comments are like a kid complaining about a loss  before the score is even tallied. Trump seems to have gotten the idea from his close ally Roger Stone, the Republican dirty trickster who helped to organize the  Brooks Brothers riot  during the 2000 recount in Florida. Stone and 9/11 conspiracy theorist Alex Jones, a Trump supporter, have promoted the bizarre idea for some time now.The freak-out has come as polls taken after the successful Democratic Convention have shown a major swing in Hillary Clinton s favor. Marist shows Clinton with a 15 percent edge on Trump nationally, while NBC s poll shows her up nine percent. State polls taken in so-called  rust belt  states key to a Trump victory show Clinton ahead in Pennsylvania and Michigan. Other polls also showed her in the lead in Florida and New Hampshire. Without those states, it is unlikely that Trump would have a path to victory.Featured image via Twitter",0
5177, WATCH: Barbra Streisand BURNS Donald Trump On Stage During Concert,"Donald Trump just got owned by a legend.During a concert in Los Angeles, singing icon and longtime Clinton supporter Barbra Streisand took the opportunity to deliver a few sharp barbs at the Republican nominee.First, she brought mentalist Lior Suchard onto the stage and slammed Trump s intellectual capacity. The only person whose mind he can t read is Donald Trump s, because he doesn t have one,  she quipped.Indeed, Trump does not know anything about anything, which is why he uses generalities to make it seem like he knows stuff. Only the most fervent Trump supporters are actually gullible enough to fall for this scam. And the Republican leadership, of course.But Streisand saved her best shot for last.She told the story of a fundraiser in which a study was mentioned that said,  no matter what the color of your skin or where you were born   Cuba, China, Malaysia, Madagascar   our genetic make up is 99.9% identical to every person on the face of the earth. Streisand then waited a beat before delivering a damning and hilarious punchline: The other 0.1% is Donald Trump. Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump is an embarrassment to the human race and Republicans should be ashamed that they made him the leader of their party.It s too late to do the right thing and replace him now. The best thing Republicans can do at this point is just admit they made a huge mistake and try to save the country by making sure Trump loses big in November.What started out as a joke is now a serious threat to our democracy and the survival of this nation. Donald Trump is literally obsessed with using nuclear bombs and there is no way to stop him from doing so if he becomes president. He would light the world on fire. This is the culmination of all the hate and fear Republicans have been preaching since President Obama took office in 2009. It s time for them to take responsibility and take a huge loss this year so they can begin the long task of rebuilding a more inclusive party that actually has ideas and can gain respect.That will not happen if they continue to support Donald Trump and everything he represents.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
5178, Uncensored Video Shows What’s Really Being Said At Trump Rallies,"There s an age old saying: not all Republicans are racist, but all racists are Republicans. For quite sometime, the GOP has been pushing back on that notion (playing the victim card in the process) while simultaneously putting Steve  Cantaloupes for Calves  King and Ann  Peasant Culture  Coulter on their national stages. And who could forget Rep. Don  Wetbacks  Young?Then Donald Trump came along, and it was all A-OK in the Republican mainstream.It s been well documented that Trump supporters have higher feelings of racial prejudice than the average Republican   and indeed the average American. We ve seen how they talk about Black Lives Matter. We ve seen them sucker punch black protesters. We know Trump got the support of David Duke!But the most telling slice of bigotry comes from a newly released uncensored video from the New York Times, taken deep in the midst of multiple Trump rallies, from Maine to Arizona, that shows just how vile his supporters can be.Screams of  Kill them all,  the N-word,  f*g,  and other racial expletives that are used only to dehumanize people echo all around, and no one says a thing about it.And the best part? They re all committed by white, overweight, uneducated, sunburnt, unkempt hillbillies who probably think Olive Garden is a fancy dinner. The same people that decry political correctness are so easily offended when their hate and bigotry is put on blast.Trump supporters deny the existence of these people within their camp. The Republican Party denies it, or blatantly ignores it. The proof is out, and no one can say it isn t true, because it is. This is what we are faced with.Filled with anger, hate, violence and rage, these people, unhinged, will be voting for their preferred candidate, who is equally if not more unhinged. Now people will say  But these are his supporters, not Trump himself!  If you ve watched Trump at his rallies before, he closely pays attention to what people are saying in the crowds. His failure to disavow the racism, sexism, xenophobia and sheer violence at his rallies says everything you need to know.These people are voting in November, are you?Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",0
5179," Even Colbert’s ‘Trump Bully’ Is Jumping Off The Trump Train, And It’s Hilarious (VIDEO)","Throughout this entire election Stephen Colbert has invited a schoolyard bully on The Late Show who supposedly advises Donald Trump on all his ridiculous and childish nicknames. It s been a schtick that started out funny, but has become all too real when noticing Trump s behavior.So, when Colbert once again had  Timmy the schoolyard bully  on his show, it was the usual back and forth of sophomoric nicknames, but then Timmy did something unexpected   he switched sides.Apparently, Trump has become too much of a bully for even Timmy the schoolyard bully, and is now supporting Hillary Clinton for president. He said: Okay, listen, I know You know, we need to talk for a second, man to fart knocker. I m in over my head, man! I thought this would be fun, ya know? Share some laughs, destroy the GOP, maybe even ban an entire religion from the country, but Trump s out of control! That guy is way too childish to be president! I m voting for Hillary! Cooties be damned! Trump will likely come up with a nickname for Timmy now. Just you wait. The Republican candidate can t handle anyone who thinks for themselves and supports sanity over himself.Watch the hilarious segment here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5180, Three Key States Turn Themselves SOLIDLY Blue As Trump Train Derails,"The clusterfuck that is Donald Trump s campaign is manifesting itself in the polls, as Hillary first opens up a ten-point lead nationally, and now, gains huge leads in three major battleground states. New Hampshire, Pennsylvania and Michigan have all pivoted solidly toward Hillary, at least for now, when she and Trump were virtually deadlocked before the Trump Train went off the tracks.Perhaps one of the most surprising aspects of these polls is that western Michigan, which tends to be very Republican, has turned blue because of Trump s downward spiral. Hillary now has a nine-point lead in that state, along with an 11-point lead in Pennsylvania and a whopping 17-point lead in New Hampshire.Past polls showed Hillary within just a few points of Trump in all three states, setting the stage for a major showdown in the battlegrounds. Normally, that would likely continue   there s a reason these states are battlegrounds.The Trump Train is anything but a normal campaign, though. Richard Czuba, president of the Glengariff Group, Inc., says: He s sitting in the cellar right now, and they re going to have to do something to dramatically turn this around.If I were a Republican running on this ticket right now, I d be beyond nervous. Some of them are. There are Republicans running for re-election to Congress who have said that they can t support him. A Republican strategist actually said that not endorsing Trump is a badge of honor, instead of the horrible betrayal and kiss of death it would ordinarily be. Billionaire Meg Whitman, who votes for Republicans in presidential elections, has formally endorsed Hillary Clinton.Perhaps even more damning for Trump are conflicting reports about the state of his campaign. His campaign manager, Paul Manafort, and his spokespeople say that everything is fine. One of his spokespeople even said that Trump s success is evident in the crowds he draws, the ratings he garners, and his fundraising. All of that implies that he thinks the polls are badly biased (isn t everything biased in Trumpland?).But an ally to Manafort said that even Manafort is ready to give up, and staff morale is virtually nil. That conflict further damages Trump as he struggles to convince America that he hasn t completely lost it.Speaking to that, GOP strategist Greg McNeilly says: I know that there s a lot of numbers that matter in politics, but Twitter followers still don t trump poll numbers. He said that Trump should stick to his  Make America great again  messaging. Trump doesn t know how, though, because he s Donald Trump and Donald Trump knows best, including when it comes to vanquishing his enemies, real and imagined. John Harwood, of CNBC, confirmed that when he said that Trump s campaign is unique because candidates don t usually have a stranglehold on their campaign s daily messaging. Trump, as a thin-skinned control freak, does.And that s how Trump likes it, so the GOP better get used to it. They nominated this train wreck. They get to handle the fallout right up until we go to the polls in November.Featured image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5181, Donald Trump’s Hispanic Outreach Effort Humiliatingly Goes Down In Flames,"The Republican Party should be prepared to lose the Hispanic vote by a record number this year as Donald Trump has basically just surrendered any chance the party had to reach out to them.After 71 percent of Hispanics voted to re-elect President Obama in 2012, Republicans claimed that they would work hard to bring them back into the fold to better their chances in 2016. Since then, however, the Republican Party has only doubled down on their anti-immigration stance and they chose Trump to be their nominee.Trump s poll numbers among Hispanics have since gone from bad to downright atrocious even as he scrambles to do ridiculous outreach efforts like eating a taco bowl or having white Trump supporters hold up signs saying Latinos support Trump to somehow draw Hispanic support to his campaign. And it looks like any substantial effort has just gone down the toilet as well.According to Buzzfeed, cancellations of outreach events and frustration among Hispanic volunteers and surrogates is imploding Trump s pitiful attempt to attract Hispanic support.RNC Chair Reince Priebus bragged prior to the Republican Convention that Trump  is going to be doing a Hispanic engagement tour coming up soon  and claimed Trump  understands  the need to expand the party in the general election.That apparently went in one ear and out the other as Trump has failed to meet with Hispanic leaders in Texas and Florida, which is only angering the few Republican Hispanic voters left.The campaign canceled an initial July 8 roundtable with Cuban business and faith leaders in Miami because of the tragic shooting in Dallas. Then the rescheduled July 26 event was officially canceled because the roundtable participants were out of town. (Three Republican sources told BuzzFeed News a hold was put on the campaign calendar for that time slot but the event was never planned.)Another unreported, but planned Hispanic event was also canceled: The July 5 event was supposed to bring Trump face-to-face with San Antonio business leaders and Texas Republicans, but after the campaign reached out for venue space and possible participants, the event was scrapped. I think they couldn t get enough people to come to the event because their support among Hispanic voters is 14%,  Republican voter Artemio Muniz said.  What do they expect? Indeed, Trump s is polling so badly among Hispanics that Hillary Clinton is currently leading him in all 12 swing states, including Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Iowa, Michigan, North Carolina, Nevada, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Wisconsin.Furthermore, 67 percent of Hispanic voters support Hillary Clinton while only 19 percent support Trump   77 percent of Hispanics view Trump unfavorably.Trump s performance among Hispanic voters in November would be even worse than Mitt Romney in 2012 if the current numbers hold. Romney was able to capture 27 percent in 2012. Trump is 8 points behind that mark and it may only get worse from there as he continues disparaging Hispanics wherever he goes and continues to fail at getting any outreach effort off the ground.It also doesn t help that Trump s campaign has rejected the effort of Ileana Garcia, who started Latinas For Trump, to lead a national effort to attract Hispanic voters. The Trump campaign got mad at her for telling reporters in Cleveland that she is the national Latino spokesperson for Trump. Now it appears she will not have a major role within the campaign at all even though Trump and the GOP desperately need someone to do something to stop the bleeding.At this point, it s very late in the game to convince Hispanic voters that Trump is somehow the right person to be president. He has made zero effort to reverse the damage he has done and only continues to do more damage. If Republican leadership didn t have buyer s remorse before, they certainly do now because it really looks like the only demographic Trump is courting is the white vote and that may have been enough to win 30 years ago, but it definitely is not enough today.Featured image via Twitter",0
5182," MSNBC Host Makes Emotional Plea To Trump Voters: Wake Up, ‘It’s A Scam’ (VIDEO)","Donald Trump and his campaign have been scrambling to do damage control after his multiple attacks on the Khans, Gold Star parents whose Muslim son died fighting for his country. One of Trump s latest pathetic attempts to recover was to meet with Gold Star families so he could brag about it later.But MSNBC s Mika Brzezinski wasn t impressed, and was able to see right through Trump s act. In a segment about Trump s latest attempt to fool America, she had a direct message for Trump supporters: wake the f*** up. Brzezinski insisted that Trump s entire campaign was a  scam  and his meeting with these families was no different   Trump was just trying to fool gullible Americans into believing that he cares about things other than himself.Visibly upset that a person running for president would do something so heartless and take advantage of trusting Americans this way, the MSNBC host said: I m just trying to   because, look, Trump supporters, people who support Donald Trump, are people who should be respected for how they feel. Brzezinski became emotional several times while trying to beg Trump s supporters to be more critical. As her voice cracked with emotion, she continued: But I worry that they don t understand that they re being scammed, and they re being scammed by somebody who s really good at it, so it s not like, you know, it s their fault. But I will say that it s a scam, what Trump is selling. Remarking on just how heartless Trump s attacks had been on the Khans, Brzezinski urged voters not to be fooled. Talking to Gold Star families after the biggest gaffe in probably presidential politics, candidacy s history, what he did with the Khans   he s just trying to clean up. I mean, do you want someone who speaks from the heart and says nothing or says anything, or do you want someone who speaks from the heart and has some principle behind it and sticks to his word? This is a scam, and it seems like he has a lot of followers. You can watch Brzezinski make her emotional plea below:Trump meets with Gold Star families  @morningmika: It s a scam, what Trump is selling https://t.co/aFouAvW80u  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) August 4, 2016Featured image is a screenshot",0
5183, The Mindboggling Sexist And Racist Reasons Clint Eastwood Is Supporting Trump,"Clint Eastwood will long be remembered for his influence in Hollywood, but his legacy will always be tainted by his 2012 speech at the Republican National Convention, when he spent the more than 10 minutes talking to a chair. Now, Trump wants political correctness and Hillary Clinton s voice to get off his lawn.The 86-year-old Eastwood didn t actually say the n-word during this interview with Esquire Magazine, but gosh darn, he s sure offended over the idea that rich old white guys no longer get to decide what s offensive and what s not.Eastwood has his own not-so-loving nickname for Millennials. He calls them the  pussy generation,  you know, because of that pesky insistence that everyone be treated with respect. He s doesn t agree with Trump on everything, but as for all those racist comments coming from Trump, well, Americans should  just fucking get over it. I haven t endorsed anybody. I haven t talked to Trump. I haven t talked to anybody. You know, he s a racist now because he s talked about this judge. And yeah, it s a dumb thing to say. I mean, to predicate your opinion on the fact that the guy was born to Mexican parents or something. He s said a lot of dumb things. So have all of them. Both sides. But everybody the press and everybody s going,  Oh, well, that s racist,  and they re making a big hoodoo out of it. Just fucking get over it. It s a sad time in history. Eastwood isn t 100 percent sure who he ll vote for, but damn those Millennials again, wanting an education: I d say get to work and start being more understanding of everybody instead of calling everybody names, start being more understanding. But get in there and get it done. Kick ass and take names. And this may be my dad talking, but don t spend what you don t have. That s why we re in the position we are in right now. That s why people are saying,  Why should I work? I ll get something for nothing, maybe.  And going around and talking about going to college for free. I didn t go to college for free. I mean, it was cheap, because I went to L. A. City College it wasn t like going to a major university. But it was okay. And then, you know, I didn t finish, because I decided to become an actor, ruin my whole life. [Everyone laughs.] As for Hillary Clinton, it s unlikely the Republican will vote for her. He s afraid she ll follow in Obama s footsteps, but there s also another, far more sexist reason: her voice. When asked what he thinks of Clinton, he said,  I mean, it s a tough voice to listen to for four years. It could be a tough one. If she s just gonna follow what we ve been doing, then I wouldn t be for her. That s a tough one, isn t it? I d have to go for Trump   you know,  cause she s declared that she s gonna follow in Obama s footsteps. There s been just too much funny business on both sides of the aisle. She s made a lot of dough out of being a politician. I gave up dough to be a politician. I m sure that Ronald Reagan gave up dough to be a politician. I guess it s okay to make money from evading taxes, shady business deals and using bankruptcy as a way to pass debt on to taxpayers. Yes, that s much more trustworthy. Go Trump.Featured image via Kevin Winters at Getty Images.",0
5184, Donald Trump’s Immigrant Wife May Have Committed Visa Fraud,"This is the hypocrisy to beat all hypocrisies.As we all know, Donald Trump is vehemently anti-immigration. In fact, it s the centerpiece of his campaign going all the way back to June 2015 when he rode an escalator to a podium and delivered a speech officially throwing his hat into the ring.Since then, the Republican nominee has accused immigrants of being criminals who steal jobs from Americans.Well, now it looks like the same can be said of Trump s own wife Melania, who came to the United States from Slovenia.According to an investigation by Politico, Melania may very well have committed visa fraud and other immigration laws. And Trump s campaign has apparently been lying about her immigration story.In January, Melania claimed that she often flew back to Slovenia to renew an H-1B visa, a visa type that Donald Trump despises and has said he would end. It never crossed my mind to stay here without papers,  she told Harper s Bazaar.  That is just the person you are. You follow the rules. You follow the law. Every few months you need to fly back to Europe and stamp your visa. After a few visas, I applied for a green card and got it in 2001. But H-1B visas last three years and can be extended to up to six years, which means the First Lady wannabe did not have to fly back to Slovenia for renewal.As it turns out Melania is describing something people do when they aquire a B-1 Temporary Business Visitor or B-2 Tourist Visa, which means she is lying about the circumstances of her immigration to this country. Furthermore, it could also mean she took a modelling job away from an American citizen because her nude photo shoot occurred in the United States in 1995 and B-1 and B-2 visa holders are not allowed to work here. So Melania may have broken the law.Andrew Greenfield, an attorney specializing in immigration law, made that pretty clear. If you enter the United States with the intention of working without authorization and you present yourself to a border agent at an airport or a seaport or a manned border and request a visa, even if there is not a Q&A   knowing that you are coming to work   you are implicitly, if not explicitly, manifesting that you intend to comply with the parameters of the visa classification for which you sought entry and were granted entry. Another immigration attorney told Politico that if Melania used a B-1 visa she would have had to lie about the purpose of her entry into the country. She would not have been authorized to work in the U.S. while on a B-1 visa. In fact, if a customs agent encounters someone entering the U.S. on a B-1 visa and they know that the individual intends to work for a U.S. employer, the individual will usually be denied admission. In order to avoid being sent back to Slovenia, she may have had to lie about the purpose of her trip. In short, Melania Trump could be guilty of committing visa fraud which is a crime that would seriously jeopardize her green-card status and her United States citizenship.If she were not married to the Republican nominee and were of Hispanic or Muslim descent, Donald Trump would be calling for her to be deported and would be referring to her as an illegal immigrant and a criminal.It sounds like Donald Trump, his wife, and the Republican Party have some serious explaining to do.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5185, ANOTHER GOP Rep Won’t Support Trump: ‘I Don’t See How I Get There Anymore’ (VIDEO),"Due to Donald Trump s continued unhinged and unacceptable behavior, panicked Republicans are running away from their own presidential nominee in droves. Now, yet another sitting GOP congressman has come out saying that he cannot see how he could support Trump.Rep. Adam Kinzinger (R-Ill) came out on Wednesday with a laundry list of reasons that he cannot vote for Donald Trump. Kinzinger said: I ve said my intention is to get there. I want to get there, I m not there yet. I don t see how I get there anymore. Kinzinger attended Trump s coronation party reluctantly, with one hope: that he could get behind Trump. That didn t happen, though. In fact, Trump only worsened Kinzinger s opinion of him. He continued: You know, party unity, and all that. Woke up Wednesday morning, saw his comments about Article V, NATO, decided to hold off. Kinzinger himself is a veteran of the very war that Captain Humayun Khan was killed in, and Trump s week-long public feud with those Gold Star parents seems to be what finally pushed him into the #NeverTrump camp. He says: Then this spat, this unbelievable spat with the family of a fallen soldier, a fallen soldier who swore to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States, wouldn t even initially say we honor the family for their service. Immediately took it as what it was to him, an affront to him. Then, Rep. Kinzinger said what we ve all been thinking that Trump seems to be beginning to cross a lot of red lines in the unforgivable on politics. While he does not plan to support Hillary Clinton because he disagrees with her on probably almost all things,  he will not be supporting Donald Trump either. Kinzinger went on to pivot to Trump s shocking and disturbing flirtation with Russian dictator Vladimir Putin: For instance, even yesterday doubling down on saying how great it would be to have a fantastic relationship with Putin.Our party, you know, me and other people in the party have said for the last six months how awful it was that Hillary Clinton did this reset with the Russians, and how we were taken advantage of. Now, you have Vladimir Putin basically pulling out the old KGB playbook on how to manipulate Donald Trump, and it appears he s fallen right into it. Of course I don t agree that Hillary did anything to endanger the country with regards to Russia and Putin, but Trump certainly would (and has). There s really no comparison between Hillary and Trump there. That being said, though, this man is doing the right thing. Regardless of political differences, he and I agree on one thing: Donald Trump should not be president. Kinzinger also says the one thing that his GOP comrades would do well to listen to with regards to this election: I m an American before I m a Republican. Watch video of some of Kinzinger s comments below:.@RepKinzinger says he can't support Trump: 'I'm an American before I'm a Republican'https://t.co/tJA9wOBfxG https://t.co/awG53Fejfu  The Situation Room (@CNNSitRoom) August 4, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5186, CA Democrat Starts Petition Demanding Mental Evaluation Of Trump,"The idea of a Donald Trump presidency has been terrifying from the second he rode down that escalator and announced that he was running for president. However, his behavior in recent weeks has been so completely unhinged that people on both sides of the political aisle have been questioning his mental stability. Even the sitting president did something completely unprecedented and came out and said that Trump is quote,  unfit to serve as president. Now, a Democratic congresswoman from California, Karen Bass, has done what no one has had the courage to do, and started a Change.org petition calling for Donald Trump to undergo a mental health evaluation. Bass, who had a career in healthcare prior to running for office, says of her decision to move forward with what is surely to be a controversial move regarding the other party s standard-bearer in her petition: Donald Trump is dangerous for our country. His impulsiveness and lack of control over his own emotions are of concern. It is our patriotic duty to raise the question of his mental stability to be the commander in chief and leader of the free world.Mr. Trump appears to exhibit all the symptoms of the mental disorder Narcissistic Personality Disorder (NPD). Mental health professionals need to come forward and urge the Republican party to insist that their nominee has an evaluation to determine his mental fitness for the job. Also, in case people had any doubt about what Narcissistic Personality Disorder is and how Trump fits the profile, Rep. Bass laid all of that out as well. From The Hill:In her petition, Bass laid out the nine symptoms of NPD, which are a grandiose sense of self-importance, a preoccupation with fantasies of unlimited success, a belief that he or she is special and can only be understood by others with a similar status, a requirement of excessive admiration, a sense of entitlement, interpersonal exploitation, lack of empathy, envy of others and arrogant or haughty behavior.Well, that definitely describes Trump s public behavior to the letter, and therefore Rep. Bass s request is completely justified. Hopefully, the GOP leadership heeds this warning and   even if it is done privately   has Trump evaluated, if for no other reason than the fact that they actually care about the American people they represent.You can sign this very important petition here at Change.org.Featured image via Joshua Lott/Getty Images",0
5187, WATCH: Republican Strategist Says Something About Trump On CNN That Will Spark His Next Hissy Fit,"Donald Trump will be seriously seething after he sees what GOP strategist Liz Mair called him on CNN.As we all know, the Republican nominee is incapable of keeping his big mouth shut. He always has to whine about something or someone and it hasn t been helping him gain a whole lot of support.For awhile now, Republicans and the media were being pushed around by Trump, but that has now changed as he has had a complete meltdown in recent days in addition to all the things he has said and done since last June when he began campaigning for the nomination.Republican strategist Liz Mair is definitely not a fan of Trump and she is sickened by the fact that Republican leadership didn t have the balls to intervene and stop Trump s rise when they had a chance to say something that could have made a difference. Now the entire party is in jeopardy of imploding.Indeed, Trump s message is the poison that is delivering the final death blow to a once proud party and Mair was only too happy to admit it during an interview with Anderson Cooper on CNN on Wednesday night. His message is being a loudmouthed d*ck, basically. And going out there and offending people and then engaging in an airing of grievances. That s what he does. He doesn t have another message. He doesn t have anything else that he wants to convey. The Republican Party has a message but it s not his message and he has no interest in carrying it. And quite frankly, what I think we re gonna continue to see throughout this campaign is, we re gonna continue to see the Republican nominee basically acting as if he s on a suicide mission and aiming to take the whole rest of the party down with him. Here s the video via YouTube.Mair is absolutely spot on. The only critique here is that the Republican Party s message has been moving in Trump s extremist, bigoted direction for a long time now. Trump is merely taking it to it s final form and all of a sudden Republicans are acting horrified about it. But not so horrified that they aren t still willing to support him. And that s really the key here. Republicans can condemn his comments all they want. It doesn t mean a damn thing if they still support him as their nominee. Republicans created the hateful atmosphere that allowed Trump to rise in the first place. Their only redemption is to make sure he loses in November and just admit they were wrong and that they are going to seriously change their party this time around. And that means they have to stop pandering to the conservative base that desperately wants Trump to win and start transforming into a more inclusive party.Featured Image: Gustavo Caballero/Getty",0
5188, Here We Go Again: Trump Supporters Beat The Sh*t Out Of Protester (VIDEO),"Here we go again, folks. Yet another video has surfaced showing yet another protester getting the shit kicked out of him by Trump supporters, at yet another one of the Republican nominee s rallies.The disturbing incident happened on Monday held at Cumberland Valley High School, in the southern Pennsylvania town of Mechanicsburg. The protester was carrying a sign when suddenly he was attacked. Rally goers ganged up on him and were shoving him, punching him, and kicking him while they chanted  USA! USA! Finally, a couple men do step in and help to break up the melee while waiting for police to come and escort the protester out of the rally.Silver Spring Police Chief Chris Raubenstine said that regardless of differing opinions violence is never the answer. People got to realize that just because you disagree with someone, doesn t mean you can punch people. The protester, who remains unnamed, refused medical treatment and declined to file a police report, although he does have the option to do so at a later date.Sadly, violence at Trump rallies has become commonplace and it is hardly unusual for a protester to be viciously attacked by supporters of the GOP nominee.You can watch the video of this latest incident here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOXbEwlGYCs]Featured image via video screen shot",0
5189, Fox News Poll Has Clinton Beating Trump By 10 Points,"No wonder Donald Trump is accusing everything of being rigged   the polls are no longer showing Trump  beating  Hillary Clinton. Some polls have her six points ahead, some seven, some as high as fifteen.But a new poll from the conservative Fox News shows a very telling attitude in the public s shift towards Hillary Clinton. As it turns out, Clinton is leading the conservative-dream-come-true by 10 points, 49 percent to 39 percent, well above the margin of error (3 percent).The poll shows some very good news for Clinton: she s winning over the Obama coalition (which, as we all know, secured his reelection)When it comes to being  qualified  for the office of the presidency, Clinton leads Trump by 22 points (65-43).When it comes to the temperament to be President? Clinton, once again, bests Trump, by 27 points (64-37).When it comes to having the knowledge to be President? Guess who takes the lead! You guessed it! Clinton does, by 32 points (72-40).Trump is only winning men by 5 points, 45-40, and whites by 10 points. Interesting enough, when it comes to whites without a college degree, he leads by only 16. Considering Trump needs a blowout win amongst whites and men to win, these numbers should make Republicans nervous. Trump is currently underperforming all of these demographics when compared to Mitt Romney in 2012.When factoring in Libertarian Gary Johnson, who gets 12 percent support, Clinton still comes out on top with 44 percent to Trump s 35 percent.This poll is drastically different than their matchup in May, where Trump was beating Clinton by 3 percentage points, which sent liberals into a frenzy.Something that also helps Clinton? President Obama s approval rating. Currently, according to the Fox News poll, President Obama stands at 52 percent approval while 45 percent disapprove. That s his best showing on a Fox News poll since May 2011 when Osama bin Laden was killed.As Trump continues his decent into madness, Clinton is looking like the savior we ve all needed during this atypical election season. Liberals, remember, vote! If one thing rings true it s that Trump is unpredictable. Who knows what his temper will be like in the next three months.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5190, Man Who ACTUALLY Wrote ‘Art Of The Deal’ Gives Trump A Taste Of His Own Medicine (TWEETS),"If there s one person who definitely doesn t want Donald Trump to be president, it s the man who actually wrote Trump s  Art of the Deal,  author and Trump s ghostwriter, Tony Schwartz. Schwartz knows, more than anyone, after spending a lot of time with the guy, that Trump s just absolutely unfit for the office of the presidency.And what better way to let the world know how awful Trump is than by using the Republican nominee s medium of choice   Twitter.Pretty much day in and day out lately, Schwartz has been letting people know how awful Trump is and why he just shouldn t be president. If you want to read his full Twitter feed, you can find it here, but for now, I m just going to go back a few days and show you exactly what he s doing.On July 27, Schwartz wrote: I broke the unspoken code of confidentiality with Donald Trump on Art of the Deal because I truly believe his election imperils the planet. I broke the unspoken code of confidentiality with Donald Trump on Art of the Deal because I truly believe his election imperils the planet.  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) July 27, 2016And it absolutely does, so Schwartz keeps up his quest of making sure Trump is never elected.Here are just a few more of Schwartz s tweets:In the face of social unrest and opposition, I can easily see Donald Trump declaring martial law and suspending the rights of ALL citizens.  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) July 27, 2016Including this one that is pretty damning:Something I saw early on w/ Trump: most negative things he says about others are actually describing him. Read his tweets with that in mind  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) July 27, 2016Why Trump s extreme Russia remarks? Feeling small after two nights of strong Dem speeches. Incapable of measured reflection Just reacts.  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) July 28, 2016The Trump I know has never listened to anyone. No one can tell him what to do. Won't take any advice. Terrifying in a president.  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) July 28, 2016Biden on Trump: no empathy or compassion. Over 18 months with Trump. I never once saw evidence of kindness, or care. He's only about Trump.  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) July 28, 2016Trump tweeting about ""poverty"" and ""despair."" Never once heard him mention those concerns when I was with him. They mean nothing to him.  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) July 28, 2016Trump now says he was joking re: Russia. Here's what I know: he doesn't joke. He is humorless. What he does is lie when he gets in trouble.  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) July 28, 2016Trump viciously criticizes others daily. When he's criticized, wants to punch people in face. Thug instincts, not what we want in president  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) July 29, 2016Trump's being criticized where he is most insecure   his suspect wealth, his limited intelligence   prompts him to lash out wildly. Scary.  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) July 30, 2016Donald Trump has made sacrifices? Truly demented. Trump has lived his entire life in privilege. The only thing he sacrifices is wives.  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) July 30, 2016Trump attacks grieving parents of war hero. I sometimes wonder if Trump has any decency or humanity at all.  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) July 30, 2016All I've been saying about Trump   incredibly reactive, absence of heart or soul, breathtaking ignorance   on evidence this weekend.  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) August 1, 2016Trump can't apologize for anything, no matter how outrageous. Sense of self-worth too fragile to admit he is wrong, even about the Kahns.  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) August 1, 2016Fundamental decency. In 18 months of following Trump around, I cannot remember any acts of care or generosity, unless to promote himself.  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) August 2, 2016Trump selling copies of Art of the Deal for $184 to raise money for campaign. Isn't worth paper it's printed on. I should know: I wrote it.  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) August 2, 2016Trump doesn t take advice from anyone. Ever. That won't change. He is who he is. He won't reset because he can't.  Tony Schwartz (@tonyschwartz) August 3, 2016And there you have it. Please, for the love of all things good and decent, listen to the guy who spent an incredibly large amount of time with Trump. He knows, and we will all be better for it. Trump simply cannot be president.Featured image via Wikipedia",0
5191," Trump’s Biggest, Most Pansy-A** Apologist Now Says He Is ‘Unacceptable’","Very few of Donald Trump s fans are more blindly loyal to him than former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, but Trump s behavior of late has really pissed some people off, including Newt Gingrich. Trump has denigrated the family of a fallen Iraq soldier, he s kicked a mother with a crying baby out of a rally, bashed his fellow Republicans, accepted a Purple Heart from a soldier for no other reason than to show it off, and said he thinks his own daughter should just get a new job if she s being sexually harassed at work.In short, Trump is imploding, taking the GOP with him, and to Gingrich, that is  unacceptable.  In fact, he used that very word when describing what s happening: The current race is which of these two is the more unacceptable, because right now neither of them is acceptable.Trump is helping [Hillary] to win by proving he is more unacceptable than she is. He also dropped this bomb on Trump s election chances: He cannot win the presidency operating the way he is now. [Hillary] can t be bad enough to elect him if he s determined to make this many mistakes. Now, Gingrich isn t saying he ll endorse or vote for Hillary. But he stopped being Trump s apologist for a moment, and is even one of the Republicans that s working on staging an intervention for Trump. They re hoping to get him to change course before the damage to their party is irreversible.Trump has also refused to endorse either Paul Ryan or John McCain in their re-election races, proving yet again that he would rather pick petty fights over imagined slights than actually focus on running for president. To Gingrich, he s still acting like it s primary season, and like he s still competing against 17 other candidates.Don t let Trump hear him say any of this, though! Gingrich so pansy-assed about this that he furiously tried to backpedal on Twitter. Maybe he thinks that Trump won t notice his comments if he pretends the media is making this up?Media has wildly misinterpreted my critique of a bad week for Trump. Trump is vastly better than Hillary as President.  Newt Gingrich (@newtgingrich) August 3, 2016Please.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",0
5192, D’oh!: Trump Tells Crowd In Richest County In America Its Economy Is A Disaster,"While in Virginia, GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump looked at the crowd in Loudoun County and told them how economically devastated the area was. Donald was going to be their savior and heal the apocalyptic economy in Loudoun County.  The only problem is that Loudoun County is the richest county in the United States. It s basically recession-proof. You re doing lousy over here, by the way, I hate to tell you,  Trump declared.The Daily Beast reports:He then listed a number of factory closures, including Ball Corp., which was five hours away in Bristol, as far from Loudoun as you can get without leaving the state. And he mentioned the closure of a Smithfield Foods Inc. Anybody used to work for Smithfield?  he asked the crowd.It s almost certain none of them did. The Smithfield plant that closed was in Hampton Roads, Virginia three hours from Ashburn, in the southeast corner of the state.That wasn t The Donald s only mistake. He just kept opening his crazy mouth as if he was suffering from verbal diarrhea.He spoke of the closure of a plant owned by Invista, a Koch Industries company that produces fabric and carpeting, but that plant is located two hours away and it closed down eight years ago. And for the record, Obama was not the President 8 years ago. That needed to be pointed out since his spokeswoman Katrina Pierson seems to think Obama has been the leader of this country for over a decade.Trump also spoke about defense spending, however, thanks to its location, the county prides itself in bringing in big defense and aerospace business.But wait, there s more.Trump then spoke of Stanley Furniture  which he said closed down.  Stanley Furniture, however, is a plant based in North Carolina   which is totally not Virginia    but it did close in 2014. Loudoun County is so important,  he told the crowd after bashing its economy. To top off Trump s really bad day, Loudon has a high percentage of Muslim residents   some of them were protesting just outside of Donald s rally. I have a very good brain,  Trump said in March. He got that wrong, too.Featured image via Brian Blanco/Getty Images.",0
5193, Ben Carson Managed To Say Something SO Stupid That Trump Looks Like A Genius By Comparison (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is an idiot. Ben Carson, a literal brain surgeon, is so stupid that the phrase  what are you, a brain surgeon or something?  loses all meaning. Carson, who was fired from Trump s campaign after leaking Sarah Palin as one of the clowns on Trump s VP shortlist and who was illegally promised a position on Trump s campaign in exchange for his support, said something on Wednesday that almost, almost makes Donald Trump s recent string of dumber-than-normal statements and stunts not seem all that bad at all by comparison   you know, if Carson s dumbass remarks weren t an attempt to defend Trump s dumbass remarks.With pretty much the entire universe condemning Trump s disgusting attacks on the family of a Muslim veteran, the Trump camp is working triple-overtime to defend his actions rather than acknowledge that he s a horrible human being. Trump s supporters have suggested that the father of the deceased hero thinks Sharia Law is above the Constitution (he doesn t), that he is a Muslim Brotherhood  agent  (once again, this is an unfounded claim), and any other number of ridiculous things they can come up with. The Right is even blaming Cpt. Humayun Khan s death on President Obama even though he died years before Obama took office. Trump himself has attacked the grief-stricken mother, because he s an asshole.But what can be worse than someone who dedicates his life to attacking the parents of a fallen soldier? How about demanding that they apologize to Trump? That s exactly what Ben Carson did when Wolf Blitzer asked him about the Trump-Khan situation. We have important issues to deal with. Let s just call a truce,  Carson told Blitzer, adding that Trump and the Khans should just  move on.  Asked if Trump should apologize to the Khans, Mr. Brain Guy explained that they should be apologizing to Trump for who knows why?: I don t think it would be harmful if they apologized to him and he apologized to them, but I don t see that happening. Well, of course it s not going to happen. They did nothing wrong besides stand inside The Donald s cross-hairs. Asked why they   the family of a dead soldier whom Trump attacked   should apologize to them, Carson upped the derp a bit: Well, for one thing, if you accuse someone of something that s not true, it usually is a reasonable thing to acknowledge that. He s right. If someone lies about someone else, they should apologize. But that s not what happened here. They have not lied about him at all. In fact, they even offered to loan him a copy of their pocket Constitution since Trump is running for President and apparently has never read it. It s unclear what Carson means by  not true,  but it s sort of hilarious that he doesn t think that statement applies to Trump.Watch Carson insert his foot in his mouth below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=91&v=bJZyBny5my4Featured image via screengrab",0
5194, San Jose Cop Wrongly Held Black Family At Gunpoint In Front Of Their 7-Year Old Child,"The San Jose Police Department has been plagued with accusations of racism and racial profiling, and now they re getting sued for it. A black family alleges that an officer followed them home from picking up their seven-year old daughter, and held them at gunpoint for absolutely no reason other than they were black, and the father, Emmanuel Stephens, might have matched the description of a  suspicious black man  in the area. The family is suing for an unspecified amount in damages.The first question that many people will ask themselves when faced with a like this is, what did this family do that caused the officer to draw his gun?According the lawsuit, they did nothing, and it s that kind of question that perpetuates racism in the justice system, because nobody asks themselves that when the victim is white. Officer Alexander Keller followed them home, and then when they got out of their car, he got out of his and drew his gun. The officer also put Stephens in handcuffs and held him in the back of his patrol car for a while. Their car was searched, and Stephens was cited for possession of a small amount of pot, despite having it for medical reasons and producing a prescription to prove it.Worse, when their 14-year old daughter came out, she was threatened with a trip to Juvenile Hall if she went back to get her cell phone and record the whole sordid incident.Their lawyer said: What happened to my clients happens all the time and is a real problem.This type of police misconduct only gets attention when someone ends up dead, but this type of non-lethal harassment is much more widespread and also need to be brought to light and stopped. The department, however, says that there isn t any bias in their policing methods despite strong evidence to the contrary, and this situation would seem to be another piece of that evidence. Another cop later said that someone had reported a suspicious black man with a purple backpack in that area, but Stephens had no such backpack. Keller proceeded to profile him anyway.Even if Stephens did have such a backpack, there was no way for this officer to see that from his car when he decided to follow them, hold them at gunpoint, detain Stephens, and search their car without a warrant and without probable cause. Being black does not constitute probable cause.San Jose s police department is like many others, though. Black people are guilty until proven innocent, and are treated as such. Had this been a white family, and someone had reported a suspicious white man in their area, would Keller still have followed them home and drawn his gun on them? Searched their car without a warrant or evidence of wrongdoing? Cited him for medical marijuana for which he had a prescription?Very likely not.Featured image by David Paul Morris/Getty Images",0
5195, Trump’s Taj Mahal Will Be Officially Closing After Labor Day,"It appears the genius businessman Donald Trump will have another failure on his hands. While the mainstream media is focusing (and rightly so) on his vile comments aimed at a gold star family, his love affair with nuclear warheads, a crying baby at a Virginia rally, and his upcoming intervention, they are quiet about another story brewing.Trump Taj Mahal and Casino will be closing down, indefinitely, just after Labor Day as a union strike by members of Unite-HERE against the casino enters its 35th day. The union has said that there are no negotiations currently in the works and there are no scheduled negations for the future.In September 2014, a bankruptcy court allowed the hotel owners, Trump Entertainment Resorts, to eliminate the union members health insurance and pension plans. Trump and his business buddies contended that if the union members (which equated to roughly 1,000 members) did not meet those demands, the hotel would be closed. In December of the same year, the union and Trump  reached an agreement  and the hotel remained open, but it was also discovered that the hotel wasn t on the verge of closing because of the union, but because it did not receive the state and local tax breaks it was hoping for.Well the unions rightfully went on strike, starting on July 1, to protest against the sheer greed of Trump and his allies. It should be noted that Trump no longer owns or has a personal stake in the Taj Mahal since February 2016, giving up his power over the hotel and casino a mere five months ago. The hotel now belongs to Carl Icahn, a personal friend of the presidential candidate, who bailed out Trump Entertainment Resorts from bankruptcy   and this is the guy Trump will make Treasury Secretary should he win the presidency.Sounds like a real winner.It should also be noted that the shady business deals coming out of the Taj Mahal that the U.S. Department of the Treasury said was significant and long-standing money laundering violations  which would allow exploitation from criminals, terrorists, and other bad actors.  For that, they were given a $10 million civil fine.This hotel has been nothing but a headache for everyone who has ever been involved with it, Trump himself included. It was one of his bankruptcies, and the contractors who worked to make it all happen were stiffed. The stockholders were stiffed. The staff were stiffed.Trump s buddy Icahn, who s worth $17 billion, couldn t even keep it afloat. Let that sink in.Featured image via Jessica Kourkounis/Getty Images",0
5196, WATCH: Team Hillary HUMILIATES Trump And The Republican Party On CNN,"This was a treat to watch.If you want to see a member of Team Hillary absolutely destroy a Trump mouthpiece and the Republican Party on the air, you ll want to watch every minute of this panel discussion that occurred on CNN with Carol Costello on Wednesday morning.Donald Trump supporter Kayleigh McEnany accused Republican establishment leaders of conspiring to defeat him, which is why she says Trump refuses to support Senator John McCain and House Speaker Paul Ryan in their tough re-election bids. They  disrespected  the voters who support the Republican nominee, she claimed before adding that  without Republican voters, the Republican Party won t exist. That s when Clinton supporter Robert Zimmerman interrupted to chime in with an amazing takedown of the GOP and their new leader. Without independent voters, no candidate is going to be a credible candidate for president. Donald Trump succeeded in a Republican Party where 44 percent of them think the president is a secret Muslim. To that voter, Duck Dynasty is a think tank. Donald Trump still won t even recognize that President Obama is an American citizen. So, it tells you just how bankrupt Donald Trump is ethically and morally and also how dysfunctional, how extreme the Republican Party has become. That s the real issue here. Here s the video via YouTube.Indeed, Trump has been an embarrassment to the Republican Party and the United States.He has crisscrossed the country bragging about how he will build a wall and ban Muslims from entering the country while demonstrating that he knows absolutely nothing about domestic or foreign policy.Furthermore, he has a thin skin and has viciously attacked anyone who dares to criticize him.Republicans have moved so far to the extreme right that they created the hateful and bigoted atmosphere within the party that allowed Trump to ascend to the top of the ticket. Republicans should be ashamed of themselves and their party and if they truly care about America they will dump Trump. Sure, they would be giving the election away to Hillary Clinton by doing so, but at least there will be a nation left to govern. And perhaps Republicans will finally change and become an inclusive party with real ideas that make them capable of being elected again. Because right now, the Republican Party is a joke that only appeals to the lowest common denominator.Featured Image: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5197, Republicans Are Literally Plotting An Intervention With Trump To Save Their Party,"The GOP implosion is about to be set off as influential Republican leaders are on the cusp of staging an intervention with presidential nominee Donald Trump.Yes, you read that right   three months before a presidential election, a candidate is being given an ultimatum by their party leaders about cleaning up their act or dropping out of the race.You couldn t even make this stuff up for TV, let alone reality.According to NBC News:Key Republicans close to Donald Trump s orbit are plotting an intervention with the candidate after a disastrous 48 hours led some influential voices in the party to question whether Trump can stay at the top of the Republican ticket without catastrophic consequences for his campaign and the GOP at large.Republican National Committee head Reince Priebus, former Republican New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich are among the Trump endorsers hoping to talk the real estate mogul into a dramatic reset of his campaign in the coming days.The  intervention  comes as Trump has repeatedly been attracting negative press for a slew of gaffes, including attacking the Khans   whose son was killed in battle    kicking out a crying baby at his rally, selfishly accepting a Purple Heart, and backstabbing fellow Republicans running for reelection.In the last several days, influential Republicans, from policy advisers under Reagan to Congressman Richard Hanna and mega-donor Meg Whitman, have publicly stated they will be voting for Hillary Clinton over the GOP nominee. Heck, even John McCain s granddaughter is voting for Hillary Clinton. It seems that with every passing day another Republican wakes up and realizes how truly damaging Trump is.Of course the Trump campaign denied such an intervention was in the works and pathetically tried to convince the public that the campaign was more unified than ever. Republicans are more scared that he will drop out of the race, something that seems very unlikely.As of right now, the Trump train has derailed and is heading on a crash course into a ditch.Can anyone remember a time in our American electoral history when a presidential candidate was forced to undergo an intervention to clean up his act? This is something completely unheard of, but lo and behold, it s happening right before our eyes.Remember when Republicans told us he would change his tune when he secured the delegates needed to be the nominee? Guess that was just another lie. And now they are paying the price, and, if Democrats show up to vote in November, it will pay off beautifully.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5198, WATCH: Donald Trump Is OBSESSED With His Desire To Use Nuclear Weapons,"The prospect of Donald Trump becoming president just got a whole lot scarier.The Republican nominee has been receiving foreign policy briefings, which almost certainly include information on the places in the world that are hostile towards the United States.But the only solution Trump cares about pursuing is one that would unleash nuclear war upon the globe.According to Trump s once upon a time BFF Joe Scarborough, the Republican nominee repeatedly asked the foreign policy expert briefing him why America just doesn t use nukes to wipe out our enemies or anyone else who disagrees with us. Three times he asked about the use of nuclear weapons,  Scarborough reported on MSNBC on Wednesday morning.  Three times he asked, at one point,  If we have them, why can t we use them?  That s one of the reasons he doesn t have foreign policy experts around. And even more frightening is that if Trump happened to somehow become president, he could order a strike as soon as he is inaugurated without debate or approval from Congress. The system is designed for speed and decisiveness, it s not designed to debate the decision,  former CIA Director Michael Hayden informed Scarborough when asked if Trump could be stopped from starting a nuclear apocalypse. Hayden also said that Trump being so erratic is also of great concern to national security.Here s the video via Twitter.This seems big: From @Morning_Joe: 3 times during a natsec briefing Trump asked  Why can t we use nuclear weapons?  https://t.co/voJ0RlgnCw  Glenn Thrush (@GlennThrush) August 3, 2016This proves that Donald Trump is the greatest threat to our country right now. He is in position right now to destroy America from within by starting World War III with nuclear bombs.And this isn t the first time Trump has talked about using nuclear weapons. During an interview with Chris Matthews Trump refused to rule out using nuclear weapons in Europe and the Middle East. The fact that he is now seriously asking about using nuclear weapons should frighten every American and the entire world.Let s not forget that the Republican Party is responsible for making Trump the leader of their party. They built this. So they should be horrifyingly reminded that if we fire nukes at a country, someone is likely going to fire them back at us.Featured Image: CNN",0
5199, GOP Strategist STUNS As She Calls Trump Not Endorsing Republicans A ‘Badge Of Honor’ (VIDEO/TWEETS),"Ana Navarro is a well-known Republican strategist, but thanks to Trump she s having a hard time defending her support of the GOP in this election. This couldn t have been more apparent when the CNN contributor sat on a panel and slammed Trump for his horrendous attacks on Khizr and Ghazala Khan, the Gold Star parents who gave a speech at Hillary Clinton s Democratic National Convention.As John Avlon started a discussion about how the Republican Party would never be able to unify around Trump thanks to the onslaught of controversies their nominee has created for himself, Navarro couldn t hold back and went off. She called his campaign a  train wreck  whose  wheels are coming off , and bashed him for being such a disgrace that the GOP and media have been forced to ignore any possible smears on Hillary Clinton because Trump s hateful feuds with innocent people like the Khans were dominating everything. She said: Listen, Hillary Clinton had a disastrous interview on Fox on Sunday. We should be talking about that. But the Trump surrogate, Mr. Trump himself, have chosen to continue a fight with the gold star family and parents of Captain Khan. And that has put all my focus, all my outrage. I have no more outrage to give this week. I am so offended by the idea of an attack on the mother and father who buried their son because of service to country and sacrifice to country. Navarro even went on to say that her many of her colleagues would not be voting for Trump in November. She said: It s not panic. It s sadness. It s resignation. It s heartbreak. Later in the interview, Navarro commented on the fact that Trump has refused to endorse prominent Republicans like Paul Ryan, John McCain and Kelly Ayotte, likely because they have called him out and distanced themselves from his disrespectful comments. Navarro praised these GOPers for not getting Trump s support, calling it a  badge of honor : Thank God Trump is not endorsing them. That means they won t owe him a thing   As far as I m concerned, Trump [not endorsing them]   good for them. Badge of honor! You can watch Navarro go off on Trump s most recent campaign disaster below:By the way, Navarro s Twitter feed is definitely worth checking out   she regularly rips Trump and it s hilarious!TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitter Featured image via video screen capture",0
5200," GOP Billionaire Meg Whitman Endorses Hillary Clinton, Trashes Trump","Another day, another billionaire and/or Republican refuses to endorse the train wreck that is Donald J. Trump. While a slew of influential Republicans   elected or not   have rescinded or flat out refused to endorse the GOP presidential nominee, others have stubbornly remained by his side even after being stabbed in the back.But as Trump continues to say any outrageous, offensive and grotesque thing that comes to mind, one influential mega donor in the party is saying  enough  and is endorsing Trump s rival, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton instead. And her endorsement of Clinton isn t a  I guess I m with her  mentality, either   it s a full blown  Ready for Hillary  sentiment.Meg Whitman, a self made billionaire who didn t have any help from her daddy, posted a stinging denouncement of Trump on her Facebook. Earlier this year, during the primary, Whitman expressed concern that Trump s rhetoric would hurt the party and turn off the electorate.  It turns out she was right, as Hillary Clinton has taken the lead (for now) by margins of 7 points to 15 points nationally.Whitman referred to Trump as  uninformed,   unsteady,   authoritarian,  and a  demogauge.  She also praised Clinton for being an experienced, level-headed leader:As a proud Republican, casting my vote for President has usually been a simple matter. This year is different. To vote Republican out of party loyalty alone would be to endorse a candidacy that I believe has exploited anger, grievance, xenophobia and racial division. Donald Trump s demagoguery has undermined the fabric of our national character.Trump s reckless and uninformed positions on critical issues   from immigration to our economy to foreign policy   have made it abun dantly clear that he lacks both the policy depth and sound judgment required as President. Trump s unsteady hand would endanger our prosperity and national security. His authoritarian character could threaten much more.Therefore, I have decided to support Hillary Rodham Clinton. It is clear to me that Secretary Clinton s temperament, global experience and commitment to America s bedrock national values make her the far better choice in 2016 for President of the United States. In a tumultuous world, America needs the kind of stable and aspirational leadership Secretary Clinton can provide. I urge all Republicans to reject Donald Trump this November.Whitman, who is seen as a more moderate Republican given her positions of abortion, gay marriage and immigration, did the unthinkable: she put country over party. And for that Republicans are already denouncing her like they did Romney, Kasich, Christie Todd Whitman, and so forth.This also shouldn t come as a huge surprise. Whitman has donated to and aligned herself with California senator Barbara Boxer, considered one of the most liberal members of the Senate.Good for Meg Whitman in denouncing Trump and doing what is right. Hopefully more Republicans will take action.Featured image via Andrew Burton/Getty Images",0
5201," GOP Worried Trump Is Going To Drop Out, Scrambles To Come Up With Replacement","Just two weeks after Republicans officially named Donald Trump as their nominee, they are already discussing how to replace him. Every day, his campaign becomes even more of a disaster. Hell, on just Tuesday afternoon he managed to enrage the GOP by refusing to endorse Paul Ryan and John McCain in their bids for reelection, continually insulted the family of a deceased soldier, made a huge joke of the Purple Heart, and kicked a crying baby out of one of his campaign rallies.According to Jon Karl, the chief White House correspondent for ABC News, GOP officials are now worrying that Trump may drop out of the race and are trying to figure out how to go about replacing him if he should decide to quit. Karl reported: This is absolutely unprecedented. First of all, I am told RNC chairman Reince Priebus is furious, that he has had multiple discussions with Trump telling him he needs to drastically change course. But here s the news, I am told senior officials at the party are actively exploring what would happen if Trump dropped out, how to replace him on the ballot. Karl noted that Trump cannot be forced out now that he has been officially named as the party s nominee, but he could solve the problem for them by dropping out all on his own. He would have to go out voluntarily, then it would be the 168 members of the RNC, through a complicated process, that would pick a new candidate,  Karl said.  It would have to happen by early September. George Stephanopoulos, host of Good Morning America, was stunned and asked if that was actually a possibility. Karl responded: He is so unpredictable right now, they are so unable to control his message, that they just don t know and clearly think it is a possibility, which is why they re looking at these rules. Regardless, the big-mouthed billionaire has managed to stay withing  shouting distance  of Hillary Clinton, which has caused the GOP to become even more enraged at his constant blunders. Karl continued: I have to say the frustration is especially deep because they believe that Hillary Clinton looks vulnerable, exactly as (ABC News political analyst) Matthew (Dowd) said, and had a bad few days, the DNC has gone through a whole shake-up. She misstated what that director said about her emails. One top official told me if Trump had gone on vacation for the past two weeks, he would be in the lead. But, yes, he can still raise money and still has support among the Republican rank-and-file. The GOP is shaking in their boots now, and with good reason. Let s continue to watch the implosion unfold.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",0
5202, Khizr Khan EVISCERATES Trump For Disrespectful Purple Heart Comments (VIDEO),"Khizr Khan has been nailing Trump ever since he denounced the Republican nominee s hateful rhetoric at Hillary Clinton s Democratic National Convention last week. Things have only escalated as Trump has repeatedly attacked Khan and his wife, who lost their son, Muslim Army Captain Humayan Khan, while he was fighting for our country.But now that Trump has made some truly heartless, disrespectful comments about receiving a Purple Heart from one of his supporters yesterday, Khan came out in full blast and is more furious than ever that Trump disrespected every veteran by saying,  I always wanted to get the Purple Heart. This was much easier. In an interview with CNN s Anderson Cooper, Khan shamed Trump and called the acceptance of the medal  heartless.  Khan insisted that Trump  should have pinned that back to that veteran s chest and should have hugged him and thanked him! Khan, making sure that no one forgets that Trump had the chance to serve his country, and he dodged the draft instead, said: You had your chance. You escaped. You dodged the draft and now you want an  easy  Purple Heart in your pocket? You should have pinned it back. Even now, call that man. I want his surrogates to call that man, thank him and put that Purple Heart back on that person s chest. He wants to be the leader, commander-in-chief of this United States of America? That is the thoughtfulness? He should have put that Purple Heart back. If he would have been sensible he would have known what it takes to earn that Purple Heart. In fact, Trump had five deferments so that he could avoid serving his country, yet he thinks he is worthy of accepting a veteran s Purple Heart? Really, there is no one more undeserving of a Purple Heart than Trump. You can watch Khan s epic slam of Trump below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
5203," Tea Party Candidate Wants To Be Elected So Bad, He’ll Betray His Own Party Horrifically To Do It","Art Halvorson, a Tea Partier with a major agenda, is running for office against Rep. Bill Shuster (R-PA), who is the chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Ordinarily, this wouldn t be news, except that Halvorson is literally willing to do anything it takes to beat Shuster. Even if it means running as a Democrat.There s a reason to gag here, because it s like Halvorson is actually willing to infiltrate the Democratic Party in order to accomplish his aims. In fact, the worst kind of Tea Partier is one who will literally do anything, no matter how slimy, to win an election    kind of like Donald Trump. There s a reason the Tea Party is such a problem.A spokesperson for Shuster hit the nail on the head on Halvorson s absolute buttfuckery: By running for Congress as a Democrat after beating the other Democrat by 41 votes in the primary, Art Halvorson has proved that he cares about one thing and one thing only   himself,  said Casey Contres, a campaign spokesman for Shuster.  Not only is he betraying Democrats by calling their party Godless while forcing them to accept him as their nominee, but he is also betraying the will of the Republican primary voters that have twice rejected his attempt to get a job in Congress. He s betraying the will of the Republican primary voters,  that have rejected him. Here s a clue that he s unhinged: Halvorson lost his primary against Shuster, but he doesn t think that s the end of it. That s disgusting right there, because the Tea Party is supposed to be all about the will of the people over tyranny. They want small government, and think the people should hold the power. Does Halvorson think that the primary didn t reflect what the people of Pennsylvania s 9th District somehow? How is this kind of manipulation in keeping with what the Tea Party stands for?Simple answer: It doesn t.Halvorson is sick, like the entire Tea Party.The oddest thing is that he wants to let voters know that he s a Republican running as a Democrat, so they know they need to actually swallow their pride and (gasp!) vote Blue! But he faces a ridiculous battle. Gillian Kratzer, chairwoman of the Blair County Democrats, which is where Halvorson is running, says that Democrats won t be fooled. She believes he should know that Democrats won t support him. Republicans probably won t, either.Halvorson embodies Tea Party desperation at its finest. Many don t see how he ll win, but all that matters to him is himself. Who knew a Tea Partier could be so selfish? Oh wait.Featured image via Art Halvorson s Twitter account",0
5204, Sarah Palin’s Medal Of Honor Recipient Son-In-Law Just ANNIHILATED Trump (TWEETS),"Sarah Palin is a proud Trump supporter, but you know who isn t? The father of her previously-unwed-now married abstinence only advocate daughter Bristol s now-legit-in-Republican-Jesus -eyes daughter. Yes, while Sarah choo-choos around the country riding the Trump Train to Stupidville (with occasional hiatuses to help her precious little snowflake Track with his woman-beating and firearm problems), The Donald has managed to say something so terrible that Dakota Meyer   the guy who actually married Bristol Palin, mind you   was forced to be the voice of reason.Recently, Trump has spent much of his time attacking the parents of a Gold Star veteran with a shocking amount of success when one considers that his party allegedly supports the troops unconditionally (you know, until they need healthcare or the ability to buy food). Meyer, who is a genuine war hero whose actions earned him the Medal of Honor (hey, it s no Purple Heart, but at least he didn t just lazily take one from a supporter because it was  easier  than earning it like some people, Donald). If @realDonaldTrump wants to be the Commander in Chief, he needs to act like one,  Meyer tweeted Tuesday.  And that cant start until he apologizes to the Khans. If his name wasn t so unfortunately connected to Mrs. Teen Abstinence Superstar, one might easily forget at this moment that he s a member of Sarah Palin s family. We d know what Sarah thinks if she didn t spend the last few days b*tching about Hillary Clinton and avoiding the Khan family issue altogether.Unlike Meyer, much of the Right has followed Trump s disgusting example, even calling Khizr Khan an  agent  of the Muslim Brotherhood  perhaps to distract from the fact that he s actually managed to make the Pocket Constitution a bestseller, perhaps because he s a Muslim. Perhaps both, and any other number of batsh*t crazy reasons. They ve already jumped to  he was holding up the pocket SHARIA Constitution,  after all (I wish I was joking).Dakota Meyer   once again, the man who was crazy enough to marry Bristol Palin   has somehow become the Right s voice of reason. Allah help us all.Featured image via Twitter/Getty Images (Alex Wong)",0
5205," WATCH: Unhinged Trump Campaign Accuses Obama Of Being Time Traveler – NO, REALLY","Donald Trump s presidential campaign is spiraling out of control. Reeling from days and days of missteps by the nominee following the Democratic Convention, the campaign has been a steady stream of bizarre behavior and comments.And it isn t just the nominee who is making bizarre statements and accusations.Katrina Pierson, the national spokeswoman for Trump s presidential campaign, appeared on CNN s The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer. During the appearance, they discussed Trump s ongoing smear campaign attacking the family of U.S. Army Captain Humayun Khan.Watch: Katrina Pierson blames Obama and Clinton for Kahn losing his life in interview with Wolf Blizter. pic.twitter.com/XRGvm5tMsc  Hardys Closet  (@HardysCloset) August 2, 2016Pierson then told Blitzer that Khan s death likely came about because President Obama (along with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton) had changed the rules of engagement in Iraq.Captain Khan died in Iraq on June 8, 2004.When the Captain died, President Obama was a state senator from Illinois. He had not even given his famous  Two Americas  speech, which took place at the 2004 Democratic Convention on July 27, 2004. He had no power or influence over the rules of engagement on any battlefield the United States was involved in.The only way for any of that scenario   as described by Trump s official spokesperson   was for Obama to be in possession of a time machine, or through the use of magic or some kind of super power.The statement   from the Trump campaign s official spokesperson   comes on the same day where Trump held in a rally in which he insulted multiple American cities, said he hoped for an economic collapse to happen before he is elected so he won t be blamed, and yelled at two parents with crying babies.Later in the day, Trump gave an interview in which he promoted the primary challenger to Speaker Paul Ryan, said he was not ready to endorse Ryan, and attacked Senator Kelly Ayotte, the Republican nominee for the U.S. Senate in New Hampshire.All of these events happened on a single day.Featured image via Twitter",0
5206," Tammy Duckworth Just Put Trump In His Place Over Purple Heart, And It’s PERFECT (TWEET)","Earlier on Tuesday, Donald Trump decided to accept a Purple Heart from a supporter who had earned it for his service. It was a thoughtful gift, but one Trump should have refused to accept considering it is a medal earned by being greatly injured or dying in the line of duty serving the nation, and given in the name of the president.To top it all off, Trump said he  always wanted  one, and this way is  much easier. No one  wants  a Purple Heart. No one. It s something those in the military actually try to avoid earning, but when it is earned, it is greatly earned and comes with the respect of a grateful nation for the sacrifice given.One person who actually did serve their nation, and actually earned a Purple Heart, is none other than Rep. Tammy Duckworth (D-IL). She lost both of her legs and damaged her right arm while serving. A sacrifice Trump will never know anything about considering he got five deferments from serving in our military during a time of war.After hearing Trump s remarks surrounding the Purple Heart, Duckworth tweeted out: Donald Trump, this is how one usually looks when you are awarded the Purple Heart. Nothing easy about it. .@realdonaldtrump, this is how one usually looks when you are awarded the Purple Heart. Nothing easy about it. pic.twitter.com/K59HLnzmhK  Tammy Duckworth (@TammyforIL) August 2, 2016Good on you, Tammy, for showing Trump what actual sacrifice and serving one s nation with courage looks like.Featured Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
5207, Crying Girl Is Convinced Trump Will Deport Her Family After She Gets Wisdom Teeth Pulled (VIDEO),"A father decided to record his daughter after she got her wisdom teeth removed and probably got a more interesting response than he bargained for. In a video that is making the rounds on social media, he asks the teen girl if she would vote for Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton. At the mention of Trump s name, she instantly began crying. Oh my God, Donald Trump is the redneck leader,  she says quite accurately.  He s going to take you away from me. Why would he take me away?  dad asks. Because it s the redneck people that take us away from here,  she replies   once again, accurately. She then begins rambling incoherently in what sounds like Arabic. I need to go. Oh my god, Allah needs to come protect me from this.  Then she begins praying. Oh my god, he is a redneck,  the girl says, adding that  he looks like an orange  and  his parents were so ugly. He s going to kick me out, he s going to kick all of us out,  the hysterical girl cries as her father reminds her she was born in the United States, in Utah.Technically, that just means that he would force her to register in a national database, wear a special little badge informing everyone she is a Muslim, and be rounded up into a concentration camp  you know, as a  temporary measure. The teen then notices her mouth is bleeding and asks,  Is this blood from the rednecks? While this is hilarious, the question of what Donald Trump will do to her family and every other Muslim in the United States must be weighing on the girl s mind in some form. Unfortunately, Muslims will not like the answer to that.Watch the video below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMxrjfoMmi4Featured image via screengrab/Getty Images (John Moore)",0
5208, This Roofing Company Wants To Arm All Its Customers With AR-15s (VIDEO),"When you think of roofs and AR-15s, a great marketing campaign might not be the first thing to come to mind, but a roofing company in Colorado is offering the guns to anyone who buys a new roof.Weatherproof Roofing is just a few miles from the scenes of two of the nation s most notorious mass shootings: the Aurora shooting at a Batman movie and the Columbine High School shooting, which seemed to start our epidemic of mass shootings. AR-15s are a common choice for mass shooters, including the Orlando shooter, who killed 49 people, making it the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. So, somehow, James Webb, the owner of the roofing company, thought his customers would love to get their hands on a free killing machine. We are the only roofing company in the country that is offering this we figured we take a stand on what we believe,  Webb said. We help people protect the outside, and now we empower people to protect the inside,  Webb said.Source: ABC7 ChicagoHere s the video:Yes, the Supreme Court has ruled that the Second Amendment means people can own guns, lots of guns if they want, but AR-15s are particularly deadly and basically unnecessary, unless you plan on heading to war.AR-15s were once banned in this country, but after the assault weapons ban expired in 2004, they became even easier to obtain than handguns. Some states have regulated assault weapons, such as the AR-15, but Colorado, while liberal in some areas, loves their guns and hates their gun laws. Only the city of Denver bans assault weapons.Image via Think ProgressThe bottom line, though, is that while AR-15s have benefitted from an incredible marketing campaign, including one that tries to redefine masculinity (apparently for those who are not sure of their masculinity), it s a military style weapon and there s almost no practical use. For hunting, it could blow the prey to bits and for self defense, it could blow a house to bits. Of course, a good way for a roofing company to get repeat business is to give people toys that will blow holes through the new roof. As for the people who don t want AR-15s, Webb invites them to get their roofs elsewhere.Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
5209, Trump: Giving Me This Purple Heart Is ‘Much Easier’ Than Earning It Myself (VIDEO),"The rally in Virginia on Tuesday for Donald Trump went down as well as one would expect. The GOP presidential nominee, who was also a recipient of five deferments during the Vietnam War, bragged that one of his supporters who is a retired Lieutenant Colonel, gifted him with a Purple Heart medal. Just to be clear, this happened at the same venue in which Donald kicked a baby out of the rally. I said to him,  Is that like the real one, or is that a copy?  Donald said.Politico reports: Trump recounted the exchange, remarking that the man, who he identified as retired Lt. Col. Louis Dorfman said,  That s my real Purple Heart. I have such confidence in you. And I said,  Man, that s like big stuff. I always wanted to get the Purple Heart,  Donald continued.  This was much easier. At that point, Donald invited Dorfman to appear onstage with him on camera, so the two men then posed for photographs with Trump giving a thumbs-up before placing the Purple Heart back in his pocket.And none of this is weird (wink wink) after Donald s attacks on Humayun Khan s parents, whose son actually earned a Purple Heart. The Army Captain was remembered by soldiers who served with him as a selfless patriot.At any rate, Trump then told the crowd that he had asked Dorfman to speak, but that the man responded, saying,  No, sir. I d just like you to keep saying what you ve been saying. Watch courtesy of Politico:.@realDonaldTrump: ""A man came up to me, and he handed me his Purple Heart"" pic.twitter.com/ZoFf2qysjK  POLITICO (@politico) August 2, 2016Donald did not receive an actual Purple Heart today in Virginia as he stated. NBC reporter Katy Tur tweeted,  The man who gave Trump his purple heart told me earlier today, it was a copy of his purple heart. In Tur s next tweet she says Dorfman gifted Trump with the medal to defend the bombastic GOP candidate after he attacked a Gold Star family, which totally misses the point. It s never OK to disparage anyone who sacrificed their lives for our country.The man gave Trump his purple heart to remind him that ""more than one vet"" died for the USA. It was to defend Trump for the Khan fallout.  Katy Tur (@KatyTurNBC) August 2, 2016Flashback: In 2004, Virginia delegates mocked John Kerry for his Purple Heart. A prominent Virginia delegate handed out heart-covered bandages to delegates, who wore them on their chins, cheeks, the backs of their hands as well as other places.Image via screen capture. ",0
5210, Trump’s Right-hand Man Threatens ‘BLOODBATH’ If Election Is Hijacked From Trump (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has already been giving hints that he might back out of debating Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton over claims that the political system is  rigged  against him   even though we all know it s really because he s terrified of her. While most of us think Trump s attempts to blame outside forces for his incompetence are pathetic, some of his most prominent minions are coming to his rescue to further spread his conspiracy theories.Roger Stone, one of Trump s closest confidantes, spoke to Breitbart bigot Milo Yiannopoulos recently and warned that there would be a  bloodbath  if Trump didn t win the election. After several recent polls have suggested that Clinton is pulling ahead of Trump, Stone was more than happy to declare voter fraud. Stone said: I think we have widespread voter fraud, but the first thing that Trump needs to do is begin talking about it constantly. If there s voter fraud, this election will be illegitimate, the election of the winner will be illegitimate, we will have a constitutional crisis, widespread civil disobedience, and the government will no longer be the government. Of course, Yiannopoulos was right on board with this theory and the men had some horrific advice for Trump   continue to be as offensive as possible and push those buttons so that he can gain enough rabid support from racists and bigots to make up for any supposed rigging that might happen. Stone also suggested that Trump should vow to shut the government down if Clinton was elected in November. As if this interview couldn t get any crazier, delusional Stone issued this warning: If you can t have an honest election, nothing else counts. I think he s gotta put them on notice that their inauguration will be a rhetorical, and when I mean civil disobedience, not violence, but it will be a bloodbath  We will not stand for it. Trump s allies are just like him   they love to encourage violence and are incapable of acting like adults when things don t go their way. The amount of stupidity going on in this interview is unfathomable. You can listen to it below:Previously, Roger Stone had encouraged Trump supporters to go stalk and visit anti-Trump delegates in their hotel rooms if they tried to take the GOP nomination away from Trump.Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
5211, Conservatives Throw Racist Hissy Fit Because Malia Obama Acted Like A Teenager At Concert,"Malia Obama may be President Obama s daughter, but she is still a teenager who does things that normal teenagers do.But conservatives attacked her nonetheless because she had the audacity to dance during a concert at Lollapalooza.Malia Obama briefly showed off her twerking skills and danced with friends at the event, and that sent racists into a rage on social media.Here s the video of Malia dancing via Twitter.#MaliaObama dancing to Bryson Tiller s set at #LOLLAPALOOZA day 4. Work it!!! (video @actheplug) pic.twitter.com/EmDJ3rMZFZ  BallerAlert (@balleralert) August 1, 2016Here s are some responses via Facebook.And here are some conservative responses via Twitter. @WGCI @brysontiller she dances like a slut  Made in the AM (@Valerialoves_1D) August 2, 2016The First Twerking Jerk Malaria Obama shaking her booty. Trash beget Trash. #MalariaObama #MaliaObama #Malia #BabyGangster @balleralert  Jon Burrows (@JonJBurrows) August 1, 2016 @DailyMail The sheboon s testosterone is palpable.  Baconfist (@lrockhq) August 2, 2016@watercooler send her to Sweden for a proper goat humping moslem gang raping. Then back to America to die at the hands of an illegal alien.  America Rising (@BornPatriotUSA) July 30, 2016Despite this conservative temper tantrum, most people defended Malia because she was simply acting like a normal 18-year-old girl. And her defenders epically mocked the conservative outrage. @nypost And as long as I don t see pictures of her and her dad like this pic.twitter.com/WnNCzySqFX  Marc (@Mschwo623) July 29, 2016@nypost She s 18. It s still a free country. Remember, kids are off limits!!!!  CHERYL WI (@cheryl888888) July 30, 2016 @nypost She s been part of history for most of her life. Now she gets to be a teen! Brava Malia!!  Firehorse Girl (@Firehorsegirly) July 29, 2016@NYDailyNews She s 18 and out enjoying life. Good for her!  Danielle (@CityWitch718) July 29, 2016 @DailyMail @NONOTAGAIN good for her.. hoping she is not kept in a box. Let her learn about the world outside the White House.  still an individual (@CSPANJNKY) July 29, 2016@DailyMail Oh my God, an 18 year old acting like an 18 year old. Yikes. Lol!!  Jana Blade (@JanaBlade1) August 2, 2016 @DailyMail It s not like she s passed out on the ground drunk. pic.twitter.com/65HgQtDBio  Jana Blade (@JanaBlade1) August 2, 2016Seriously, Malia Obama is a teenager. She went to a concert with friends and had some fun dancing and listening to music. Conservatives act like that makes her a bad person with no morals, which makes them like the parents from the movie  Footloose. Featured image via Flickr",0
5212, WATCH: Six Minutes Of Conservative Media’s Sexist Assault On Hillary Clinton,"It s no secret that conservatives and Republicans (not all) despise President Obama simply because he is black. After years of insisting he s an  Arab,  from Kenya, a Muslim, or anything else you can name, it s telling that some Americans hold him to a completely different standard simply because he s black.Now take Hillary Clinton, who is on the cusp of making history as the first female President of the United States, just as Barack Obama did as the first African American president. For years, Clinton has been in the public eye as a governor s wife, a First Lady, a senator, a Secretary of State, and now a presidential candidate. But like their hate for President Obama simply because he is black, there are those on the right who hate her simply because she is a woman. Like the dog whistle politics that follow President Obama, conservatives have unleashed their own dog whistle on Clinton   and they are even louder.Whether it be the sound of her voice, her boisterous laugh, her  vagina politics  or making an honest woman  of herself, Hillary Clinton has been besmirched by the right based not on her policies, but by her gender.Don t believe it? The commentary speaks for itself: Throughout her career, the attacks have become worse. But yet here she is, making history (yet again), not brought down by the good old boys  club.This is why Hillary Clinton is the epitome of what it takes to be president: no matter what is thrown her way, she stands tall, and never relents. Unlike another presidential candidate, Clinton also doesn t take it personally, instead focusing on the real issues.Th sexist attacks will continue should Clinton win the presidency, and it may hamper some of her legislative hopes in a Congress that is still disproportionately Republican male. But like President Obama, Clinton will make us proud (should she stick to her campaign promises).Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5213, Will Smith GOES OFF In Furious Rant Against Trump And His Supporters (TWEETS),"When Donald Trump isn t getting blasted for his disrespectful comments about Muslim soldiers who died sacrificing their lives for America, the disgraced Republican nominee is being reminded of what awful things he s said about other groups.Thanks to actor Will Smith, this time it s women. In a recent interview, Smith reminded everyone that Trump s infamous misogyny and sexism are not to be forgotten amongst all of the other groups of people The Donald offends in any given week. Smith ripped Trump and his followers a new one when he said: For a man to be able to publicly refer to a woman as a fat pig, that makes me teary. And for people to applaud, that is absolutely f*cking insanity to me. Smith specifically is making reference to Trump s comments about Rosie O Donnell, but we all know Trump s anti-women remarks go far beyond her. In the past, Trump has also attacked Arianna Huffington, calling her a  dog  and tweeting that she s  unattractive both inside and out.  And let s not forget Trump s well-known feud with Fox News  Megyn Kelly.TwitterTwitterBut Smith didn t stop there. He continued to get more outraged, saying: My grandmother would have smacked my teeth out of my head if I had referred to a woman as a fat pig. And I cannot understand how people can clap for that. It s absolutely collective insanity If one of my sons, I am getting furious just thinking about it, if one of my sons said that in a public place, they couldn t even live in my house anymore. Smith also went beyond Trump s misogyny and called the business mogul out for his bigoted rhetoric toward basically all minorities: I think as much as we want to believe that love is the greatest human motivator, it s not. Fear is. Fear is the most dangerous and powerful motivator because when a human being gets scared, fight or flight kicks in. And there is this really separatist non-inclusive xenophobic, racist wave that is sweeping the globe that is making us pull apart farther than putting us together.The importance of leaders is that they have to be level headed, they have to be calm, because when people get scared, they lose their morality and that reptile mind takes over. It s the type of thing that you see in all forms of nature, but our leaders can t be that. For Smith, the only comfort he has in the midst of Trump s hateful campaign is his belief in America to know better than to elect the former reality TV star. Once again shaming Trump for his remarks about women, Smith said: For me, deep down in my heart, I believe that America won t and we can t (elect Mr. Trump). Of all the things he has said, and we could go through the laundry list, that was the one that was such an absolute illustration of a darkness of his soul. I just cannot figure out how people can clap for that. He added: I have faith in America. America has had really critical times but the good (people) tend to make their way to the top. Featured image via Jason Merritt and Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
5214, Donald Trump Just Attacked A Crying Baby At His Virginia Rally (VIDEO),"You know the age-old political trope that politicians spend a lot of time kissing babies? Well, Trump just turned that on his head when he dedicated a few minutes of a rally in Virginia on Tuesday to attacking a screaming infant in the audience   an actual screaming infant, not one of his followers. Don t worry about that baby, I love babies,  Trump told the child s mother.  I love babies. I hear that baby crying. I like it. I like it. What a beautiful baby. The mom s running around like  don t worry about it.  It s young and beautiful and healthy and that s what we want. After prattling on about China, Iraq, and Afghanistan devaluing currency, Trump couldn t resist going back to the baby situation: Actually I was only kidding, you can get the baby out of here. That s all right. Don t worry. I think she really believed me that I love having a baby crying while I m speaking. That s ok, people don t understand. That s OK. And the crowd cheered, though perhaps not as loudly when Trump is siccing them on a black man who had the nerve to speak out in support of his rights or anyone else who has been beaten by his followers after Trump issued his orders.This wasn t the only child who gave Trump problems at that rally. CBS  Sopan Deb noticed a boy no older than 10 screaming  Take that bitch down!  when The Donald mentioned Hillary Clinton.This phrase, along with a number of other profanity-laden attacks on Clinton, is regularly heard at Trump rallies, but the child s mother had an interesting scapegoat for her terrible parenting. NBC s Katy Tur followed up on the  bitch  kid and spoke to the mother, who simply explained that  Children are children. While it is true that kids will be kids, most don t scream  take that bitch down  at a gathering of white supremacists and other assorted creeps, cretins, and idiots. The woman told The Guardian s Ben Jacobs that  Democratic schools  are to blame for her child s behavior, adding that  he has a right to speak what he wants to.  Which is it, mom? Are the Democrats to blame for your brat s shitty behavior, or are you for giving him the freedom to speak as he wishes? Would your reaction be the same if he yelled that about you?It s worth noting that Trump said nothing about this screaming child   but CNN s Jason Carroll pointed out perhaps the most horrible aspect of this mess. After mentioning that Trump accepted a wounded veteran s Purple Heart, noting that he has  always wanted one  and that it was  much easier  than actually earning it by making sacrifices for his country, Carroll told the story of the baby: The crowd laughed. They enjoyed it. Was it a bit off color? Yes. But this is what people like about this man. Watch the CNN clip below: Featured image via NY Daily News",0
5215, Four-Year-Old Bursts Into Tears When She Learns Obama Is Leaving Office (VIDEO),"A few months ago, a story of a young African-American girl went viral on social media. The girl is a first grader named Kameria. She was devastated that President Obama would soon be leaving office and her tears appeared all over social media. Kameria isn t the only one. Another little girl s tears are going viral as she whimpers that she  will miss Obama. Abella Tomlin of Beaverton, Oregon, was in the backseat of her car and her mother was listening to the Democratic National Convention. Obama s the only president this four-year-old has ever known, but this was the first time she had to face the hard reality of term limits.The video starts off with Abella seeming to cry over whatever four-year-olds cry over. She asked her mother Andrea if she could watch a movie to  make (her) feel better.  Then, Andrea asked what was wrong and Abella cried,  I miss Obama. Andrea explained:  Abella has been an Obama fan since day one. She has grown up with him as a hero in our household, and as such has always talked about how much she loves him. I was just listening to the DNC speeches, and she asked me what they were talking about. So I explained to her that the country is getting ready to elect a new president. She immediately had tears running down her face and explained to me that Barack Obama was our president and how could we get a new one when we already had one. Source: Daily MailHere s the video: All is not lost for Abella, though. She thinks Hillary Clinton will be a good president.Andrea told Abella that maybe Obama should know how she feels, and she offered to send the President the video. Hopefully, as with Kameria, Abella will soon get an invitation to the White House.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5216, Dr. Drew: Trump And His Supporters Are Mentally Unstable,"Dr. Drew Pinsky knows a thing or two about reality show stars, so it wasn t really that hard for him to question Donald Trump s mental health.The Republican nominee has been going further and further off the deep end since the first day of his campaign last year. His behavior and big mouth have caused many Americans to say that Trump is not fit for public office, especially an office as powerful as the presidency, which has access to the nuclear weapons codes.And according to Dr. Drew, who is a board certified internist and a Assistant Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at the Keck School of Medicine at the University of Southern California, Americans are right to worry.During an interview with Don Lemon on CNN, Dr. Drew explained that he doesn t think Trump is necessarily insane. There s two definitions of sanity, one is legal definition, and that is somebody who is so out of it they don t know the difference between right and wrong. That is a very high standard for insanity, very few people meet that standard. When you re legally insane, you re really not functioning. Clinically, medically, usually when we talk about insanity, we mean psychotic, hearing voices, hallucinations. But he did concede that Trump is showing signs of mental instability. The question, though, is, are some of the reckless qualities that everyone is getting so disturbed about on the campaign going to be translated into office should he get elected? That s a pretty hard thing to predict. I don t know if this is just somebody playing politics, or is this somebody who really can t contain their impulses? When I hear people that are impulsive with their speech, I worry about hypomania and bipolar types of conditions. Pinsky then went on to question the mental health of Trump s supporters, who seem to support him no matter what he says or does. What s more fascinating to me, Don, is not him but his supporters that seem to not be concerned about any of this. That, to me, is fascinating. As always, what is up with us? Let s just assume that most people that would choose to be in a very high-profile race like this would have narcissistic tendencies, and there s something called sort of narcissistic injury, then narcissistic rage. If you injure   if you really shame somebody   they tend to be sort of teflon when it comes to shame. If you shame them, they can react with extreme aggression and extreme rage. So this seems to be that kind of a psychological process. Here s the video via VidMe.Donald Trump is a threat to this country. Placing him in a position with such consequential responsibility would be reckless and it would embarrass this nation on the world stage.America needs a president with a temperament and mental stability that will not cause World War III. We need someone who is not thin-skinned or easily provoked. We need someone who think of the people and the country before themselves. That person is NOT Donald Trump.Featured image via screenshot",0
5217, WATCH: Obama DRAGS Trump In Epic Fashion On The World Stage,"President Obama let loose on Donald Trump, describing the Republican presidential nominee as simply unfit to serve as President of the United States.In a press conference at the White House alongside the Prime Minister of Singapore, Obama as asked about Trump s attack on the family of deceased Army Captain Humayun Khan.""The Republican nominee is unfit to serve as president,"" President Obama says https://t.co/wjCjJOvbM5 https://t.co/fb5yN5gmpq  The Situation Room (@CNNSitRoom) August 2, 2016President Obama said: The Republican nominee is unfit to serve as President. I said so last week and he keeps on proving it. The notion that he would attack a gold star family that had made such extraordinary sacrifices on behalf of our country. The fact that he doesn t appear to have basic knowledge around critical issues, in Europe, the Middle East, in Asia, means that he s woefully unprepared to do this job. Obama s comments come as Trump has piled one screw-up on top of another, from attacking the Khan family, erroneously stating that Russia never invaded Crimea, going after local fire marshals, and calling Hillary Clinton the  devil. On Tuesday morning Trump even made light of Purple Heart winners as a supporter gave him a replica and Trump laughed about how  easy  it was to get one. The incident occurred as a New York Times report examined Trump s claims of how he avoided serving in the Vietnam War and found that he has made multiple contradictory excuses over the years for how he stayed out of the conflict.His campaign is also in trouble. Trump recently fired two senior staffers, including the man who put together the B-list celebrities who appeared at the Republican Convention.By contrast, Hillary Clinton has seen an uptick in her polling after the convention. CNN recorded the biggest post-convention bounce they ve polled since 2000, with the new CNN/ORC poll showing her 9% ahead of him, 52% to 43%. NBC found a similar result. The latest NBC/SurveyMonkey poll shows Clinton ahead 50% to 42%.Featured image via Twitter",0
5218," Republican Congressman Rejects Trump In Scathing Open Letter, Will Vote For Hillary","The GOP tent continues to get smaller as the first House Republican has decided to vote for Hillary Clinton against the divisive Donald Trump.New York GOP Rep. Richard Hanna, unlike many of his Republican colleagues, has a conscience. Therefore, he can t hold his nose and support the Republican nominee.Many Republicans continue to support Trump even though he has made blatantly racist comments and preached hate on the campaign trail. But Hanna has had enough.In an open letter written for Syracuse.com, Hanna ripped Trump:Months ago I publicly said I could never support Trump. My reasons were simple and personal. I found him profoundly offensive and narcissistic but as much as anything, a world-class panderer, anything but a leader. Little more than a changing mirror of those he speaks to. I never expect to agree with whoever is president, but at a minimum the president needs to consistently display those qualities I have preached to my two children: kindness, honesty, dignity, compassion and respect.I do not expect perfection, but I do require more than the embodiment of at least a short list of the seven deadly sins.Then Hanna slammed the Republican Party for alienating a large swath of Americans while becoming incapable of nominating a candidate who is electable:I have long held the belief that the Republican Party is becoming increasingly less capable of nominating a person who is electable as president. The primary process is so geared toward the party s political base, which ignores the fact that we have largely alienated women, Hispanics, the LGBT community, young voters and many others in general.Hanna went on to call Trump  deeply flawed  and blasted him for the way he has treated John McCain and for the way he is treating Humayun Khan s family now. Hanna is ashamed that his party continues to still support Trump even though he is insulting military families and veterans across the country.And that why he is throwing his support   and most importantly, his vote -to Hillary Clinton.Secretary Clinton has issues that depending on where one stands can be viewed as great or small. But she stands and has stood for causes bigger than herself for a lifetime. That matters. Mrs. Clinton has promoted many of the issues I have been committed to over the years including expanding education and supporting women s health care.While I disagree with her on many issues, I will vote for Mrs. Clinton. I will be hopeful and resolute in my belief that being a good American who loves his country is far more important than parties or winning and losing. I trust she can lead. All Republicans may not like the direction, but they can live to win or lose another day with a real candidate. Our response to the public s anger and the need to rebuild requires complex solutions, experience, knowledge and balance. Not bumper sticker slogans that pander to our disappointment, fear and hate.Now that one Republican in Congress has the balls to vote for Hillary in rejection of Trump, how many others will do the same?Featured image via Sara D. Davis/Getty Images",0
5219, Crowd Erupts In Boos When Military Mom Asks Pence About Trump’s Khan Statements,"A Mike Pence rally in Nevada turned ugly when a military mom asked the vice presidential candidate about Donald Trump s recent statements regarding Khizr Khan and his wife Ghazala. Rally goers viciously booed her and demanded to know why she was even there in the first place.The woman, who was later identified as identified as Catherine Byrne. began by explaining that her son is serving in the Air Force. Of course, the crowd cheered enthusiastically. But when she continued, their mood quickly did an about face: Time and time again, [Donald] Trump has disrespected our nation s armed forces and veterans. And his disrespect for Mr. Khan  That was as far as she got before the crowd became vicious, booing her so fiercely that they drowned out her words. Why are you here?  one woman screamed angrily. But Byrne continued to speak You ve got a son in the military, how do you tolerate this disrespect? Pence finally stepped in after about 10 seconds and began to hush the crowd. That s OK,  he said. Pence then reiterated what he and said when he was confronted by protesters in Ohio last week: That s what freedom looks like, and that s what freedom sounds like. Pence then praised Capt. Humayun Khan and his family. Khan was killed in Iraq while serving in the United States military. His parents made headlines when they appeared at the Democratic National Convention and blasted Trump for his anti-Muslim rhetoric. The Republican nominee responded to Khizr Khan s criticism of his bigoted policies by attack them. Capt. Khan is an American hero and we honor him and honor his family,  he said.  The story of Capt. Khan is an incredibly inspiring story. But in the next breath, Pence defended Trump. I have never been around someone more devoted to the armed forces of this country,  Pence said of Trump.  There is no one more devoted to the veterans in this country. One of the people booing Byrne was Denise Martinez. She said that she admired how Pence had dealt with the tense situation. I thought he handled it really, really well,  she said.  Looking back, I think I would ve taken the high road. He handled it the right way, the way I wish Trump would have,  she added.Barbara Weisenthal was another woman who was booing. In her opinion, Khizr Khan had no right  to speak about Trump the way he did at the DNC and his entire speech  was almost like slander. Weisenthal added that the rally was  probably not the best place  for Byrne to ask her question.Jack Christenson, who is a veteran himself, argued that even though Byrne had the right to speak out thanks to the Constitution, she didn t have the right  to violate everyone else s rights  by asking a question of a person running to be vice president.Roen Horn said Byrne was claiming that Trump was  somehow insulting the veterans,  which he said was  a bunch of crap. She was politicizing the veterans,  he said.  She had an agenda. Featured image via Ralph Freso/Getty Images ",0
5220, Hilarious Political Cartoon Mocks Trump PERFECTLY Over His Alleged ‘Sacrifices’,"Donald Trump has gotten himself in a world of trouble over his slams of Gold Star families, particularly the Khan family. He whined and cried that Khizr Khan, whose son died in Iraq, had attacked him at the DNC and he s just been defending himself,  this whole time. He s brought up all the sacrifices he has made, because everything he does is totally the same thing as someone giving their life for their country.What were those sacrifices? They re listed below as part of this David Granlund cartoon that makes all of life in the spotlight very awkward if you re Trump:#NeverTrump #GoldStarFamilyDonald Trump hasn t tweeted in over 2 hours pic.twitter.com/aKkMYtdpst  TrumpHasn tTweetedIn (@HeHasntTweeted) August 2, 2016Just to recap, Trump has sacrificed:Let s see the disaster that was his Atlantic City properties is enough evidence to call most of this true. Of course, he doesn t see it that way at all. He s a raving success for his entire life, and his failures are just lies made up by the evil, liberal, mainstream media.Trump University is more evidence of the above because he scammed thousands of students out of thousands of dollars each. He s done all kinds of weaseling about that, but the fact remains that Trump U. was a scam and students were left on the hook for their money and without learning anything useful, like Trump s path to riches and glory.A few days ago, Trump was asked specifically what he gave up for his country that was in any way comparable to a soldier giving up his life. He seriously thinks that he gave up as much as Captain Khan and every other soldier who s ever died, and their families, in creating those thousands of jobs he likes to brag about.He also thinks that donations are this huge sacrifice, and actually said he works very, very hard, bragged about his tremendous success,  and talked up the fact that he thinks he s done a lot here. The truth is, General Draft Dodger McSmallhands created all those jobs, built all those structures, and made all those donations to enrich himself. Whatever benefits there were to society are side deals to him.And if people are hurt when his deals go south? Too bad for them, it seems.As for the future of the GOP, well, he s sounded their death knell. They re too cowardly to stand up to him and his gross insults of Gold Star families, and most of America is outraged over both Trump s statements and the GOP s lack of meaningful censure.So those are the sacrifices that Trump has really made oh wait. There are two more. He sacrificed two marriages in order to build his empire. Be still our beating hearts.Featured image by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5221, Meet The REAL Billionaire Who Just Took Trump To The Woodshed (VIDEO),"Warren Buffett is one of the richest people in the world (third on the list, according to Forbes  most recent ranking, and he is backing Hillary Clinton for President of the United States. Buffett appeared with Clinton at a campaign event on Monday, and he took aim at Donald Trump.Buffett, campaigning on behalf of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, challenged Trump to meet him  any place, any time  with a copy of his tax returns. Buffett said he would bring his returns and the two of them would answer questions from the public. He dismissed Trump s contention that he couldn t release them because he s being audited. Buffett said his return is being examined by the Internal Revenue Service as well. You re only afraid if you ve got something to be afraid about,  Buffett told a cheering crowd in Omaha.  He s not afraid because of the IRS, he s afraid because of you. While it has been impossible to verify Trump s claims to wealth, investor Buffett   often described as the  oracle of Omaha,  has a well documented fortune that is estimated to be $60.8 billion dollars. Also unlike Trump Buffett is known for living a relatively humble life style for someone with his sort of rent. He lives in a relatively modest home in Nebraska (no gold plating) and traded in his 2006 car for a 2014 Cadillac.Buffett is the third well-known billionaire to come out in support of Clinton and bash Trump. Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg endorsed Clinton at the Democratic convention, while Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban praised Clinton at a Pennsylvania rally while calling Trump a  jagoff. Trump has claimed to be worth  $10 billion dollars  but has offered no documentation to prove his net worth or show what his tax payments have been. Previous testimony from Trump has shown him wildly changing on his net worth, and he sued an author who documented an investigation showing Trump to be worth several million but not among the world s billionaires.Featured image via YouTube",0
5222, WATCH: Hateful Trump Mob Boos Military Mom At Official Rally,"Following in Donald Trump s footsteps of attacking military families, a mother with a son serving in the U.S. Airforce was booed at a rally for his presidential campaign on Monday. The moment happened as the woman was attempting to ask a question of Gov. Mike Pence, Trump s running mate.WATCH: Military mom booed at Pence rally for asking about Trump's treatment of Khan family. pic.twitter.com/soaCWAhh6n  Correct The Record (@CorrectRecord) August 1, 2016After delivering a standard stump speech, Pence took audience questions at a room inside a Carson City, Nevada, casino.The second question came from a woman who said her son serves in the U.S. Air Force. The mother asked about Trump s treatment of Muslim parents Khizr and Ghazala Khan, whose son, a decorated Army veteran, was killed in Iraq in 2004. Will there ever be a point in time when you re able to look Trump in the eye and tell him enough is enough?  the woman asked Pence, prompting boos from the crowd.Pence hushed the crowd as the woman had her microphone taken away, and told them,  That s what freedom looks like. That s what freedom sounds like. Pence went on to say,  Captain Khan is an American hero and we honor him and honor his family.  But neither he nor Trump repudiated the nominee s attacks on the family, who spoke out against Trump s proposed anti-Muslim ban at the Democratic Convention.Trump has insisted that he was  viciously  attacked by the Khans and claimed that Ghazala Khan didn t speak up at the convention due to her Islamic faith.Khan said on MSNBC and in an op-ed in the Washington Post that she was overcome with grief still at the death of her son and could not speak up.Trump has been blasted for his insensitivity by the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) and other Gold Star family members who have demanded an apology. Some Republicans governors and senators have spoken out against Trump s comments but without actually rescinding their endorsements of his presidential campaign.Featured image via screen capture",0
5223, Have You Fallen For The Nude Melania Trump Distraction Photos? (IMAGES),"After a really bad week for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, where he was destroyed endlessly by speaker after speaker at the Democratic National Convention, including by the Muslim parents of a fallen soldier, it would seem desperate times called for desperate measures.You may have noticed that the New York Post released photos of Melania Trump where she is posing nude, and even with other girls. Shocking, right? No, not really, considering this was Melania s former career, and her husband has always embraced it to the point of gloating.Here are the covers:Today's cover: Melania Trump like you've never seen her before https://t.co/wkoDGWTF9g pic.twitter.com/V375rBTUEw  New York Post (@nypost) July 31, 2016Today's cover: Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photo shoot revealed https://t.co/QUEjkxZnXg pic.twitter.com/38p82c0MiM  New York Post (@nypost) August 1, 2016So, the question can be asked, why now? And as to not sound like a complete conspiracy theorist, let s look at all the evidence and connect the dots   which doesn t take terribly long.Those dots can probably be reduced even more so, because it doesn t take a genius to figure it all out. So, don t fall for it. It s clear media manipulation at its finest and it s working gloriously. Let s not let it.Focus on the fact that Trump is a racist, misogynistic egomaniac who will attack women, Muslims, Latinos, and now Gold Star families all while never admitting he s wrong. Focus on the fact that he d rather have you looking at his beautiful wife in the nude, and then feign outrage to get you to come back on his side. Focus on the fact that he has absolutely none of the experience necessary to be President of the United States. DO NOT focus on distraction tactics.Featured image via Twitter",0
5224, Trump Would Give Ivanka SICK And DISGUSTING Advice If She Were Being Sexually Harassed At Work,"It s disgusting enough that Donald Trump jumped to serial womanizer and harsser Roger Ailes  defense in the wake of a growing sexual harassment scandal at Fox News. When asked how he d respond if his daughter, Ivanka, was being harassed the way that Ailes harassed many women, his answer was positively vile.Kirsten Powers, a Fox News contributor and USA Today columnist, pointedly asked Trump that very question. His reply? I would like to think she would find another career or find another company if that was the case. Because it should always be incumbent upon the woman to handle the situation quietly, instead of her harasser s responsibility to, oh, we don t know, maybe not harass women. Novel idea, yes? Trump literally just said he wouldn t want his daughter to report it, to complain, to fight for herself, or to out her harasser. From there, given his defense of Ailes and his own proclivity towards womanizing and harassment, we can assume that he expects her to work to avoid ruining her harasser s career and life at all costs.Just over a week ago, Trump told NBC s Chuck Todd the following: Some of the women that are complaining, I know how much he s helped them Now, all of a sudden, they re saying these horrible things about him. Piling on a bandwagon, in his opinion? Perhaps. Maybe he thinks they re jaded because Ailes passed them over for promotion, or worse, because Ailes didn t hit on them, but hit on other women in front of them and they were jealous. The mind of a misogynist can create all kinds of theories as to why women would dare ruin a career as obviously stellar as that of Roger Ailes.Most women can t just up and quit their jobs because they re being harassed. Even if they all could, they should absolutely not be expected to. Why? Because the harassment is not their fault, and it should be on their harasser to go find a new damn job. It s the harasser who was wrong.Ivanka stands by her father in his bid for the presidency, and he should not be telling her to tuck tail and run in the face of harassment, as if the harassment is her fault. That is victim-blaming at its absolute worst. He s a horrifically sick bastard for that.Featured image by Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
5225, Trump Supporter Has A FULL MELTDOWN Because No One Else On CNN Panel Supports Trump (VIDEO),"Ever since Donald Trump had the nerve to insult and attack the parents of a slain Muslim soldier who sacrificed his life for his country, he s been getting backlash from both Democrats and Republicans. And it turns out, it s getting difficult for even the most die-hard Trump fans to defend him.That s why when CNN contributor and Trump lover Scottie Nell Hughes was asked to defend the attacks Trump made on the Khan family, it didn t take long before she gave up and started complaining that there weren t enough Trump supporters to back her up on the panel. Completely disregarding the fact that there happened to be a well-respected Republican strategist on the panel as well, Hughes accused CNN of being biased and whined: Look at this panel. Four versus one. Co-host Kate Bolduan tried to keep Hughes focused to discuss the real matter at hand, and said: Criticizing the makeup of a panel does not help the argument for Donald Trump. But they never could get to the real discussion, because Hughes kept insisting that her nonstop complaints about the panelists were helping because she was calling out  continued media bias.  Embracing behavior that she might have learned from Trump himself, Hughes continued to have a childish meltdown to avoid getting to the real issues. Hughes also accused prominent Republicans like House Speaker Paul Ryan, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, and Sen. John McCain of  anti-Trump bias  because they d had the decency to speak out against Trump s attacks on the Gold Star parents.But the conversation eventually went back to the panel, which according to Hughes, was not necessarily fair and balanced. It took a few minutes, but Bolduan finally lost the last bit of her patience and said, Oh my God, Scottie, really if you want to waste more airtime talking about the weight of the panel go right ahead. I m actually really surprised that you would go on this route rather than making a cogent argument for your candidate. You can watch Hughes throw a Trump-like temper tantrum below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
5226, Ken Burns Destroys Trump For Lying ‘200 Or 300 Times A Day’ (VIDEO),"Documentary filmmaker Ken Burns knows a thing or two about presidential decorum. He has made documentaries on Thomas Jefferson, Theodore Roosevelt and Franklin Roosevelt. He s also an accomplished student of history, which means that when he says Donald Trump isn t presidential, Americans should stand up and take notice.Burns appeared on Morning Joe on Monday morning. He was asked if Trump was the least qualified major party candidate since _____.Burns answered that there s never been anyone less qualified than Trump. He cites a Facebook page called  Historians on Donald Trump,  by saying all the historians on the page agree that Trump is completely unprecedented in having zero credentials for the presidency, and they are looking back throughout our history.When asked why Trump has so much support, Burns responded that it was essentially xenophobia and overall fear: I think we are susceptible because of these changing times to a message of fear and easy solutions. There are no easy solutions, but he denigrates the much-maligned but very subtle art of governance. Burns continued that politics are messy but that politicians need to know how to get stuff done. That s when he delivered his most brutal blow to Trump: You need somebody who actually knows how to get it done and who doesn t just lie 200 or 300 times a day. Here s the video:.@KenBurns on Trump: You need somebody who actually knows how to get it done and doesn t just lie 200-300x a day https://t.co/cybRQlZTWA  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) August 1, 2016Obviously, Burns is far from the only person saying that Trump is wildly unfit for the job as leader of the free world. In fact, if I were on one of Trump s boards of directors, I d wonder if he was fit to run a lemonade stand, but Burns  words matter because he is a student of history, and he is not one to talk just to hear the sound of his own voice. He might have been slightly exaggerating when he said Trump lied 200   300 times a day, but according to Politifact, when Trump moves his lips, it s generally to lie.",0
5227, Trump Trolls Caught In The Act Of Spewing IDENTICAL Propaganda Over And Over Again,"If you ve recently gotten into an online political debate, it s likely that you ve encountered some people claiming to be former Democrats who are now supporting Trump. Many Democrats dismiss these people as trolls, and as it turns out, they are probably right. There is a giant epidemic of people (mostly two users) spouting the exact same verbiage throughout social media.Does this sound familiar?I come from a family of Democrats and switched to Republican to over for Mr. Trump! My 80 year old father who s been a life time (sic) Democrat is voting for Donald Trump!Here it is, twice, from two different users:I suppose that could be a coincidence, in a parallel universe, but a quick Google search shows that it s not. Both Kim Smith and Daniel Mazurkiewicz show up dozens of times with the exact same quote. Here s just a sample of the Google results:It s not just Facebook. There is also this:There are also a string of fans of that particular comment:A look at their Facebook pages reveals something kind of strange. Daniel Mazurkiewicz s first post was in April. His image is a watermarked Getty Images picture. Smith appears to have disappeared.There are a couple of possible explanations. One is that these people are classic paid internet trolls. It was revealed just the other day that the Kremlin is behind a massive troll campaign to help boost the billionaire.In his research from St. Petersburg, (freelance journalist Adrian) Chen discovered that Russian internet trolls   paid by the Kremlin to spread false information on the internet   have been behind a number of  highly coordinated campaigns  to deceive the American public.It s a brand of information warfare, known as  dezinformatsiya,  that has been used by the Russians since at least the Cold War. The disinformation campaigns are only one  active measure  tool used by Russian intelligence to  sow discord among,  and within, allies perceived hostile to Russia.Source: Business InsiderIt s not just Russians, though. Trump has paid people to cheer for him. Trump has also been his own cheerleader, by posing as his PR people in the past. In other words, there s a good chance that  Kim Smith  and  Daniel Mazurkiewicz  are, in fact, Donald Trump posing as his supporters.Featured image via John Moore at Getty Images.",0
5228, WATCH Fareed Zakaria Flat-Out Call Trump A ‘Bullsh*t Artist’ On Live Television,"Fareed Zakaria tends to go for the heart of the matter when he s talking about pretty much anything, but it s not likely that anybody expected him to criticize Donald Trump as bluntly as he did. Zakaria was live on CNN, speaking with Wolf Blitzer about what it says when a presidential candidate has to come back, time and again, to clarify what he says on volatile issues like Russia.Zakaria explained that there s a pattern of ignorance with Trump, and how, when someone points out that he s wrong somewhere, he comes back  with a certain bravado and tries to explain it away with a tweet or a statement.  He listed multiple examples of this, such as Brexit, the nuclear triad, and even where Tim Kaine was governor (Trump said New Jersey; Kaine actually governed Virginia). Then he said: Usually he adds that the press hates him. But there s a term for this kind of thing   This is the mode of a bullshit artist. DAMN. There s a truth bomb if there ever was one. Trump is, indeed, a bullshit artist   there s no other way to put it. Watch Zakaria s entire comment below:Fareed Zakaria, discussing Trump on CNN:  This is the mode of a bullshit artist.  pic.twitter.com/WXsgeegGFS  Dave Itzkoff (@ditzkoff) August 1, 2016 Zakaria just hit one of Trump s biggest problems on the head with an awfully heavy hammer. Trump can t ever admit that he made a mistake. It s the media that s dishonest. It s his opponents and enemies who are dishonest. Everyone but him is incredibly dishonest and unfair, and he s just a victim for whom our hearts bleed pink carbonated peanut butter. In the end, though, a bullshit artist is what he really is. And he s the GOP s candidate for president.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
5229, Top Bush Advisor Jumps From Sinking GOP Ship,"Yet another highly respected conservative is jumping from the sinking GOP ship now that the captain is billionaire blowhard Donald Trump. Sally Bradshaw, a top adviser to Jeb Bush, announced on Monday that she is leaving the Republican Party, and furthermore, if the race is close in Florida she plans to cast her vote for Hillary Clinton.Bradshaw, who was a top advisor to Bush during his 2016 campaign, has now officially changed her registration to unaffiliated rather than Republican. In an email interview, she told CNN s Jamie Gangel that the GOP is at a crossroads and have nominated a total narcissist   a misogynist   a bigot. This is a time when country has to take priority over political parties. Donald Trump cannot be elected president,  Bradshaw said.Bradshaw has a long history with the Bush family, having begun her career in 1988 working for George H.W. Bush s campaign. She has now joined the ranks of  many other prominent Republicans who are staunchly refusing to jump on the Trump Train. Bradshaw said: This election cycle is a test. As much as I don t want another four years of (President Barack) Obama s policies, I can t look my children in the eye and tell them I voted for Donald Trump. I can t tell them to love their neighbor and treat others the way they wanted to be treated, and then vote for Donald Trump. I won t do it. Her departure comes on the heels of Trump s revolting comments about the parents of a Muslim-American soldier who sacrificed his life in Iraq while fighting for the United States military. Bradshaw said his remarks were revolting and made me sick to my stomach.  She continued: Donald Trump belittled a woman who gave birth to a son who died fighting for the United States. If anything, that reinforced my decision to become an independent voter. Every family who loses a loved one in service to our country or who has a family member who serves in the military should be honored, regardless of their political views. Vets and their family have more than earned the right to those views. Someone with the temperament to be president would understand and respect that. Bradshaw said Trump s most recent comment was the proverbial straw that broke the camel s back, however, leaving the GOP is something she had been contemplating for awhile. I ve been considering the switch for months. Ultimately, I could not abide the hateful rhetoric of Donald Trump and his complete lack of principles and conservative philosophy. I didn t make this decision lightly   I have worked hard to make our party a place where all would feel welcome. But Trump has taken the GOP in another direction, and too many Republicans are standing by and looking the other way. She served as Jeb Bush s campaign manager both times he ran for governor of Florida. She said she hasn t made up her mind who she plans to vote for, but it obviously won t be Trump. I haven t made a decision yet between Clinton, Gary Johnson or writing in a candidate. If the race in Florida is close, I will vote for Hillary Clinton. That is a very difficult statement for me to make. I disagree with her on several important issues. I have worked to elect Republicans to national and statewide offices for the last 30 years. I have never voted for a Democrat for president, and I consider myself a conservative, a supporter of limited government, gun rights, free enterprise, equality of opportunity. I am pro-life. There are no other candidates who were serious contenders for the nomination that I would not have supported. Bradley faults Trump s presidential competitors for not coming out strong enough against him earlier in the campaign season. I really fault the candidates who did not speak out against Trump until the end of the primary cycle. Lindsay Graham and Jeb Bush spoke out early and consistently   but most did not, fearful of offending that segment of the party or positioning themselves for future office. Bradshaw insists that it is  the only real choice for reasonable, thoughtful Republicans to make. Our president must represent what is good about America   a belief in opportunity for all   regardless of race and gender and background   to rise up and live the American dream. A president can t tear down Hispanics, or mock someone who is disabled, or use symbols in campaign literature that Jewish voters understandably find offensive. To continue to be the hope of the world, all Americans regardless of party affiliation have to reject him. She added: If and when the party regains its sanity, I ll be ready to return. But until Republicans send a message to party leadership that this cannot stand, nothing will ever change. Truer words were never spoken. The GOP is no longer the party of conservatism. It is the party of Trumpism.Featured image via Joshua Lott/Getty Images",0
5230, Major Veterans Group Shreds Trump In A Statement For Attacking Parents Of Fallen War Hero,"After GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump attacked the family of a fallen U.S. soldier, a well-deserved backlash ensued. Khizr Khan delivered a powerful speech criticizing Trump at last week s Democratic National Convention. That s all it took for Donald to unleash angry tweets and interviews directed at Khizr and Ghazala Khan, the parents of Humayun Khan, 27, who ordered those around him to take cover as soon as he saw a taxi barreling through the gates of his base in Baquba, Iraq in 2004. As he approached the vehicle, it exploded.The Veterans of Foreign Wars released a strongly worded statement against Trump on Monday for his comments about Ghazala Khan, calling the Republican nominee  out of bounds,  according to Politico. Election year or not, the VFW will not tolerate anyone berating a Gold Star family member for exercising his or her right of speech or expression,  said VFW leader Brian Duffy in the statement.Trump said during an interview on ABC on Sunday that Ghazala Khan  wasn t allowed to have anything to say  in an attempt to attack her faith. Mrs. Khan said she didn t speak because she felt emotional talking about her son s death. There are certain sacrosanct subjects that no amount of wordsmithing can repair once crossed,  Duffy continued to say in the statement.  Giving one s life to nation is the greatest sacrifice, followed closely by all Gold Star families, who have a right to make their voices heard. In addition to the VFW, Gold Star families released a letter blasting Trump. The Gold Star families called Trump s comments  repugnant, and personally offensive. When you question a mother s pain, by implying that her religion, not her grief, kept her from addressing an arena of people, you are attacking us,  the letter added.  When you say your job building buildings is akin to our sacrifice, you are attacking our sacrifice. This isn t Trump s first attack on a war hero. He mocked John McCain for being a prisoner of war and now the Arizona Senator has responded to Trump s attack on the parents of Humayun Khan.Featured image via Gustavo Caballero/Getty.",0
5231, Obama Blasts Trump At Veterans’ Event For ‘Trash-Talking’ Troops (VIDEO),"Most Americans understand that we should all give the utmost honor and respect to those who fight for our safety and our freedom, as well as their families. That is especially true of our Gold Star families   those families who have lost a loved one in battle. Of course, as he has demonstrated on more than one occasion Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump does not share these values.Trump spent the last 72 hours insulting the parents of a Muslim soldier, Army Captain Humayun Khan, for daring to speak out against his anti-Muslim bigotry. Well, President Obama, on the other hand, spent his Monday afternoon at an event in Atlanta, Georgia for disabled veterans. He also had very harsh words for Donald Trump.Without even mentioning the GOP nominee s name, the President took him to the woodshed over his attacks on the Khans and on the military in general: As Commander-in-Chief, I m pretty tired of some folks trash-talking America s military and troops. You know, our military is somewhat smaller after two major ground wars come to a close. That s natural. We re going to keep doing everything we need to do to improve readiness and modernize our forces. But let s get some facts straight. America s Army is the best trained, best equipped land force on the planet. Our Navy is the largest and most lethal in the world. The precision of and reach of our Air Force is unmatched. Our Marines are the world s truly only expeditionary force. We have the world s finest Coast Guard. WE have the most capable fighting force in  history, and we re going to keep it that way. President Obama is right, of course. How dare Trump or anyone else who has never served or had family members serve trash talk troops and Gold Star families? Trump isn t fit to be Commander-in-Chief. He needs to take a cue from President Obama when it comes to how a potential president should act with regards to our military families and the sacrifices they make.Watch President Obama s remarks below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5232, McCain SLAMS Trump For Attacks On Khans: He Doesn’t Represent The GOP,"Republicans are having a very hard time swallowing the latest   not to mention lowest yet   controversy swirling around their newly crowned standard-bearer. Of course, everyone has seen the despicable attacks Donald Trump has leveled at the parents of a Muslim American soldier, Army Captain Humayun Khan, because the hero s father, Khizr Khan, dared to criticize him for his bigotry. Well, one Republican has had enough, and he has come out strongly against Trump s remarks.Senator John McCain (R-AZ), who Trump insulted last year because he was a prisoner of war for nearly 6 years, blasted Trump in a strongly worded statement. McCain said that Trump denigrated the Khan family and their sacrifice. Here is the entire statement, in full, via CNN:Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5233, Mike Pence Somehow Makes Trump’s Khan Family Disaster EVEN WORSE (TWEET),"Ever since Khizr and Ghazala Khan gave their powerful speech at Hillary Clinton s Democratic National Convention, Trump has been attacking them for calling him out on his anti-Muslim rhetoric.The Khans are the parents of a slain Muslim soldier who was killed while fighting for America   but that didn t stop Trump from insulting and disrespecting them. Trump not only criticized Mrs. Khan for not speaking during the speech (which was really because the grieving Gold Star mother was afraid she would burst into tears) and telling the Khans that he, too, had made so many sacrifices.TwitterSince these remarks, Trump has received backlash from both Democrats and Republicans who recognize how heartless and cowardly it is to attack the parents of a slain soldier. Hillary Clinton herself denounced Trump s criticism of Ghazala, calling Trump s attacks insulting the family of a fallen soldier   Captain Khan, an American Muslim who sacrificed his life to protect his unit and other soldiers as a taxi raced toward a base containing a bomb. If you didn t think the response from Trump could get any worse, you re severely underestimating him and his team. On Sunday night, Trump s running mate released a statement that first appeared to be a defense of the Khan family   until the true nature of his statement was revealed. Mike Pence, in a Facebook post, claimed that even though Trump s recent actions show that he does NOT care at all about the Kahns, Trump actually cares very much. Pence, whose own son is a Marine, wrote, Captain Khan gave his life to defend our country in the global war on terror. Then of course, Pence goes on to blame President Barack Obama and Clinton for ISIS   and doubled down on Trump s proposal to ban Muslims from coming into the United States. Pence wrote: By suspending immigration from countries that have been compromised by terrorism, rebuilding our military, defeating ISIS at its source and projecting strength on the global stage, we will reduce the likelihood that other American families will face the enduring heartbreak of the Khan family. What a way to honor a Gold Star family! You can check out Pence s Facebook post below:Featured image via John Moore / Getty Images",0
5234, KHAN REACTION: Read The Letter The Families Of ELEVEN Fallen Soldiers Just Sent To Trump,"The families of eleven American soldiers who lost their lives serving the United States have banded together and sent a letter to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, reacting to his attack on the family of deceased Army Captain Humayun Khan.After his father Khizr Khan spoke to the Democratic Convention, Trump asked ABC News,  Did Hillary s scriptwriters write it?  Minimizing the loss of Khan s son, Trump also said: I think I ve made a lot of sacrifices. I work very, very hard. I ve created thousands and thousands of jobs, tens of thousands of jobs, built great structures. I ve had tremendous success. I think I ve done a lot. Karen Meredith, who lost her son Ken Ballard in Iraq, organized a letter with the families of eleven other fallen soldiers to demand an apology from Trump. Here is the letter:August 1, 2016Donald J Trump725 Fifth AvenueNew York, NY 10022Mr. Trump,We are all Gold Star Families, who have lost those we love the most in war. Ours is a sacrifice you will never know. Ours is a sacrifice we would never want you to know.Your recent comments regarding the Khan family were repugnant, and personally offensive to us. When you question a mother s pain, by implying that her religion, not her grief, kept her from addressing an arena of people, you are attacking us. When you say your job building buildings is akin to our sacrifice, you are attacking our sacrifice.You are not just attacking us, you are cheapening the sacrifice made by those we lost.You are minimizing the risk our service members make for all of us.This goes beyond politics. It is about a sense of decency. That kind decency you mock as  political correctness. We feel we must speak out and demand you apologize to the Khans, to all Gold Star families, and to all Americans for your offensive, and frankly anti-American, comments.We hope you will hear us.Sincerely,Diane and Neil Santoriello, Mother and Father of 1LT Neil Santoriello, KIA, IraqSummer Lipford-Mickelson, Mother, Frederick Sirko, Father, Kirby Mickelson, Stepfather, Laura Sirko Samimy and Bridget Sirko Gentle, Sisters of PFC Steven Sirko, KIA, Iraq.Sue and Randy Loudon, Mother and Father of 2ndLt. Christopher Loudon, KIA, IraqMelanie House, Widow of HM3 John Daniel House, KIA, IraqDerek and Lorene Davey, Mother and Father of Cpl. Seamus M. Davey, KIA, IraqCeleste Zappala, Mother, and Raphael Zappala, Brother of SGT. Sherwood Baker, KIA, IraqSue Niederer, Mother of 2LT Seth Dvorin, KIA, IraqFulvio and Gilda Carbonaro, Father and Mother of Sgt. Alessandro Carbonaro, KIA, IraqKaren Meredith, Mother of 1LT Ken Ballard, KIA, IraqSergio Torres, Father, Lupe Torres, Mother and Beatriz Saldivar, Aunt of SGT Daniel Torres, KIA, IraqMG (Ret.) Paul D. Eaton, and Frank Eaton, sons of Col. Norman Eaton, KIA, VietnamThese families are right. Trump does need to apologize, instead of doubling down. Likely, he ll just launch another attack at more Gold Star families instead, though, because that is just the kind of sorry excuse for a human being he is.Featured image via Flickr",0
5235, Twitter Users Give Cowardly Trump Hilarious Excuses To Skip Debates Against Hillary,"Donald Trump is getting ripped to pieces on Twitter right now for already signaling that he might try to find a way to skip the scheduled presidential debates against Hillary Clinton.On Friday, the Republican nominee complained on Twitter that two of the debates are scheduled for Thursday nights on the same time as NFL games, which he called  unacceptable. As usual, Hillary & the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 30, 2016Many believe that Trump is already trying to manufacture any excuse he can to weasel out of having to take on the former Secretary of State one-on-one to avoid revealing himself as the political flunkie he is. In recognition of Trump s cowardice, Twitter users helpfully came up with a multitude of hilarious #TrumpDebateExcuses of their own.  I m busy being audited.  #TrumpDebateExcuses  Jonah Goldberg (@JonahNRO) August 1, 2016My hood doesn t have a mouth hole #TrumpDebateExcuses pic.twitter.com/oltTZpcFEp  Cheeto Jesus (@TrumpStink) August 1, 2016 . busy visiting an old friend in prison.#TrumpDebateExcuses . pic.twitter.com/sJdH3GDe0L  ANONYMOUS JOBS (@AnonymousJobsUS) August 1, 2016I m a coward and a loser. Wait, did I say that out loud? #TrumpDebateExcuses  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) August 1, 2016 #TrumpDebateExcuses a medical condition Scrotum Negativitis (no balls)  Jon Hartmann (@jonhartmannjazz) August 1, 2016I ll be too busy dry humping my daughter. #TrumpDebateExcuses pic.twitter.com/mgNVn3J71i  Benny (@BRios82) August 1, 2016 It s poker night at the Kremlin. #TrumpDebateExcuses  Hillary Is Coming! (@HillaryIsComing) August 1, 2016Working on new logo#TrumpDebateExcuses pic.twitter.com/JccxNnJhdk  Cheeto Jesus (@TrumpStink) August 1, 2016 #TrumpDebateExcuses Buying new winter gloves. pic.twitter.com/ounZuzMAL0  +MOLLY (@Plantflowes) August 1, 2016Loves Strong Men Like Putin  Fears Strong Women  #TrumpDebateExcuses pic.twitter.com/4ObHaHYj8J  Peace Is Active (@peaceisactive) August 1, 2016 #TrumpDebateExcuses   Funeral Services On That Day. pic.twitter.com/OJRxvkoZ9w  Sarah Good (@shoutoutvine20) July 31, 2016#TrumpDebateExcusesthere is only one debate format I find acceptable and they will not accommodate me. pic.twitter.com/uqVAqOXLm9  NaphiSoc (@NaphiSoc) July 31, 2016 #TrumpDebateExcuses The moderators will ask questions with words I don t know about policies I ve never heard of & she ll know the answers.  Pat Fuller (@bannerite) July 31, 2016#TrumpDebateExcuses I need more time to study my playbook  pic.twitter.com/l8RRRYDvs1  Republican Swine (@RepublicanSwine) July 31, 2016 #TrumpDebateExcuses My bone spur is acting up again  pic.twitter.com/SfArLmPavU  NurseMom (@Dem4Hillary) July 31, 2016Promised to go jogging with Christie.#TrumpDebateExcuses#NeverTrump  Crimea River (@HooplaHappens) July 31, 2016 Already had a sleepover planned with the NRA #TrumpDebateExcuses  Millennials4Hillary (@StillWithHer) July 31, 2016Trump just got seriously burned. He d be better off just showing up to get his ass handed to him by Hillary.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
5236, SECOND Military Mom SLAMS Trump: ‘This Is An Attack On All Gold Star Families’,"Another mother who lost her son in military combat is blasting Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump for his attack on the family of deceased serviceman Humayun Khan.Karen Meredith s son, First Lieutenant Ken Ballard, died in combat in Najaf, Iraq in 2004.In a press release from the veterans advocacy group VoteVets, Ms. Meredith wrote: The parents of Humayun Khan showed great courage, standing up in front of the Democratic Convention.  Mrs. Khan, who was too grief-stricken to speak to such a large audience, showed extraordinary courage and strength by standing on stage with her husband.  For Donald Trump to insult their culture, by saying that is why she did not speak, is offensive. She continues: Donald Trump has already disrespected our POWs, and our veterans, and now, he has insulted the fallen and the families of the fallen.  This is an attack on all Gold Star Families.  It is an attack on service, and the spirit of service, itself. After Trump attacked the Khan family in an interview with ABC News, he also compared his personal losses to the loss of their son, claiming that he has made  sacrifices  as well. Of course, all of Trump s five children are alive and well and none have served in military combat.In her letter, Meredith also addresses this point: Our men and women in the military make sacrifices every day.  Our military families make sacrifices every day. Donald Trump hasn t sacrificed anything close to that. Building buildings is a job. He didn t lose anything. Even when he went bankrupt he didn t lose anything. All he did is lose other people s money. She also points out the lack of strong condemnation from Republican Party leaders like Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan: If they are not willing to stand up to him right now, when he attacks our fallen and Gold Star Families, are they ever going to be willing to stand up to him?  When will Paul Ryan stand up to him?  When will Mitch McConnell stand up to him?  When will Reince Priebus stand up to him?  If not now   when? By comparison, Hillary Clinton has repeatedly praised the Khan family, including a statement that noted,  Captain Khan and his family represent the best of America, and we salute them. Featured image via YouTube",0
5237, Twitter LAYS INTO GOP Leaders Over Amazingly Wishy-Washy Statements On Trump’s Anti-Muslim Hate,"When Khizr Khan took the stage at the DNC to give a heartfelt speech about the very real sacrifice his Muslim son made in Iraq, and to call out Trump on his anti-Muslim hatred as the height of insult against people like Capt. Khan, many probably expected the GOP to hop on board and repudiate Trump. After all, insulting those who fight to keep us safe from terrorism is just sick and wrong.It seems now that we ll all be waiting a long time to hear them do that. House Speaker Paul Ryan, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, have indeed issued statements against Trump, but they re so weak and watery that they re meaningless, empty gestures.McConnell said: Captain Khan was an American hero, and like all Americans I m grateful for the sacrifices that selfless young men like Capt. Khan and their families have made in the war on terror. All Americans should value the patriotic service of the patriots who volunteer to selflessly defend us in the armed services. And as I have long made clear, I agree with the Khans and families across the country that a travel ban of all members of a religion is simply contrary to American values. Some of that is word-salady enough to make us tilt our heads and think,  Say what?  Ultimately, though, McConnell got what he deserved from the Twitterverse. They see right through the meaninglessness of this statement, particularly because it s paired with the GOP s continuing endorsement of Trump.    Paul Ryan s statement wasn t much better. He said:  America s greatness is built on the principles of liberty and preserved by the men and women who wear the uniform to defend it. As I have said on numerous occasions, a religious test for entering our country is not reflective of these fundamental values. I reject it. Many Muslim Americans have served valiantly in our military, and made the ultimate sacrifice. Captain Khan was one such brave example. His sacrifice and that of Khizr and Ghazala Khan should always be honored. Period. His statement is clearer, but no less empty than McConnell s. Twitter saw right through him, too.     Given that Trump has since insulted both Khizr and his wife publicly, instead of apologizing to a grieving family for his cold-hearted fuckery, it s more important than ever for the GOP to publicly reject him. In fact, Khizr has pleaded with them to do just that. They won t, though. These statements make that clear.The only way for Republicans to prove that Trump doesn t speak for them on this issue is to directly and bluntly reject him, since he obviously doesn t represent American values. They should have done this months ago, and they didn t because they re impotent. Now they re stuck supporting Trump, which makes them the party of all the hate Trump spews forth from his black and shriveled soul.Image of Paul Ryan by Joe Raedle/Getty Images. Image of Mitch McConnell by Drew Angerer/Getty Images. Images merged by Rika Christensen",0
5238, Harry Reid Slams GOP Brass: They’re ‘Spineless’ For Continued Trump Support,"Harry Reid has had just about enough of the refusal of the leaders of the Republican Party  to disavow their  support of Donald Trump. The Senate Minority Leader slammed his colleagues on the other side   House Speaker Paul Ryan and House Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in particular   for refusing to un-endorse their presidential nominee, even as he attacks the mother of a fallen American soldier.Reid issued a blistering missive against Ryan and McConnell, saying: Senator McConnell and Speaker Ryan approvingly spoke at Donald Trump s convention, endorsed Donald Trump for president and believe he is mentally fit to sit in the Oval Office. Occasional statements that do nothing to repudiate Donald Trump s words and actions are spineless. Anything short of revoking their endorsements is cowardice.This shouldn t be hard. Donald Trump is a sexist and racist man who insults Gold Star parents, stokes fear of Muslims and sows hatred of Latinos. He should not be president and Republican leaders have a moral responsibility to say so . Senator Reid is right. Donald Trump has run his campaign on increasingly dangerous rhetoric that taps into the deepest, basest instincts in his blind followers. Now, he has escalated those attacks to a family of the fallen, just because they had the audacity to call out his disgusting anti-Muslim bigotry. Kzir Khan was right. Donald Trump has sacrificed nothing and no one for this great country. All he has done is make a complete and utter mockery of our election process and run the most outrageously offensive presidential campaign we have ever seen.Speaker Ryan and Senator McConnell, if you have any integrity, morals, values, or love of country at all, you will not continue to push to make this shameful excuse for a presidential candidate our Commander-in-Chief. He is clearly unfit to hold that office. It s time to put country before party. For once in your sorry careers, do the right thing.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5239, WATCH: Khizr Khan Pleas With Top GOP Officials To Abandon Trump,"Khizr Khan, whose son died while serving as an American Army captain in Iraq, spoke at the Democratic National Convention where he called out Donald Trump for his proposal to ban Muslims from entering the United States. Khan said during his speech that Trump has sacrificed nothing and no one in his life. Trump fired back at the man and his family, creating a political firestorm.During an interview on MSNBC s The Last Word, Khan pleaded with GOP House Speaker Paul Ryan and GOP Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to disavow Trump. During his plea, Khan alleges that the only reason the two have not dropped Trump is due to fear of the political consequences of the move. If your candidate wins and he governs the way he has campaigned, my country this country will have a Constitutional crisis like never before in the history of this country. And my conscience compels me under these really difficult circumstances.  [I have] very raw emotions. I am a very composed person. I don t become that emotional but there is so much at stake and I appeal to both of these leaders. There comes a time in the history of a nation where a moral stand must be taken regardless of the political cost. The only reason they are not repudiating his behavior, his threat to our democracy, our decency, our foundation, is just because of political consequences. Both Ryan and McConnell have tacitly spoken out against the comments Trump made about the Khan family. Both Republicans are less than thrilled that Trump is the Republican Party s presidential candidate, though the two have said that they will support him over Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.If and how long Trump will continue to have their support is anyone s guess.You can watch the interview below, in full.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5240, WATCH The Simpsons TEAR APART The GOP’s Delusions Of President Trump,"Ah, The Simpsons, the hilarious animated show that s been on television for nearly 30 years now, and is a staple of American comedy. They ve never been afraid to tackle controversial and volatile issues within the context of the show, and that includes the 2016 presidential election. And why not? We have Donald Trump this year. He s walking cannon fodder.This video deals with the importance of the 3 a.m. phone call at the White House that means the world s about to end, and looks at how both Hillary and Trump would handle it. They lampoon Hillary here, too, but that s all they do. However, they tear into, and destroy, any and all illusions that anybody may have that Trump would actually make, well, any kind of a president at all.The spoof asks the viewer to consider who they want to vote for based on how each candidate reacts to that crucial 3 a.m. phone call. Watch it below, and remember that guffawing at Trump is perfectly okay.Trump likes to pawn an awful lot off onto other people. Who would he pawn that 3 a.m. phone call off onto while he went back to sleep in the gold-plated bed he ll no doubt have brought into the Lincoln Bedroom following his triumph over Hillary? In the end, though, what this spoof does is put Trump s (ahem) leadership capabilities under a very uncomfortable microscope, as well it should.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
5241, Trump Just Made Sarah Palin Sound Like A Genius With This Answer About Russia (VIDEO),"During an interview on ABC s This Week, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump was questioned by the show s host, George Stephanopoulos, about Russia s involvement with Crimea. Trump s answer is so completely ignorant that it definitively proves that Trump has a childlike understanding of current foreign affairs.While being questioned about Vladamir Putin and the GOP s stance regarding Ukraine, Trump insisted that Putin is not moving into Crimea   despite the fact that Putin had already moved into Crimea in 2014. He s not going into Ukraine, OK, just so you understand. He s not going to go into Ukraine, all right? You can mark it down. You can put it down. You can take it anywhere you want,  Trump said. Well, he s already there, isn t he?  Stephanopoulos responded.Trump said: OK   well, he s there in a certain way. But I m not there. You have Obama there. And frankly, that whole part of the world is a mess under Obama with all the strength that you re talking about and all of the power of NATO and all of this. In the meantime, he s going away. He takes Crimea. Trump then seemed to imply that Russia had a greater claim to the Crimean than the Ukraine. I m going to take a look at it,  Trump said.  But you know, the people of Crimea, from what I ve heard, would rather be with Russia than where they were. And you have to look at that, also   just so you understand, that was done under Obama s administration. Trump went on to say: And as far as the Ukraine is concerned, it s a mess. And that s under the Obama s administration with his strong ties to NATO. So with all of these strong ties to NATO, Ukraine is a mess. Crimea has been taken. Don t blame Donald Trump for that. Trump, at no point during the line of questioning Stephanopoulos gave him regarding the Ukraine, seemed to know what he was talking about. He appears to have no knowledge of one of the biggest events to happen so far in the 21st century.You can watch the relevant part of the interview below..@realDonaldTrump to @ThisWeekABC: Putin's ""not gonna go into Ukraine, all right? You can mark it down."" #ThisWeek https://t.co/C2PQQYg1c9  ABC News (@ABC) July 31, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5242, ‘Responsible Gun Owner’ Shoots At IHOP Customer Who Told Him To Stop Spewing Racial Slurs,"Early Saturday morning, a customer at a Kansas International House of Pancakes called 911 to report that one of the NRA s  responsible gun owners  had opened fire on him for the most ridiculous reason one can think of.According to Wichita Police Sgt. Steve Yarberry, the 31-year-old victim had asked another man to stop spewing racial slurs at the restaurant. Instead of offering a polite acquiescence or even engaging in a spirited debate, the hate-spewing gentleman opted to communicate using the Second Amendment   not the words, but the action. At least one shot was fired in the parking lot of the IHOP. Upon leaving the restaurant, the unnamed victim noticed a black sedan following him. Then   at least three more gunshots rang out. Police believe that the shooter stalked his victim. One of the rounds struck the tailgate of his vehicle,  Yarberry explained. Fortunately the target, who only asked that the man stop acting like a racist douchebag, was not hurt in the attack. He did not know the shooter, the Sergeant says.According to the National Rifle Association, nothing should have impeded the shooter s ability to own and possess a firearm until the very moment he pulled the trigger or committed another crime with the gun. Until that moment, he was a  good guy with a gun,  the last line of defense against a tyrannical government and criminals like himself. But that s the problem    good guys  and  bad guys  look exactly the same, until it is too late, that is.The suspect has still not been identified or apprehended.Featured image via The Wichita Eagle",0
5243, Your Kids Might Be Attending ‘After School Satan Clubs’ This Fall – And It’s All The Christians’ Fault,"Christians have long lobbied for the ability to peddle their religion in the public square. This includes public schools, despite the fact that this is patently illegal, per the Constitution. However, all of that changed when, in 2001, when they had the Supreme Court on their side, and were able to have Good News Clubs and the like open the door to proselytizing to impressionable school children.Well, that  victory  is coming to bite these idiots in the ass, because if they allow one religion access, they must allow all. Now, the worst nightmare of right-wing Christians everywhere is coming true. Those wonderful rabble-rousers at the Satanic Temple are at it again, and this time they are offering  After School Satan Clubs  to elementary school children, and they might be in schools in some U.S. states as early as the coming school year.Now, of course, the Satanic Temple members don t worship any devil. They don t even believe in any devil. That won t matter to right-wing Christians, though. They ll be screaming about the End Times and railing against this as soon as their tiny little minds stop spinning. It is also important to note that this move is not, in any way, about pushing Satanism or atheism or anything else. It s about reminding people that the law applies to everyone. If Christians can peddle religion in schools, then so can Satanists and everyone else. Even Mat Staver of the infamously hateful Liberty Counsel, couldn t find any legal way to keep the Satanists out. He said of the clubs, when asked: I would definitely oppose after -school Satanic clubs, but they have a First Amendment right to meet. I suspect, in this particular case, I can t imagine there s going to be a lot of students participating in this. It s probably dust they re kicking up and is likely to fade away in the near future for lack of interest. Dust kicking or not, this is important. It s long overdue for other religious and non-religious groups to be on equal social footing with Christianity. The way to do that is to make some noise, tell the world, hey, we re here. Not everyone believes like you, and we have right, too.Here is a video on the club:What the Satanic Temple is doing is wonderful and necessary. And the kids will have fun, too. There will be art projects and science sessions and all sorts of educational things. However, they definitely need help to get the materials to pull this off, so, if you are so inclined and able, head here to donate.Featured image via Josh Reynolds for The Washington Post via Getty Images",0
5244, WATCH: Khizr Khan DESTROYS Trump During Interview For Attacking His Family,"Donald Trump has received a massive backlash over his comments directed at the Khizr Khan and his family. Khan spoke out against Trump at the Democratic National Convention, lambasting the Republican presidential candidate to ban all Muslims from entering the United States. During Kahn s speech, his wife, Ghazala Khan, stood beside him. Trump later said that she did not speak during the event because she was not  allowed  to speak. Although she did, later in a response to Trump that published in the Washington Post.On Sunday morning, Khan delivered a blistering response to Trump s attacks against his family during an interview on CNN s State of the Union. During the interview, Khan said that Trump  is a black soul. For this candidate for presidency to not be aware of the respect of a gold star mother standing there, and he had to take that shot at her, this is height of ignorance. This is why I showed him that constitution. Had he read that, he would know what status a gold star mother holds in that nation. This country holds such a person in the highest regard. And he has no knowledge, no awareness. That is height of his ignorance. She is ill. She had high blood pressure. People that know her, looked at her face, and she said, I may fall off the stage. And I told her that, you have to assemble yourself and stand for the beauty of this tribute that is being paid. This person is totally incapable of empathy. I want his family to counsel him, teach him some empathy. He will be a better person if he could become   but he is a black soul. Trump s attacks against the Khan family are despicable but they are nothing new. The vile remarks he has been making against Muslims, in general, have always been attacks against the Khan family. They are attacks against Muslim families all over the world who have done nothing wrong. Trump is now learning the hard way that his words do, in fact, have consequences. Those consequences are going to bite him hard during the rest of the general election.You can watch the interview below, in full.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5245, New Poll Shows Clinton Opening 15 point Lead Over Trump After DNC,"All the pundits doubted her ability to do it, but she did it. After four nights of hope, progress and inclusion, Hillary Clinton capped off the Democratic National Convention with a resounding speech of hope and change, echoing President Obama s speech the night before that America is not in decline   we just need to keep believing and working.CNN s instant poll found that 85 percent of those who watched Mrs. Clinton s speech had a positive reaction (including 71 percent who had a  very positive  reaction), while only 12 percent saw it negatively.It paid off for Clinton handsomely.While the media was ecstatic about Trump s post convention bounce in the polls, the first comprehensive poll since the DNC showed something every Democrat should be hopeful about.A new blowout poll from RABA Research shows Secretary Clinton opening up a 15 point lead over Donald J. Trump, 46-31 percent, with third party candidates Gary Johnson capturing 7 percent and Jill Stein with 2 percent. Fifteen percent of those polled were still unsure.RABA has given Clinton her largest lead over Donald Trump so far in 2016, and showed some striking pick-ups for the former secretary:RABA conducted its poll the day after the convention with a sample of 956 voters. When RABA conducted the same poll just after the RNC, Clinton still led, but by only five points, meaning Clinton experienced a 10 point bounce post-DNC.Now that s a post-convention bounce. Americans had both parties present their ideas, their nominees and leaders to them. They have chosen wisely which side they want to be on. Now is it likely Clinton would beat Donald Trump by 15 points? Absolutely not. But what RABA shows us (coupled with a new poll from Ipsos/Reuters showing Clinton leading by 6 points) offers us hope.Democrats have something to look forward to after the doom and gloom polls post-RNC convention. Now it s up to those same Democrats to take that hope and make it a reality by voting in November, not just for Hillary Clinton, but for down-ticket candidates that promise to work with her and end the gridlock in Congress.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5246, WATCH: Trump Surrogate Tries To Defend Trump Sacrifice Interview And Fails Hard," It s a trap!  That s the messaging that the Trump campaign has decided to go with when asked about Trump s response to the father of a Muslim man who died while serving as an American Army captain overseas. It s a narrative that the Trump campaign uses often   if Trump says something horrible on camera it s because the media twisted his words. One of Trump s surrogates, Scottie Nell Hughes, tried to use this tactic during a segment on CNN s New Day on Sunday morning.The father, Khizr Khan, spoke at the Democratic National Convention, where he called out Trump for his proposal to ban Muslims from entering the United States. Khan said during his speech that Trump has sacrificed nothing or no one in his life.Trump, a billionaire, responded by saying: I think I ve made a lot of sacrifices. I work very, very hard. I ve created thousands and thousands of jobs, tens of thousands of jobs, built great structures. I ve had tremendous success. I think I ve done a lot. This response came out during an interview with George Stephanopoulos.Hughes says that she was initially disappointed with Trump s comments about Khan. However, once she realized that the interview was a part of the media s agenda to make Trump look bad, which is apparently something he could never do on his own in the mind of a Trump supporter, she has to tell people the truth   it s all a giant media conspiracy. Now that I ve read the questions and the Trump campaign and others have released the full transcript, you can see what a setup this is. Which was nothing but to trap Mr. Trump going forward. The truth is that Trump is trapped. He is trapped by the vile rhetoric that he has spewed throughout the primary election. He went full fascist and it is preventing him from being able to effectively pivot more to the middle in order to win the votes he needs to win a general election.Hughes, like many other Trump supporters, are in for a rude awakening when if they are capable of doing so   they realize that they backed a losing candidate.You can watch Hughes desperately try to rationalize Trump s horrendous comments below.#Trump to #KhizrKhan ""I've made a lot of sacrifices"" @VictorBlackwell gets reax from @scottienhughes @asbthelawhttps://t.co/imMsHa8ARQ  New Day (@NewDay) July 31, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5247, ‘White Lives Matter’ Rally Breaks Out In Chaos As Neo-Nazi Attacks Protesters (VIDEO),"As many of us could have predicted would be the outcome, a  White Lives Matter  rally broke out in chaos and a brawl ensued.The rally was held in South Buffalo, New York on Saturday afternoon, organized by the neo-Nazi National Socialist Movement. When the rally took place in Cazenovia Park, only one neo-Nazi official was among the other supporters  white supremacist Karl Hand. Hand, who is also the chief of the Racial Nationalist Party of America, revealed he d had little involvement in organizing the rally: I didn t organize it. I was just invited to speak. But that didn t stop him from p*ssing people off and spewing his racist views. One video of the event even shows a woman scolding Hand and telling him that nobody is going to take your sh*t in this day and age, you are sick people  the rest of the United States is going to trample you out. In protest of the event, over 300 activists came out, which outnumbered the White Lives Matter supporters tremendously. The protesters held signs that said,  Not Here,   Black Lives Matter  and,  We promote unity in Buffalo.  Bridget Marren, one of the protesters in attendance and a South Buffalo native, said: We live here. We don t want that hate spread here. But what the White Lives Matter rallygoers lacked in attendance numbers, they made up in offensiveness. The Buffalo Police had dozens of officers at the rally to help control the crowd, but they still couldn t stop another racist neo-Nazi wearing a green  White Pride  t-shirt from getting into a fight with counter-protesters. The situation had eventually escalated so much that his shirt was ripped off when he got into a scuffle.You can watch the rally devolve into chaos in the videos below:But really, what else could we expect from a White Lives Matter rally?Featured image is a screenshot",0
5248, Mother Of Slain American Muslim Soldier Pens Scathing Response To Donald Trump,"Khizr Khan, whose son was killed in Iraq while serving in the United States Military, took the stage at the Democratic National Convention and blasted Donald Trump. Beside him, his wife stood quietly while he asked if the Republican nominee had ever read the Constitution and then offered to lend him his copy. So naturally, Trump decided to attack her silence, insisting she held her tongue because she was MuslimGhazala Khan wrote a scathing response to the billionaire bully that was published in Sunday s edition of the Washington Post.Donald Trump has asked why I did not speak at the Democratic convention. He said he would like to hear from me. Here is my answer to Donald Trump: Because without saying a thing, all the world, all America, felt my pain. I am a Gold Star mother. Whoever saw me felt me in their heart.She wrote of how much her son, Humayun Khan, loved his country and how brave he was. She told of how, like every soldier s mother, she worried for his safety. She said that as he got on the plane for his deployment, he gave her strength. Don t worry, Mom. Everything will be all right,  he had told her.Mother s Day 2004 was the last time Ghazala got to speak with her son. She had begged him to be safe and he told her, Mom, these are my soldiers, these are my people. I have to take care of them.  He was taking care of his men when he died. He went to investigate a suspicious vehicle and was killed by a car bomb, but only after telling his everyone else to stay back and take cover.She said that her son always wanted to help people, something he did by volunteering to teach swim classes for people with disabilities at a local hospital. She added that he had wanted to follow in his father s footsteps and become a lawyer. To this day, Ghazala said she is unable to walk into a room with pictures of the middle son she lost. Walking onto the convention stage, with a huge picture of my son behind me, I could hardly control myself,  she wrote.  What mother could? Donald Trump has children whom he loves. Does he really need to wonder why I did not speak? Ghazala then spoke directly to the Republican nominee as she concluded.Donald Trump said that maybe I wasn t allowed to say anything. That is not true. My husband asked me if I wanted to speak, but I told him I could not. My religion teaches me that all human beings are equal in God s eyes. Husband and wife are part of each other; you should love and respect each other so you can take care of the family.Donald Trump said he has made a lot of sacrifices. He doesn t know what the word sacrifice means.Something tells me that Trump wishes he hadn t antagonized Ghazala to the point she felt the need to respond. It surely didn t turn out very well for him.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5249, Trump Gets His A** Handed To Him For Whining That Slain Soldier’s Dad ‘Viciously’ Attacked Him,"Donald Trump woke up on Sunday morning and decided to play the victim and Twitter was NOT having any of it.On Saturday, the Republican nominee responded to the speech delivered by Khizr Khan, the father of an American soldier who sacrificed his life to save the lives of the soldiers under his command.Khan told the DNC Convention that Trump has never sacrificed anything for this country and doesn t know what sacrifice is, and Trump proved him right.During an interview with ABC, Trump claimed that he has sacrificed a lot by listing things that he has done like building crap with his name on it. But sacrifice requires giving up something for the greater good, and that does not include building high-priced resorts only the wealthy can enjoy in order to enrich yourself.Almost instantly, a new hashtag was born as #TrumpSacrifices trended on Twitter.On Sunday morning, Trump whined that it is unfair to attack him because he has the right to respond to Khan s speech, which he characterized as a  vicious attack  and then threw in an attack on Hillary Clinton.I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 31, 2016Of course, Twitter users once again mercilessly mocked Trump for pretending that he is the victim. .@realDonaldTrump let us also not forget that you supported the war until it went bad  Justin Green (@JGreenDC) July 31, 2016@swin24 @JGreenDC @realDonaldTrump Who in your family served? If captured or died soldiers don t count for you.  PJaye (@Sewnsew27) July 31, 2016 .@realDonaldTrump his son died fighting for his country. You took draft deferments to avoid Vietnam  Justin Green (@JGreenDC) July 31, 2016.@realDonaldTrump You were not  viciously attacked.  You were asked questions.  Jacquie (@After_Words) July 31, 2016 @realDonaldTrump what do you have to offer besides a wall  Danielle Sandler (@daniellesandler) July 31, 2016Textbook malignant narcissism. https://t.co/GCi0VbVmpj @realDonaldTrump  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) July 31, 2016 @realDonaldTrump miserable fuck-stick . Just walk away from this.  Paul Raymond Cook (@Cooksphere) July 31, 2016@realDonaldTrumpThe correct response is: There is no greater sacrifice than to give of your life. They are welcome to their opinion.  Todd (@toddlemieux) July 31, 2016 @EnemyWithinn @realDonaldTrump slamming a veteran is disgusting. Enough said.  DrewInDetroit (@bridgespeaks) July 31, 2016@realDonaldTrump Allowed to? Sure. Should you? No. Knowing when not to speak is an important skill for a president. pic.twitter.com/o3ngWy7EgN  Terrence O Brien (@TerrenceOBrien) July 31, 2016 @realDonaldTrump if you think being asked if you ve read the constitution (you know the  Article XII  thing) is viciously attacked, drop out  Emanuel Z. (@therealezway) July 31, 2016@realDonaldTrump He  asked  if you had ever read the constitution. Couldn t you have just said  yes  or  no ? Thin-skinned describes you.  Quirkydude (@Quirkydude) July 31, 2016Again, Donald Trump lacks the temperament required to be president. No other candidate in the history of this country has whined this much. And the fact that Trump is incapable of letting things go and just moving on proves that the Republican Party made a grave mistake picking him as their nominee and the American people should make them pay the consequences by rejecting Trump by a landslide in November.Featured Image: Isaac Brekken/Getty Images",0
5250, Fox News Correspondent Arrested For Rape And Forcible Sodomy (VIDEO),"Since sexual harassment is almost a sport at Fox News, it is unsurprising that a man who worked as a Miami correspondent for the network until fairly recently was just arrested for raping someone.Orlando Salinas, who worked for the network from 2000-2012 until he was hired by a CBS affiliate in Roanoke, Virginia, was arrested Tuesday and charged with forcible sodomy and rape. Due to the horrific nature of the allegations, the victim s identity is being shielded but reports specify that the accuser is not his wife or a relative.Salinas, whose prior criminal record includes contributing and three counts of larceny, faces five years to life for each of his felony charges.Salinas was an employee of WDBJ7 from 2012-2015, but was terminated last April for  insubordination.  Since then, he has been working as a real estate agent in the New River Valley. In a  whatever happened to  article published by the Roanoke Times in December, Salinas  current employer called him a  wonderful person  and said that  people who know who he is really trust him.  The judge, however, apparently doesn t really know him because he is being held without bail for the horrific crimes.Salinas told the Times that his firing was the result of a refusal to  tone down  his aggressive interview style, an idea with which he disagreed because he seeks  truth like a missile.  But, hey, he says  some of the most annoying people make the best reporters.  Seems like they make pretty accomplished rapists, too.Watch a report on the Fox contributor s arrest below:Featured image via screengrab",0
5251," Billionaire Mark Cuban Endorses Hillary, Burns Trump: He’s Gone ‘Batsh*t Crazy’ (VIDEO)","Mark Cuban is much richer than Donald Trump. He is also sane enough to see that Donald Trump is a lunatic who would destroy the country. That is why Cuban has endorsed Hillary Clinton. He also devoted his Saturday afternoon campaigning for her in his hometown of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.While taking the stage in front of more than 5,000 people, Cuban immediately lit into Trump, even going so far as to call the real estate tycoon turned wannabe politician a  jagoff,  which is apparently a local term to describe an incompetent jackass like Trump. Cuban said: You know what we call a person like that, you know, the screamers, the yellers, the people who try to intimidate you? You know what we call a person like that in Pittsburgh? A jag-off. Is there any bigger jag-off in the world than Donald Trump? This, of course was greeted with cheers from Cuban s hometown crowd. In an interview with CNN, Cuban said that he was doing all he can to get Clinton elected because he is afraid of Donald Trump. Cuban said: Initially, I really hoped he would be something different, that as a businessperson, I thought there was an opportunity there. But then he went off the reservation and went bats  crazy. Cuban isn t the only prominent American who thinks Trump is nuts. The Democratic National Convention stage was littered with Republicans and Independents who want Hillary elected in order to save the world from Trump. This list includes former New York City mayor and billionaire Michael Bloomberg, and former Reagan White House Official Doug Elmets.Other Republicans really need to listen to Cuban, Bloomberg, Elmets, and other people who are trying to save this great nation from this dangerously unqualified demagogue. Swallow your pride, forget about politics, and think of the bigger picture, folks. The future of the country and the world depend on electing Hillary Clinton and defeating Donald Trump.Watch the video of Cuban s stump speech below:Featured image via video screen capture ",0
5252, The NFL Puts Trump In A VERY Awkward Position Over His Whining About The Debate Schedule,"The presidential debate schedule is already out, and, true to form, Donald Trump is already throwing a livid fit about it. He doesn t like the fact that two of the debates are scheduled on the same nights as NFL games, which would be understandable if he wasn t busy saying Hillary Clinton is responsible for that. However, he crossed a major line in his accusations, and it has already come back to bite him hard.In an interview with ABC News, he made the following ridiculous claim: Well, I ll tell you what I don t like. It s against two NFL games. I got a letter from the NFL saying,  This is ridiculous. Why are the debates against   cause the NFL doesn t wanna go against the debates.  Cause the debates are gonna be pretty massive, from what I understand, OK? And I don t think we should be against the NFL. Now, aside from the obvious questions of why the NFL would be sending Trump a letter about this, rather than the Commission on Presidential Debates, it appears that this is one of Trump s most blatant lies yet. CNN s Brian Stetler says the NFL responded by disavowing any contact with Trump at all: While we d obviously wish the debate commission could find another night, we did not send a letter to Trump. And there it is. Most politicians who are given to lies will at least attempt to lie in such a way that it s hard to prove, even with a statement from whomever or whatever they re lying about. Not Trump! No he s so important that it doesn t matter that the debate schedule has been in place for a year already. Agencies like the NFL will communicate to him first, because he s just that crucial to the whole process.Why is this significant? Because it s not a gaffe. A gaffe is when a politician, pundit, or someone else heavily involved in politics accidentally lets loose what s really on their minds. Romney s 47 percent comment four years ago is a gaffe. Trump, however, commits gaffes and also tells outright lies. And because of that, it s virtually pointless to fact-check him, because even with a statement from whoever he s lied about, he ll double down on it.If nothing else, this lie, while seemingly stupid, provides a deep look into the psyche of the man who is Donald Trump. He ll say whatever he wants   he doesn t care. And if the NFL wants to take him down a notch or twelve by denying they even communicated with him, then he ll make sure they re sorry for making him look like the fool that he is. Or he ll ignore them altogether.His fa ade is coming down, and only the truly brainwashed voters, along with the white supremacist masses he s attracted, remain willfully blind to his lack of honesty. The NFL is a major organization. They just made Trump look very bad indeed.Featured image by Regine Mahaux/Getty Images",0
5253," After Trump Attacks Family Of Fallen Soldier, His Mother Issues A Heartbreaking Response","The mother at the center of Donald Trump s attack on the family of a slain purple heart recipient responded to the Republican presidential candidate.In an interview with ABC News, Trump claimed that Ghazala Khan did not speak as her husband Khizr Khan spoke at the 2016 Democratic Convention because of their Islamic faith.Trump said,  If you look at his wife, she was standing there. She had nothing to say. She probably, maybe she wasn t allowed to have anything to say. You tell me. In his appearance, Mr. Khan discussed that his family emigrated to the United States and spoke about how his son served with distinction in the military, losing his life in Iraq. Khan pointed out that if Trump s proposed ban on Muslims were in place, his son would have not been able to serve.ABC reporter Mary Bruce spoke to Ghazala Khan, and she responded to Trump s smear. She said,  Running for President is not an entitlement to disrespect Gold Star families and [a] Gold Star mother. Khan also explained that she did not speak at the convention because  I was in pain. Khan responds to Trump, telling ABC:  running for President is not an entitlement to disrespect Gold Star families and [a] Gold Star mother  Mary Bruce (@marykbruce) July 30, 2016Mrs. Khan tells ABC she was too overcome by grief to speak at the DNC, ""I was in pain""  Mary Bruce (@marykbruce) July 30, 2016In interviews Mrs. Khan has said she still is filled with grief over the loss of her son, and 12 years later still has trouble entering rooms in their home with his picture. She discussed this in an interview with MSNBC s Lawrence O Donnell the night after the couple appeared at the convention.Hillary Clinton released a statement after Trump decided to attack the Khan family on Saturday: I was very moved to see Ghazala Khan stand bravely and with dignity in support of her son on Thursday night. And I was very moved to hear her speak last night, bravely and with dignity, about her son s life and the ultimate sacrifice he made for his country. That, Donald Trump is leadership. Once again, you show you are completely unfit for the office you seek.Featured image via screen capture",0
5254, #TrumpSacrifices: Twitter DESTROYS Trump For Cowardly Attack On Military Family (TWEETS),"Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump decided to attack the family of a U.S. soldier who died in combat in Iraq. Responding to Khizr Khan s statement at the Democratic convention that Trump had  sacrificed nothing  for his country while pushing for bans on Muslims, Trump told ABC,  I think I ve made a lot of sacrifices. I work very, very hard. U.S. Army Capt. Humayun Khan was a Muslim immigrant who died serving in Iraq in 2004.On Twitter, the dismissive, callous, and insensitive remarks from the former reality TV star and self-described billionaire (an assertion that has not been independently verified) were quickly attacked.The hashtag #TrumpSacrifices became the top trending hashtag in the world and thousands of posts mocking Trump followed.Many of the posts associated with the tag pointed out Trump s well documented luxury life that has been the selling point of his presidential run.Once survived an entire weekend at Mar-a-Lago with just one can of hairspray. #TrumpSacrifices  Paul Begala (@PaulBegala) July 30, 2016Once flew coach class in college on a dare. #TrumpSacrifices  Sanho Tree (@SanhoTree) July 30, 2016Others noted his history of racially discriminatory policies and statements, most notably when the government had to force Trump to stop blocking blacks from renting in his buildings.#TrumpSacrifices the government forced him to rent apartments to black people. https://t.co/PAguRphnof pic.twitter.com/fBrBLIsOuS  sean. (@SeanMcElwee) July 30, 2016#TrumpSacrifices NBC wouldn't let him make a ""race war"" season of ""The Apprentice."" https://t.co/2TwEjg2PVp pic.twitter.com/IcZ9EUW1AW  sean. (@SeanMcElwee) July 30, 2016Some #TrumpSacrifices posts discussed the candidate s repeated business failures, which include multiple bankruptcies that completely destroy the mythology of him as a huge business success.#TrumpSacrifices Declaring Bankruptcy And Walking Away pic.twitter.com/v4B2I8AeXm  Laurel Davila, CPA (@laureldavilacpa) July 31, 2016The wages of every contractor he has ever employed. #TrumpSacrifices  Matthew Chapman (@fawfulfan) July 30, 2016#TrumpSacrifices Dishwashers, carpenters, electricians, painters  they do the work, then find out he won't pay. https://t.co/xsKfCASpas  The Daily Edge (@TheDailyEdge) July 30, 2016Many posts simply pointed out the immorality of Trump s comments, and how beyond the pale attacking the families of the fallen is.#trumpsacrifices Morals. Ethics. Self-respect. Decency. Civility. Intelligence. @realdonaldtrump  Jeff Jarvis (@jeffjarvis) July 30, 2016#TrumpSacrifices Dedicated himself no matter what it cost to making lots and lots of money.  Harold Itzkowitz (@HaroldItz) July 30, 2016List of #TrumpSacrifices: 1. Nothing 2. No one  Kaivan Shroff (@KaivanShroff) July 30, 2016This picture says it all about @realdonaldtrump @realDonaldTrump & the rest of them. Draft dodger #TrumpSacrifices pic.twitter.com/lTNGooahKC  Carolyn Gonzalez (@carogonza) July 31, 2016The hashtag also presented the opportunity to compare Trump s military service   or lack thereof   to Captain Humayun Khan. Trump received military deferments during Vietnam and has compared avoiding sexually transmitted diseases to serving in combat.Gave up his 5 spots in the military for another 5 men. That's generous! No one thanked him #TrumpSacrifices  Sarah (@redpainter1) July 30, 2016Despite the public outcry and condemnation of his comments, senior Republican officials like Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell failed to directly condemn the nominee s attack on a military family, and did not rescind their support for the candidate.Featured image via screen capture",0
5255, Trump’s RNC Gift Bags Included DISGUSTING Fetus Action Figures (IMAGES),"Yes. Seriously. Republican delegates all received a Trump-themed gift bag after they suffered through the train wreck that was the Republican National convention. The bags, which read  Make America Great Again  on the sides, contained all sorts of Trump-related goodness including glasses and Trump s political fiction novel, Crippled America. These lucky recipients also got themselves a  Make America Great Again  hat so their neighbors and friends know they have no problem wth racism and willful ignorance, Kleenex they can use when Hillary Clinton trounces Trump in November, and a fetus action figure. The fetus figure doesn t have kung-fu action grip, but it does come with a stupid little card that serves as a reminder that Republicans are entirely against women s rights. This card, which accompanies the disgusting fetus figures, is produced by the pro-life company, Heritage House:Bust reports that:The Heritage House site itself describes the models as  the most realistic fetal model ever developed. It s beautiful detail, softness and weight can really move hearts and change minds!  Well, I think if you re receiving one of these goodie bags as an RNC attendee, your mind is probably already made up.This is just another reminder that a Trump/Pence ticket is extremely dangerous. The Republican Party, at this point, has dedicated itself to radically dismantling Planned Parenthood, and they have worked hard to put as many roadblocks as possible between women and their legal right to choose to have an abortion (although, let s hope this soon changes due to a recent Supreme Court case).It may seem shocking that Trump would include this in a self-serving, self-promoting collection of products that celebrate himself, but let s remember that he thinks women should be  punished  for having an abortion. Pence has also signed a law that mandates funerals for aborted fetuses, so an item dedicated to making things harder on women during a time in which they are forced to make a difficult decision whether or not to terminate a pregnancy is absolutely something important enough to shove in a Trump gift bag.Watch Trump speak on the importance of punishing women for their health care choices below:Featured image via screengrab",0
5256, Trump Gives An Absolutely Jaw-Dropping Answer To The Threat Of Cyber-Attacks,"How do you stop cyber-attacks? Well, if you re Donald Trump, the solution is very, very simple. It s so simple it s amazing nobody else has thought of it. Trump must think he s the genius of the world for thinking of this. He believes that stopping cyber-attacks is as simple as no longer using computers, let alone the Internet.No, really, he pretty much said that at a rally in Colorado just yesterday. It s almost laughable if you can get through his word salad: I like the old days, especially for the military, on things like that. You wanna attack or you wanna do something? It s called courier. It s called, let s put it in a thing in an envelope and let s hand it to the general. Let s not send it over the wires where everybody s probably reading it, right? And no matter how good, no matter how good they say it is, it s not. I mean, people can hack it I guess. It s terrible. I know and if you talk about military and you talk about secrets, you talk about politics.  [emphasis mine]Because that s totally realistic in this day and age of information technology. Trump is remarkably regressive   he s also said he doesn t use email all that much because he s  just not a believer in it.  As for his nonstop Twitter use, the jury is out on whether he does that himself or not. He s told some outlets he does, and he s told others that he has staffers do it.So who knows what he really does with Twitter? His policy on cyber security, though, is absurd on its face. There is no getting rid of electronic communication; there is no getting rid of the Internet in the name of security. There is no going back to outmoded means of communication in the name of security. It is just not happening.But don t tell that to Trump, because he probably won t hear it. This is the man who asked Bill Gates to close up the parts of the Internet that the Islamic State uses, as if Bill Gates runs the whole entirety of the Web by himself. And, of course, Trump thinks the Internet is ours, so closing up parts of it to keep hostile powers from using it should be easy.The man is clueless. His lack of even the most rudimentary understanding of how the Internet works is astounding.Featured image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5257, Politico Drops The Mic On Trump’s Request For Magazine Covers Featuring His Face,"Earlier this week, Trump tried to stroke his vanity to maximum advantage by asking Politico for copies of their magazine that feature his face on the cover, because, you know, he s important and everyone must be reminded of that at all possible moments. Politico is one of many media outlets that Trump has banned from his events, though, and they are understandably unhappy about it. Nevertheless, they did as Trump bade, but with a stunning reply accompanying the magazines.National editor Kristin Roberts sent him a pointed note with the magazines, which do have an illustration of Trump on the front. She said: We are happy to provide Mr. Trump and his team with the POLITICO magazines that you requested.We hope Mr. Trump enjoys reading it in his spare time. In the spirit of open communication, perhaps this would be an appropriate time to ask when you will deliver to our reporters the credentials that we have requested for his many events. I know they would greatly appreciate it. Politico just dropped the mic here. It s almost a shame they couldn t do this onstage or on television, where they could literally drop the mic, because that s the only way this would be more perfect.It s not very clear why Trump banned Politico from his events, but some suspect it has something to do with unfavorable coverage of his former campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski. Trump and his campaign have actually banned several outlets from their events, and individual reporters from many more, because they aren t stroking his ego enough to make it grow.The Politico cover in question could be seen as portraying Trump in a poor light, or as flattering, depending on how one looks at it:A photo posted by Tracie Ching (@tracieching) on Jul 18, 2016 at 8:11am PDTNobody can accuse Politico of pandering to Trump, though, and a quick Google search,  Trump + Politico,  reveals all the horrible, evil, nasty things they ve said about him. Trump hasn t tweeted about this, and it doesn t seem he s made a statement about it either, so he can t be too upset yet.Or maybe he s just too busy calling Hillary  Crooked Hillary,  and accusing her of rigging the debates to care right now. Still, Politico got him good.Featured image by Gustavo Caballero/Getty Images",0
5258," Cops Dragged A Half-Naked Woman Into Her Courtroom, But What This Judge Did Is AWESOME (VIDEO)","A Louisville, Kentucky Metro Corrections judge was outraged when jail officials dragged a female, African-American inmate before her. The woman was not wearing a jail jumpsuit, and appeared to not be wearing any pants, period. Speaking of those, the inmate says she was denied feminine hygiene products, as well. What the hell is going on?  a clearly exasperated Judge Amber Wolf demanded upon seeing the woman, whose attorney explained that jailers   refused to give her pants and any kind of hygiene products that she needed    specifically feminine hygiene products. This is outrageous; is this for real?  the judge asked, wondering if she was in the  Twilight Zone. This can t wait,  Wolf said as she pulled out her phone and angrily made a phone call demanding that someone come explain to her why the woman was not given pants. What the hell is going on?  Wolf said into the phone.  I m holding her here until she is dressed appropriately to go back to jail. This is outrageous.  She then demanded that court staff find  anything, I don t care what it is  that the woman could use to cover herself.Jail officials say that the woman was wearing athletic shorts, the same ones she was wearing when she was arrested three days prior, when she made her court appearance. In other words, she was forced to wear dirty clothing for multiple days in a row. This was their defense. On top of that, jail spokesman Steve Durham says that it is standard practice to put inmates through this sort of dehumanizing treatment: This is pretty standard that when individuals are arrested, they remain in the clothing that they ve been arrested in, Especially for the first 72 hours. But Metro Corrections Deputy Director Dwayne Clark, who brought the defendant pants, says that this was completely improper.   Dressed like she was, she should have been changed into a jumpsuit,  he said.  I gotta look into why she wasn t. Wolf released the woman, who was put through all this for failing to complete a diversion program after a years-old shoplifting charge, on time served with a $100 fine, saying that the jail also dropped the ball by holding her for more than  a day. This is not normal. I ve never seen this happen,  Wolf told the woman, describing her treatment as  completely inhumane. I m sorry you had to go through this,  the judge said.Watch footage of this badass in a robe standing up for someone s basic human rights below:WDRB 41 Louisville NewsFeatured image via screengrab",0
5259, Trump Delivers Bizarre Theory About Fire Marshal Trying To Keep His Rally Safe (VIDEO),"During a campaign rally in Colorado Springs, Colorado on Friday, Donald Trump delivered a bizarre theory about the local fire marshal. Trump was very upset that the fire marshal prevented thousands of people who had come to see him speak from entering the venue, which would have created a huge fire hazard that would have put thousands of his supporters lives in danger.Trump told the audience that these are the types of regulations that are the reason  Our country doesn t work. So I have to tell you this. This is why our country doesn t work. We have plenty of space here. We have thousands of people outside trying to get in. And we have a fire marshal that said,  Oh we can t allow more people. Trump then went on to blast the fire marshal and the fire department claiming that they don t know how to do their jobs. The jobs that they are trained to do in order to keep people safe. As if that wasn t bad enough, Trump then offers the only reason his brain can come up with as to why the fire marshal might be enforcing regulations that were created probably long before his clown show rolled into town. The reason they won t let them in is because they don t know what the hell they re doing,  Trump said.  That s why, okay? Too bad. That s why our country has   hey, maybe they re a Hillary person. Could that be possible? Probably. I don t think there are too many of them. I don t think there are too many of them. This is the kind of thing we have in federal government also, by the way, folks. Then you wonder why we re going to hell,  Trump said, continuing his rant.  That s why we re going to hell. You know what it is? It s a thought process, right. You can watch the video below.Watch Donald Trump berate & demean a Fire Marshal for doing his job and keeping people safe at Trump's event. pic.twitter.com/JxEYxBIKpn  NYC EMS Website (@NYCEMSwebsite) July 30, 2016Featured image from video screenshot",0
5260, Trump Mocked Mercilessly After He Tries (And Fails) To Mock Clinton,"Donald Trump is not a detail person. Learning about issues is apparently below his pay grade, as is spelling, at least if you look at his latest attempt to attack Hillary Clinton.On Friday night, Trump tweeted this:Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement & insticts.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 30, 2016Do you notice it? Well, there are three, maybe four, things, actually. He misspelled  loose,   judgment  and  instincts.   In that  might be grammatically okay, but it s still awkward.The problem with a campaign that s being run almost entirely on Twitter, is that most people reading the tweets also have Twitter accounts and they are quick to jump on tweets like Trump. They didn t let us down. Here are just a few of the responses: .@realDonaldTrump you ll have to do some editing to get this under 140 again but the mistakes were too bad to ignore pic.twitter.com/c7CDhCVLD2  shrillary tintin (@theshrillest) July 30, 2016.@realDonaldTrumpQuick spelling lesson: Lose = opposite of  win  Loose = your mom  Matthew Inman (@Oatmeal) July 30, 2016 @SheilaInCT @realDonaldTrump nah, every time he speaks he embarrasses himself  What s a few more typos?  The Nostra Thomas (@TomTrudeau) July 30, 2016@realDonaldTrump How s the spelling going over there, big cheeto?  Andrew W Chamings (@AndrewChamings) July 30, 2016 @Norsemen83 @_NeverTrump Sorry, I honestly thought this tweet was a joke. Trump has the insight and intellect of a angry 11 year old boy  Andrew W Chamings (@AndrewChamings) July 30, 2016@realDenaldTrump @realDonaldTrump Dirty Don, you ve got the best words! Unfortunately you can t spell them. You ve become a national joke!  Scott Kuhn (@kuhn13) July 30, 2016 @realDonaldTrump dummy pic.twitter.com/PcrYwFfFrN  drew olanoff (@drew) July 30, 2016Even Hillary Clinton responded:@Norsemen83 @AndrewChamings @realDonaldTrump It might just be  Twitter  but he s running for president, he should know how to spell, maybe?  Hillary For America (@_NeverTrump) July 30, 2016This isn t the first time Trump has been ridiculed for gawdawful spelling in his tweets. Even the conservative Daily Caller mocked the Republican candidate for his spelling that would be bad if he were in middle school. And then, there was this back in February.If you think about it, proper spelling is probably low on the list of presidential qualifications, but this is a sign of something much more dangerous. This is a time when Trump should be putting his best, most professional face forward, and his sloppiness is an indication that he s really not ready to lead the country. He s impetuous and, in fact, he s the  lose  cannon. We need a president who thinks before speaking, and the fact that Trump can t even be bothered to run his tweets through a spell checker shows that he has no intention of taking professionalism with him to the White House.Featured image via Sara D. Davis at Getty Images.",0
5261, Trump Has Something To Say About Khizr Khan Dissing Him In Powerful DNC Speech (TWEET/VIDEO),"There were several powerful, captivating speeches that marked Hillary Clinton s Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia earlier this week, but the most memorable one came from the father of a Muslim soldier who sacrificed his own life to save his comrades.Khizr Khan, in a brilliant speech that he delivered without any notes, stood on the DNC stage with his wife Ghazala and ripped Republican nominee Donald Trump to shreds for his anti-Muslim rhetoric. Pulling out a copy of the United States Constitution that he carries with him everywhere, Khan challenged Trump, Have you even read the United States Constitution?! I will gladly lend you my copy!  It was an iconic moment that was by far the most powerful of the entire convention, and even conservatives could not deny that Khan had made them feel ashamed to be represented by Trump.Of course, many were waiting for Trump to react to this epic moment, because Trump never lets any criticism get past him without retaliating in one of his childish ways. Well, Trump has finally responded, days later after New York Times reporter Maureen Dowd asked Trump about it  and it s just as disappointing as you would expect.Dowd asked: On the poignant appearance of Muslim lawyer Khizr Khan and his wife, whose son, Humayun, an Army captain, posthumously received a Bronze Star and a Purple Heart and was buried at Arlington National Cemetery after he was killed by a suicide bomber in Iraq in 2004. As his wife, Ghazala, stood silently by his side, Khan held up a copy of the Constitution and asked Trump if he had ever read it and said,  You have sacrificed nothing. Trump had just one thing to say in response. One sentence. Eight words. It was this: I d like to hear his wife say something. Yes, Trump s reaction to the most powerful criticism he got at the DNC is to insult a gold star mother. What a moron.TwitterLast night, Ghazala Khan explained on MSNBC that she hadn t said anything at the DNC because speaking about her son Humayun causes her to be too overcome with emotion. You can watch Humayun s parents remember their son in the powerful interview below:Featured image via John Moore / Getty Images and screenshot",0
5262, ‘Family Values’ Republican Busted For Having A Sex Video Of Himself On Government Computer,"He s a Republican. He s anti-gay. He s all about  family values.  So of course he just got busted for having a sex video of himself on his work computer.Nebraska GOP state Senator Bill Kintner is being urged to resign by Republican Governor Pete Ricketts after the Nebraska State Patrol discovered a sexually explicit video of Kintner on the government computer he uses for work.According to the Lincoln Journal Star,A source familiar with the situation said Kintner told investigators about the video when he asked the Nebraska State Patrol for help with computer problems in July 2015.The patrol confirmed Friday that Kintner had sought help for  what he believed to be a potential internet scam that occurred while the senator was in Massachusetts using his state computer. Having such a video on his work computer is a violation of Nebraska law, but it appears that Governor Ricketts and Kintner both ignored the law and hid the investigation from the public since last November when the discovery of the video was made.Only on Friday did Ricketts actually publicly call for Kintner to resign. Due to the ongoing investigation of this issue, I have been unable to say anything publicly. If the allegations are true, Senator Kintner needs to resign. The violation and the cover-up has Democrats calling for more than just Kintner s resignation. It is not enough for Sen. Kintner to resign in shame. Anyone that knew this information and continued to let him sit in office must also resign,  Nebraska Democratic Party chair Jane Kleeb said in a statement.  Did Gov. Ricketts or his staff look the other way so they had (Kintner s) vote in the Unicameral? This is so serious, in fact, that the State Patrol has turned out their findings to the Accountability and Disclosure Commission and and ethics investigation is underway.This is also incredibly hypocritical considering Kintner constantly brags about being a conservative  Christian  who has urged Christian-owned businesses to provide gay customers bad service on purpose and once told the Journal Star that his parents  taught me the moral absolutes of Christianity, and I just applied those to everything. Except himself, apparently.Featured Image: YouTube",0
5263, Heroic Mom Battling Cancer Caught On Camera Rescuing Four Boys From A Cliff (IMAGES),"Cancer can take a lot out of a person, especially once treatments begin. Lelania Chapman was hiking through the woods after seven months of cancer treatments when she stumbled upon four teenage boys who were stranded on a cliff. I ve never been in a situation like that before and you never know what you are going to be like,  Chapman, who had stayed home during the bulk of her treatments, told TODAY.  No matter what, you are a lot stronger than you think you are. For the bulk of her treatments, this amazing woman stayed home, only leaving to go to the doctor. But after her final treatment, she took her 9-year-old son and three neighborhood children on a waterfall hike near her home outside of Vancouver, Canada   despite receiving bad news from doctors that more tumors had appeared and her cancer had spread. Instead of focusing on the negatives she not only was able to show her son and the other children a good time, but she became an unlikely hero when an 11-year-old girl in her group thought she heard someone shouting. Chapman didn t hear it at first, but after investigating they found the teens trapped on a rock by the falls, their lips purple from the cold.Chapman tried to call for help, but there was no cellular service. She started to walk back to her truck to attempt to get service but she heard one of the boys cry  I just want my mom.  Deciding that she couldn t leave them there and despite being weakened from months of cancer treatments, Chapman leaped into action. Some people say it s a mother s instinct,  she told TODAY. Chapman grabbed a rope from her backpack and climbed down the ravine to get closer to the boys. They then tossed her a length of their own rope, which she tied to the biggest tree she could find, wrapped it around her waist, and tossed it back to the boys. The biggest of the teens, who stands about 6 feet tall and weighs about 160 pounds climbed up first to help rescue the others. Despite her smaller frame due to losing weight from the cancer treatments, Chapman (who had difficulty lifting a watermelon at this point) managed to pull him up. I don t know how I picked him up by myself,  she said.  I don t really know to this day.  Chapman bashed her knee and some of the radiation burns and scars from her treatment tore open from the strain, but the heroic mom gave into her  mama bear  instincts and pulled the boys up one by one. When only the smallest of the boys was left, she feared her rope might break. But Chapman didn t give up. She laid on her belly and talked to the final teen, who told her he was just going to jump. I told him it wasn t a good idea and if he jumped, I would have to jump, and he just really needed to trust me,  she said. Ultimately, the team was able to pull him up. She walked with the teens to the parking lot, where she called their mothers.As Chapman made dinner later, a 7-year-old girl from her group said something incredibly inspirational: Yep, that s just what we do. We fight cancer and save boys. This experience has greatly impacted her son, Gwindin. Though Chapman has a long battle ahead of her, Gwindin is no longer scared: He said  You know what, mom? You are going to [beat] cancer because you are the strongest mom around,'  she said.  That is probably one of the most important lessons that I learned that day. I do have the strength. Here are some photos of Chapman proving that a mother s ability to transform into an almost superhuman protector is not at all a myth:  A GoFundMe page set up to help pay for expenses related to Chapman s future cancer treatments has raised half of its $15,000 goal. If you have some spare loot, help her out!Featured image via TODAY",0
5264, WATCH: Expert Says Republicans Blocked NC Black Voters With ‘Surgical Precision’ (VIDEO),"Voting rights expert, Ari Berman, sat down with Joy Reid during Saturday s broadcast of The Reid Report where he and Reid discussed a court ruling that found that the GOP worked to prevent black voters from voting in North Carolina.The segment begins with a reading of part of the Fourth Circuit Court s decision, which reads: The only clear factor linking these various  reforms  is their impact on African American voters. The record thus makes obvious that the  problem  the majority in the general assembly sought to remedy was emerging support for the minority party. This decision in North Carolina was the biggest victory for voting rights since the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act because the fourth circuit court was so clear about what happened. North Carolina, as you mentioned, passed the country s strongest and most sweeping voting restrictions,  Berman assesses. They did so just a month after the Supreme Court gutting the Voting Rights Act, Berman continued. John Roberts said it was a thing of the past. What the Fourth Circuit said all of these things they did were meant to target black voters, with  almost surgical precision. The Republican Party have tried to position themselves as the champions of free and fair elections since the Voting Rights Act was struck down. In reality, the reforms that they have put in place have been nothing except an attempt to disenfranchise minority voters.The left has fought against these reforms since they began cropping up. Now, with this landmark decision, the left has much more more legislative muscle to fight back against these racist laws.You can watch the segment below, in full.Featured image from video screenshot",0
5265," John McCain’s Granddaughter SHREDS Donald Trump, Declares Support For Hillary","In one of the best takedowns of Donald Trump yet, John McCain s granddaughter did NOT hold back as she explained why she is voting for Hillary Clinton in November.Caroline McCain has been against Donald Trump since last July when he mocked her grandfather for getting captured by the enemy during the Vietnam War.  I like people who weren t captured,  Trump said about John McCain, who was tortured to the point where he is incapable of lifting his arms above his shoulders.John McCain is a war hero and Donald Trump insulted him and every other American veteran who has ever been a POW.Fast-forward a year later and Trump is now the Republican nominee, and Caroline McCain has made her decision to go from being #NeverTrump to declaring her support for Hillary Clinton.In an amazing post on Medium, Caroline McCain took Donald Trump to the woodshed.Following a line of other right-wing wacko birds, Trump insulted a man I esteem and love, a man who has risked his life in service of his country. He insulted my grandfather and attacked the very qualities loyalty, bravery and selflessness that he and countless other POWs embody. He mocked the sacrifice many have given and the anguish families have endured when their heroes have suffered alone miles away.My grandfather responded with grace and forgiveness as only a man who was held in captivity for years can. But I ve been nursing a grudge ever since. Trump s statement, in my view, is unforgivable, and speaks to the kind of man he is: a coward who has never faced danger in his life, an insecure brat who shirked duty for comfort, and a man who is wholly unfit to serve as commander-in-chief.Indeed, while John McCain was suffering in Vietnam for his country, Donald Trump dodged the draft and never saw a day of military service in his entire life.And Caroline McCain wasn t done ripping him a new one.He lacks the temperament and the wisdom to navigate our ever-increasingly dangerous world. Policy decisions aside, being President of the United States requires a steady hand and never more so than now. A competent commander-in-chief must respond to threats to the Republic, but Trump only responds to threats to his ego.She goes on to trace her journey to becoming a Hillary supporter, and one of the moments that helped her make her decision was when President Obama spoke at the DNC Convention earlier this week.He could have pointed blame at the GOP for enabling Trump s rise. He could have taken party leadership to task for falling in line behind Trump. But he didn t. He instead presented the election as a choice between democracy and demagogue. He gave Republicans the option to abandon Trump rather than blaming them for his rise.There are so many things I disagree with President Obama on, but this is a moment I will always respect him for. And maybe this was the moment I needed to fully own the choice I would have to make in November.McCain then ripped the Republican Party for betraying her and others by supporting a racist homophobic misogynist who only cares about himself.The party chose for its king a demagogue who wears a wig instead of a crown, and a celebrity in pursuit of fame and fortune rather than service and sacrifice Loyalty to party can never trump loyalty to country. And loyalty to party means nothing when the party has been poisoned.And because the Republican Party is poisoned, Caroline McCain wants Trump to lose by a landslide in November to force the GOP to change, which is why she is voting for Hillary.I wanted a different candidate. I wanted a New American Century. I wanted an election with good ideas and good discourse. I wanted to win. But now I want my party to change. I want fresh leaders, of good character, in both parties. And I want Donald Trump to be humiliated in November and driven far from the political arena for the rest of his life.So I m not a Democrat at least not yet. But this year, I m With Her.The Republican Party should be very afraid right now. Because if John McCain s own conservative granddaughter is willing to vote for Hillary to defeat Trump, surely there are many other Republicans out there who are willing to do the same.Featured image via screenshot",0
5266, Bill Maher: It’s Time Hillary Clinton Becomes The Super VIllian The GOP Created (VIDEO),"During a segment on Real Time on Friday night, host Bill Maher pleaded his case that Hillary Clinton should embrace the caricature of her that exists in the GOP s mind and become a super villain. The move would help to appease progressives and also scare Republicans.Maher began the segment by listing off a number of non-substantive claims made by the Republicans over the past near quarter of a century. He then urged Clinton to adopt the image that the GOP have created for her, that of a hardcore  super villain  progressive. Maher says that the people are angry and carrying pitchforks right now and that Clinton needs to appeal to that crowd.Maher said that the people  don t want America s nicest grandma. They want the wolf that puts a grandma in its teeth. They want a ruthless Mafia boss who will protect their frightened souls, which is why Hillary has to own all the nasty things the haters say and run as the Notorious H.R.C. Maher then went on to say that Trump brags about his sleazy business dealings and it is actually appealing to his supporters. Maher offered a suggestion that Clinton does something similar and that  the next time they call her crooked Hillary, she should say,  Damn right I am. Crooked for America. Concluding the segment, Maher suggested that Clinton finishes her presidential campaign advertisements by saying  I approve this message and I will cut a bitch. You can watch the clip in full, below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JyMqu-3u34AFeatured image via video screen capture",0
5267, Senior Intelligence Official Slams Trump To The Ground On Intelligence Briefings,"America s intelligence community doesn t trust Donald Trump. At all. Period. While both Hillary and Trump are slated to start getting intelligence briefings now that they ve formally accepted their parties  nominations, many intelligence officials are very wary of briefing Trump. In fact, one senior official had nothing good to say about Trump when it comes to giving him those briefings.The official spoke to the Washington Post on the condition of anonymity, but didn t mince words at all: I would refuse. He s been so uninterested in the truth and so reckless with it when he sees it. Boom! That s an indictment of Trump s trustworthiness if there ever was one.The official is understandably concerned with Trump s comments about Vladimir Putin, but in addition to that, he s noticed that Trump doesn t want to actually learn anything about, well, anything. He s absurdly stuck on what he thinks are his own merits, and nobody s going to dissuade him from his preconceived notions.Not even intelligence officials.The issue is so volatile and so controversial that the reason these officials talked to the Post on the condition of anonymity was just so they could comment on this. They re that upset with his plea to Russia to hack Hillary s emails, which Trump and his campaign later dismissed as sarcasm and as a call to Russia to turn over any emails they already had. It s clear the intelligence community isn t buying either of those sorry excuses.Some in the intelligence community are also a little wary of Hillary, but Trump is the one who is the loose cannon he claims Hillary is. At least Hillary has extensive experience with intelligence briefings that are far more specific than she ll get as a presidential candidate. Trump has none, and there s absolutely no way, whatsoever, to know how he d handle such information. It s particularly frightening if he thinks that information is juicy; he d probably put it on Twitter for all to see.The official that won t brief Trump said that it s entirely possible Trump will refuse those briefings, because he  already knows all that.  Given that Trump s ego is the size of Russia and growing big enough to make his tiny hands microscopic by comparison, it s not likely he ll refuse them because those briefings will make him feel important.And nothing is more important to Trump than feeling important.Members of the intelligence community aren t the only people worried about Trump getting intelligence briefings. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid flat-out said he hopes that they ll give Trump fake briefings because he s so untrustworthy. Rep. David Cicilline (D-RI) called on President Obama to deny those briefings to Trump altogether.Considering those briefings happen at the discretion of the sitting president, Obama could very well do it. Trump is a national security disaster waiting to happen. It s really no wonder that officials are nervous about giving him even the broadest of briefings.Featured image by Joshua Lott/Getty Images",0
5268, Trump Sends Hillary A PATHETIC Threat Just One Day After DNC (VIDEO),"By now, all of us know that Trump is a complete a**hole. Even his brainless, delusional supporters are aware of this, and it s one of the things they love most about him. Perhaps this is the only thing we ll ever agree on when it comes to Trump   that the guy is just a total douchebag. But according to some recent comments, there s actually one person who thinks Trump has been pleasant and nice so far in this campaign   Donald Trump himself.Just a day after Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton wrapped up her wildly successful and historical Democratic National Convention, Trump channeled his jealousy and rage into a ridiculous speech while at a rally in Colorado. Implying that Trump felt he s been nothing but cordial this far, the brash business mogul said: I m taking the gloves off. Take the gloves off. Right? Taking the gloves off! Just remember this: Trump is gonna be no more Mr. Nice Guy. This of course, follows the epic temper tantrum Trump threw on Twitter. Trump got himself all riled up as his rant continued, begging his followers to  Tell Hillary I m not gonna be nice anymore    as if Clinton has somehow mistaken Trump for a genuine, honest and friendly human being. He spewed: I ve been very nice to her. So you ready? Actually, some of the folks I defeated they probably would say,  Boy, he was not very nice. They keep screaming. And you know what I do? I ve been nice. But after watching that performance last night   such lies   I don t have to be so nice anymore. Obviously threatened by how much Clinton is being praised not only by Democrats but by Republicans as well, Trump used one of the only things he could against her by bringing up her email scandal, which has already been cleared by the FBI several times. Trump said: I ve been saying let s just beat her on Nov. 8, but you know what? You know what? I m starting to agree with you, I ll tell you. Sorry to say. You can watch Trump s speech below:It s hard to imagine how Trump is going to manage being more offensive and awful, but he has always managed to up the ante in the past, so it looks like we re going to find out. Either way, after the power and confidence we saw in Clinton last night at the DNC, there s no one better to take on Trump.Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
5269, Trump SHREDS All Remaining Ideas That He’s Not An Egotistical Bastard In Latest Hillary Rant,"Nobody can accuse King Cheeto, a.k.a. Donald Trump, of being classy, even as he expects a classiness from his rivals that he ll never possess. At a rally in Colorado Springs, he bitched and moaned about Hillary s speech, especially how she didn t congratulate him, her worthy opponent, for being so amazingly worthy.Seriously. We wish we were making this up. Unfortunately, with Trump, stories that sound like they should be from The Onion are actually true: I was curious to see whether she would do a class act and not mention my name or mention it with respect.I would like to congratulate my Republican opponent for having something that nobody has ever done in the history of politics in this nation. And I would like to congratulate my opponent for having gotten more votes than anybody in the history of the Republican Party in the primary season. Really? Did he congratulate her for making history as well, as the first woman to secure the nomination of a major political party? No, at least, not anywhere we can find it. He went on a Twitter rant against her instead, accusing her of having terrible judgment, creating ISIS, and continuing to call her  Crooked Hillary. And he expects her to congratulate him? Please.Hillary instead told the world that  A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons,  and gave us this warning:  Don t believe anyone who says  I alone can fix it.'  She also said other things about Trump that he no doubt thinks are completely inappropriate. As if to emphasize his bruised little feelings on her lack of accolades blown in his direction, he also said: I thought she might do something like that. I thought she d give me a big, fat, beautiful congratulations. If she did that, wouldn t that be cool? Wouldn t that be great? She s a woman and she owes him at least that much, apparently. It s more than he d ever give her. But then again, he s the king of the planet. Or his planet, anyway. We must all pay homage to him. And someday, we ll all be able to fly all the way to Mars by flapping our arms, too. Featured image by Joshua Lott/Getty Images",0
5270," Irony: Mike Pence Shames Pres. Obama For Name Calling – No, Really","Mike Pence, the right-wing nut who is running alongside Donald Trump for the vice presidential position, had a few words for President Obama after his speech at the Democratic National Convention when he called Trump a  homegrown demogauge  among other things: I don t think name calling has any place in public life, and I thought that was unfortunate that the president of the United States would use a term like that, let alone laced into a sentence like that. You read that right. Mike Pence, who s running alongside Donald Trump, is offended that President Obama would resort to  name calling  in public.The irony is just too rich with this one. Coupled with Trump having his feelings hurt by speakers at the DNC, the hypocrisy from the Trump camp could not be more rank.Thanks to the New York Times, we know that Donald Trump has insulted, personally, over 250 people, places and things   just on Twitter alone.While Pence is offended by the  homegrown demogauge  line, he seems perfectly fine with words and lines like: corrupt; crooked; dopey clown; goofy; Pocahontas; perv; sleazebag; disgrace; dummy; irrelevant clown; moron; loser; wacko; crazy; waste of time and energy; low-life; phony; hokey garbage; sloppy; grubby; buffoon; bimbo; dog; bitch; truly weird.The list, as documented by the NYT, goes on and on.So, to Mike Pence, please do us all a favor and shut up. If you really don t want name calling in politics, maybe you should talk to your running mate first, considering that right after Bloomberg s speech, Trump revived his  little  insult once given to Marco Rubio.Trump and Pence are buckling under the pressure of public opinion, and their inability to see past their own hypocrisy is turning Republicans against them (as well as Independents).Featured image via Sarah D. Davis/Getty Images",0
5271," Two Days Ago, Trump Asked Russia To Hack Clinton And Today They Did Just That","It s time the American people wake up to the dangers and the treasonous nature that is Donald J. Trump. Two days ago, at a press conference that made national news for being absolutely ridiculous, Trump had asked the Russians (either government or non government) to hack into the United States cyberspace to gather Clinton emails. The reason? He wants WikiLeaks, at the behest of Russia, to undermine Clinton and help him get elected.Well today, it s been confirmed that the Clinton campaign s computer system have been hacked   and the Russians were probably the ones who did it.U.S. intelligence officials have found evidence clearly linking state-sponsored Russian hackers to breaches in multiple Democratic affiliated organizations, including the fundraising Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, and the Democratic National Committee. The Clinton campaign has now been added to the triangle of breaches.Reuters broke the story Friday afternoon, receiving no comment from the Department of Justice nor any Russian officials. When reaching out for comment, Reuters wrote:The Clinton campaign, based in Brooklyn, had no immediate comment and referred Reuters to a comment from earlier this week by campaign senior policy adviser Jake Sullivan criticizing Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and calling the hacking  a national security issue. Reuters has also no knowledge of what specifically had been breached in the Clinton computer system.Maybe it s the emails Trump and his buddies at the Kremlin have been hoping for. Given Trump s public ignorance of knowing Putin   even though he has acknowledged in the past he does in fact know him very well   it seems the timing of this new hack against Clinton is very coincidental.Also given Trump s strange admiration for Putin and apparently for individuals that hack, a lopsided influence in the United States Presidential election in favor of him also seems very coincidental given the circumstances just now coming to light.By saying he hoped Russians hacked Hillary Clinton   which he tweeted and said on camera so it really isn t a  joke  to him   Trump has made clear that he is perfectly A-OK with victory based on cheating an treasonous associations.It s one thing to joke   it s another to have your Motherland thugs (who clearly support you) spring into action on your behalf.Whether or not Trump and his campaign clowns are involved (directly) in this remains to be seen. Whether or not Trump and his campaign clowns are involved indirectly remains to be seen. But thing is for certain: state sponsored Russian hackers are unfairly influencing this election, and like the KKK and David Duke, Trump and his campaign (save Mike Pence) have disavowed.That should scare everybody.Featured image via Joshua Lott/Getty Images",0
5272, Sexists Came Out IN DROVES As Hillary Clinton Accepted Historic Nomination (TWEETS/VIDEO),"Last night, Hillary Clinton accepted the Democratic presidential nomination in Philadelphia and gave a powerful speech that was the perfect celebratory end to the Democratic National Convention. Her speech portrayed her accurately as a candidate far more qualified to lead America than Donald Trump, and broke down the barriers with not only Bernie Sanders supporters, but Republican voters as well.Clinton s acceptance speech was a massive success for those reasons alone, but something even more surreal was taking place  we all witnessed an historic moment as Clinton had shattered America s highest glass ceiling by becoming the first woman to be nominated by a major party. And the sad thing was, that while Clinton set new ground for women in America, all conservatives could do was complain about her voice and appearance.Apparently, nothing brings out blatant GOP sexism like a strong, intelligent, accomplished woman achieving something monumental. Instead of recognizing that history was literally being made before our very eyes, conservatives made sure to take Clinton down a notch by insulting her on the most minor things. One of the first sexism offenses came from Brit Hume on Fox News, who reduced Clinton to her voice and mouth when he said: She has a habit, when speaking, of breaking into a kind of a sharp, lecturing tone, makes you feel like. She has a great asset, as a public person, which is a radiant smile, but she has a not so attractive voice. You can watch Hume reveal his sexism below:Unfortunately, he was far from the only one:TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTrump, who is probably one of the most sexist people in the country, also joined in:TwitterThese were things that have never and would never happen to a male presidential candidate:TwitterAnd no sexist attack is ever complete without demanding that women smile and look happy all the time just to make men feel comfortable:TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterMeanwhile, no one is complaining about Trump s combative tone, his nonstop yelling or telling him he needs to smile more.TwitterAmerica still has a long way to go to end sexism, but Clinton has definitely moved us one massive step closer toward gender equality.Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
5273, Conservative Questions Loyalty Of Muslim Father AND His Slain American Soldier Son (AUDIO),"This is outrageous and someone needs to put this right-wing nut job in her place.Rather than applaud Khizr Khan for standing up to hate and bigotry as he celebrated the Constitution and America, right-wing radio host Sandy Rios did something even worse than Ann Coulter in response. You know what this convention really needed? An angry Muslim with a thick accent like Fareed Zacaria,  Coulter wrote on Twitter. Of course, even conservatives slammed Coulter for her shameful words.But Rios, who works for the American Family Association hate organization, went further than Coulter by questioning Khan s loyalty to America and even had the gall to question the loyalty of his son, who died for this country to save the American soldiers under his command in Iraq. If you are so concerned, Mr. Khan, if you re an American first, then distinguish yourself and condemn Islamists, condemn the Muslim Brotherhood, then we will listen to you, and stop waving the Constitution,  Rios said before claiming that Muslims cannot truly practice Islam and live under the Constitution and accusing Khan of lying. As far as I can tell, Islam, truly, supporters of Islam and the Quran, cannot embrace the Constitution. Now, if you have a different view, then explain that to us and then maybe we can be persuaded, but don t shame America for having genuine and rightful concerns about Muslims in our midst when we have no idea who they are or what they really believe, and we re not even sure about you, sir, because we know about taqiyya, which is the practice of lying to the infidel in order to advance the Muslim cause. First of all, this man lost his son in Iraq so it s safe to say he condemns terrorists. What Rios is employing is the Trump and Republican claim that simply saying the words  radical Islam  will magically make ISIS disappear and they are claiming that anyone who doesn t say it isn t a real patriot.Donald Trump made that same claim when he questioned President Obama s loyalty to America back in June in the wake of the Orlando mass shooting. Look, we re led by a man that either is not tough, not smart, or he s got something else in mind,  Trump told Fox News.  There s something going on. It s inconceivable. There s something going on. He doesn t get it or he gets it better than anybody understands   it s one or the other and either one is unacceptable. But Rios didn t stop there. She also questioned the loyalty of Khan s son Humayun, who proudly wore the uniform and flag of this country and posthumously received the Purple Heart and Bronze Star for his heroic actions on the day he was killed. So I m sorry, we ll not be shamed. I m sorry for the loss of their son and I hope he is a loyal American. But I think a loyal American Muslim would be more like Zuhdi Jasser, who is very clear about where he stands, who was very patriotic and loyal and totally distances himself from Islamism, so if that s the case for this gentleman, then he should ve said that on the platform rather than shaming us for having concerns about Muslim immigration. Here s the audio via Right Wing Watch.I would say that this is a new low for conservatives but they have already hit rock bottom. The fact is that members of ISIS WANT us to refer to them as followers of Islam because they want legitimacy. But they are not real followers of Islam. They have simply co-opted the religion in an effort to justify their violent cause and they do not represent the over one billion peaceful Muslims in the world. Basically, Rios expects every Muslim to take a loyalty oath, which is exactly what Donald Trump wants to do to any Muslim seeking refuge within our shores.This is pure hate and bigotry and it has no place in our society. If anyone is violating the Constitution it is the likes of Rios and Trump who think that only Christianity is protected by it. But the Constitution protects freedom of religion. That means all religions, even Islam.And Rios should be removed from the airwaves for even suggesting that Khan and his son are not loyal to this country. He and his son have sacrificed more for this country than she ever has or ever will.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5274, North Carolina Republicans Lose As Federal Appeals Court Strikes Down Voter Suppression Law,"Republican racists in North Carolina just got their asses handed to them by the United States 4th Circuit Court of Appeals.In 2013, Republicans abused their power in North Carolina by passing a law designed to keep them in power by suppressing the votes of minorities and young people by requiring they bring voter identification. The law also cut early voting, ended same day registration, and heavily restricted pre-registration of young voters. It has been the most draconian anti-voting law in the country, and has drawn massive protests ever since.Critics of the law challenged it s constitutionality in court, only to see the district court rule against them. But now a federal appeals court has not only reversed the lower court s decision, it slammed them. In holding that the legislature did not enact the challenged provisions with discriminatory intent, the court seems to have missed the forest in carefully surveying the many trees,  Judge Diana Motz wrote in the decision.  This failure of perspective led the court to ignore critical facts bearing on legislative intent, including the inextricable link between race and politics in North Carolina. And then Motz roundly condemned the Republican-dominated state legislature of North Carolina. The General Assembly enacted legislation that restricted voting and registration in five different ways, all of which disproportionately affected African Americans,  she wrote, stressing that the court did their homework which led to their ruling.In response to claims that intentional racial discrimination animated its action, the State offered only meager justifications. Although the new provisions target African Americans with almost surgical precision, they constitute inapt remedies for the problems assertedly justifying them and, in fact, impose cures for problems that did not exist. Thus the asserted justifications cannot and do not conceal the State s true motivation.Faced with this record, we can only conclude that the North Carolina General Assembly enacted the challenged provisions of the law with discriminatory intent. Accordingly, we reverse the judgment of the district court to the contrary and remand with instructions to enjoin the challenged provisions of the law. We recognize that elections have consequences, but winning an election does not empower anyone in any party to engage in purposeful racial discrimination.  Motz concluded.Here s the full decision via Talking Points Memo:This is a major victory for voting rights in this country and a humiliating defeat for Republicans who really thought they could suppress the votes of millions of Americans and get away with it just because they gained power in the state.Now Democrats have a fair chance to not only oust these Republicans and take back the state government of North Carolina, the voters who just got their voting rights restored will get a chance to vote in November just in time to participate in what will be a historical election.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5275, Watch Bill Clinton Unleash His Inner Child With The Balloons At Last Night’s DNC (Video),"Bill Clinton just watched his wife accept the nomination for President of the United States. His wife, a former Senator and former Secretary of State, has literally made history as being the first woman nominee for a major political party.No doubt Bill Clinton must have been immensely proud of this extraordinary lady. His gleaming face said it all during her speech, and during his daughter, Chelsea s.Aside from everything just accomplished by Hillary, Bill seemed to be really smitten by one thing in particular: the balloons.As Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine walked up and down the stage, with their families by their sides, thousands of red, white and blue balloons were released from the rafters, pouring down on the Clintons and the Kaines.And Bill had the time of his life.Watch just how giddy former President Bill Clinton got, courtesy if Now This Election:Users from Twitter and other social media outlets had a field day with the former president s excitement:bill: hey hill check this out hillary hey hillary hill hey hillary check this out hillary look what i hill hillary pic.twitter.com/MAbRFW1yeY  Ingrid Ostby (@ingridostby) July 29, 2016 if you need me today, i ll be looking at photos of @billclinton staring at balloons with childlike wonder pic.twitter.com/4fw0LUIuxc  Emma Gray (@emmaladyrose) July 29, 2016find someone who loves you as much as @billclinton loves balloons pic.twitter.com/d2e6NOu9Lw  Morgan Anderson (@themorganleigh) July 29, 2016This is why we love Bill Clinton. Of course conservatives attacked him for having just a little bit of fun after history was just made.But after ushering in the largest economic expansion in U.S. history, keeping our nation safe, and overseeing more Americans put back to work than any other modern president, he deserves a little fun. And quite frankly, he probably doesn t care what anyone thinks about him at this point, nor should he.And let s be honest: there isn t anyone who didn t wish they were on that stage playing with those balloons.Featured image via Andrew P. Bernstein/Getty Images",0
5276, Analysis Shows Hillary Clinton’s Plans Would Create Over 10 Million Jobs,"As the Democratic National Convention wrapped up its final night, with Hillary Clinton delivering a speech that blew Donald Trump out of the water, an independent analysis from Moody s Analytics shows Clinton s plans will create over 10.4 million new jobs over the span of 4 years   one full term as president.The analysis, when redone, showed a growth of 3.2 million more jobs than expected. Not only would the nation gain millions of new jobs (on top of the 15 million plus gained under President Obama), the GDP rate would accelerate, up-ticking from the 2.3 percent today to 2.7 percent by the end of Clinton s presidency.The analysis also pinpointed the exact proposals that would continue economic growth   immigration reform, infrastructure spending, and paid family leave.When we treat immigrants with respect, when we put people back to work on our roads and bridges, and when we allow parents time to take care of their children without losing their jobs, America will succeed.The positive analysis and prediction is due, in almost all part, thanks to a healthy and growing economy under President Obama, assuming it continues well into a possible Clinton presidency, or even if the world turns to hell again:The upshot of our analysis is that Secretary Clinton s economic policies when taken together will result in a stronger U.S. economy under almost any scenario.In other words: if the economy tanked in the last few months of Obama s presidency (like it did with President Bush), Clinton s plans would result in a rebound (just like Obama s presidency).Any way you look at it, good or bad, Clinton and her plans will be good for the economy.Last month, Moody s released their analysis about Trump s plans, and found his economic policies would cost the United States over 3.5 million jobs, and usher in an economic downturn worse (and longer) than the Great Recession. The massive job loss would cause the unemployment rate to jump to over 7 percent.America has their choice: the strongest economy since the 1940s or another Great Recession.Choose wisely. The numbers are out there.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
5277, Donald Trump Throws MASSIVE Hissy Fit Over Hillary’s Speech And DNC Convention,"Hillary Clinton delivered an amazing speech on Thursday night and the DNC Convention was a unifying success, so of course Donald Trump threw a temper tantrum about it. Our country s motto is e pluribus unum: out of many, we are one. Will we stay true to that motto?  the former Secretary of State asked Americans before going after Donald Trump s agenda of fear and division. Well, we heard Donald Trump s answer last week at his convention. He wants to divide us   from the rest of the world, and from each other.He s betting that the perils of today s world will blind us to its unlimited promise. He s taken the Republican Party a long way  from  Morning in America  to  Midnight in America.  He wants us to fear the future and fear each other.Well, a great Democratic President, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, came up with the perfect rebuke to Trump more than eighty years ago, during a much more perilous time.  The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. Hillary went on to slam Trump for claiming that he alone can fix America and blasted him for claiming that he will put America first, which led to one of the best passages of the night. He also talks a big game about putting America First. Please explain to me what part of America First leads him to make Trump ties in China, not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan. Trump furniture in Turkey, not Ohio. Trump picture frames in India, not Wisconsin.Donald Trump says he wants to make America great again   well, he could start by actually making things in America again. The Democratic nominee also questioned Trump s temperament to be president, which also led to one of the best lines of the night. He loses his cool at the slightest provocation. When he s gotten a tough question from a reporter. When he s challenged in a debate. When he sees a protestor at a rally. Imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis. A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons. Indeed, and Trump not only lost his cool during Clinton s speech, he clearly went to bed enraged because he continued throwing a temper tantrum on Friday morning with a series of tweets attacking just about anyone, including the media, Michael Bloomberg, and General John Allen. But he began his temper tantrum on Thursday night by whining about Hillary not saying certain magic words that Trump believes will defeat ISIS.Hillary s refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2016 Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2016And then he threw a broader tantrum.Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2016 Hillary s vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2016Hillary s wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2016It should be pointed out that the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq were not  Hillary s wars.  They were George W. Bush s wars. No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton   corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2016Then Trump picked up where he left off and continued his hissy fit.The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. @CNN and the little watched @Morning_Joe = SAD!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2016 Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and  forgot  to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2016 @AnnCoulter:  I believe in science  Dem code for  we re shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2016 Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2016General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD #NeverHillary  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2016  Little  Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2016If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn t get 10% of the vote   they would run him out of town! #NeverHillary  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2016 Crooked Hillary said that I  couldn t handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign.  Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 29, 2016Again, this is who the Republican Party actually thinks is qualified to be the leader of the free world. How will he lead the nation when is he is too busy lashing out on Twitter at anyone who makes even the slightest criticism against him? And keep in mind that Trump only has Twitter to attack people with. As president, he would have the military, drones, and nuclear weapons at his disposal. How can anyone feel safe with Trump as president when he has such a thin skin that he could start a war at any time just because another nation insulted him?Featured Image: Christopher Furlong/Getty Images",0
5278," Oh Good Grief, Now The RNC Is Accusing Hillary Clinton Of Plagiarism","Melania Trump plagiarized part of her Republican National Convention speech. So, Republicans, whose unofficial theme this year seems to be  I know you are, but what am I?  swung and missed a shot at Hillary Clinton for supposedly plagiarizing her acceptance speech on Thursday night.Unlike with Trump, who plagiarized a full two paragraphs of Michelle Obama s speech while Clinton is accused of  stealing  a literary reference   or really, a literary allusion.At one point in her speech, Clinton appeared to reference the historian and political scientist, Alexis de Tocqueville, who published,  Democracy in America,  back in the mid 19th Century. Here was the line in question: But here s the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump   this is it,  Clinton said in Philadelphia.  And in the end, it comes down to what Donald Trump doesn t get: that America is great   because America is good. So enough with the bigotry and the bombast. Donald Trump s not offering real change. He s offering empty promises. The line is similar to one that s often attributed to de Tocqueville:  America is great because she is good.  The chief strategist, Sean Spicer, of the Republican National Convention was quick to jump on that   misspelling and all:#plagarism alert @hillaryclinton at @DemConvention  America is great bc America is good,  de Tocqueville  America is great bc she is good  Sean Spicer (@seanspicer) July 29, 2016What s next, accusing the DNC of plagarism (sic) for playing the National Anthem?Twitter s response was kind of brutal: @seanspicer @hillaryclinton @DemConvention Haha are you that fucking stupid?  Adam Peck (@AdamReports) July 29, 2016@seanspicer @HillaryClinton @DemConvention She also plagiarized  God Bless America.  Go home, dude.  Rand Duren (@RandDuren) July 29, 2016 LOL @seanspicer tries so hard to be an attack dog, but is just a little puppy.There was no plagiarism tonight buddy. That was last week ;-)  vancitydan (@vancitydan) July 29, 2016@seanspicer haha still trying to get over Melania s plagiarism?  Paulina Mar a (@paulinamcolon) July 29, 2016 @seanspicer I m embarrassed for you  Slimmy Drama (@SlimmyDrama) July 29, 2016The real irony here is that de Tocqueville never actually wrote those words. Spicer might know that if he had actually read the book. Similar lines, though, have been used in political speeches for decades.Featured image via Alex Wong at Getty Images",0
5279, Former Reagan Official Voting For Hillary Tells Trump He Is No Ronald Reagan (VIDEO),"With Donald Trump as the party s nominee, sane Republicans have been jumping ship left and right. On the final night of the Democratic National Convention, a former Reagon official told the crowd that he would be voting for Hillary Clinton and told the bigoted billionaire point blank:  You are no Ronald Reagan. Doug Elmets was a spokesman and speechwriter for Republican hero Ronald Reagan. Thursday night he took the stage at the DNC and said that he would be voting for a Democrat for the first time in his life this November. I haven t just voted Republican. I worked in President Reagan s White House,  he said.  I recently led an effort to place a statue of Ronald Reagan in California s capitol. I m here tonight to say: I knew Ronald Reagan; I worked for Ronald Reagan. Donald Trump, you are no Ronald Reagan. Elmets made it clear that he would be voting for Hillary in 2016 not only because of Trump but because of the Republican s party  alarming  and bigoted platform. This year s Republican platform is the most alarming I ve ever seen. It s laced with anti-immigrant, anti-gay, anti-women positions that do not represent the views of most Americans. That is why this year, I will vote for a Democrat for the first time. The former Reagan official then spoke directly to his fellow Republicans, telling them that if they believe loyalty to our country is more important than loyalty to party; if you want a President with a good judgment, a steady hand, and the temperament to represent our Nation to the world   and our children; I ask you to join me in voting for Hillary Clinton as President of the United States. Republicans with any sense and integrity are running from Trump and their own party as if it were the plague. Anyone who isn t bat-sh*t crazy, regardless of party affiliation, knows that this unhinged narcissist with a bad spray tan has no business being anywhere near the Oval Office and the nuclear codes.You can watch Elmets explain why he is jumping from a sinking conservative ship here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwUVkVdtCNA]Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5280, Ann Coulter Mocks Slain Soldier’s Dad – Simply For Being Muslim,"Just when you thought Ann Coulter couldn t be any more vile than she s shown herself to be, she showed herself yet again to be the lowest form of human scum.The 50-something washed up Trump supporter decided that the only way her miserable self could get attention was to make fun of a slain soldier s dad, simply because he s Muslim.I thought Republicans were all about  supporting the troops  and their families? I guess not.This is the tweet the mean spirited New Yorker sent out:You know what this convention really needed? An angry Muslim with a thick accent like Fareed Zacaria.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 29, 2016Coulter is referring to Khizr Khan, whose son, a Purple Heart recipient, died in 2004 while fighting for his country in Iraq after a suicide bomber attacked his unit.And still, after all that, Republicans found a way to make fun of someone who dares to be different than them.In the eyes of conservatives, it doesn t matter who someone is and why they re on stage   the only thing they focus on is their race, their religion, and their skin color.If this is the best Republicans can do, attacking military families, they are in for a rude awakening come November. They are finally being exposed as the faux patriotic, racist demogauges they have always truly been.Congrats, GOP. A 10 times New York Times bestseller has sunk so low as to be worst than pond scum. You have a truly great ally in this fight   not.November can t come fast enough. Once Trump loses (assuming Democrats are inspired enough to actually get out and vote) racism can be finally put on the back burner as the country will move on and continue to progress, and loser conservatives like Ann Coulter will no longer have any legitimacy.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5281," Navy Set To Honor Major Civil Rights Icon, And The Right Will Hate It","The United States Navy is about to name a ship after gay rights pioneer Harvey Milk.The July 14, 2016 notification, signed by Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus, indicated he intended to name a planned Military Sealift Command fleet oiler USNS Harvey Milk (T-AO-206). The ship would be the second of the John Lewis-class oilers being built by General Dynamics NASSCO in San Diego, Calif.The Secretary of the Navy s office is deferring releasing additional information until the naming announcement, a Navy official told USNI News on Thursday.The designation is part of a new class designation for the service, called the John Lewis-class after civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis (D-GA). Other ships in the class will be named after Chief Justice Earl Warren (school desegration), Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy, Lucy Stone (women s rights activist) and Sojurner Truth (abolitionist, women s rights).Milk was the first openly gay person to be elected to public office in California where he served on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors. During his 11 months in office he passed a major gay rights ordinance for the city.He was assassinated on November 27, 1978 by Dan White, a former city supervisor.Milk has been described as  the most famous and most significantly open LGBT official ever elected in the United States.  In 2009, President Obama awarded Milk a posthumous Presidential Medal of Freedom. President Obama said:His name was Harvey Milk, and he was here to recruit us   all of us   to join a movement and change a nation. For much of his early life, he had silenced himself. In the prime of his life, he was silenced by the act of another. But in the brief time in which he spoke   and ran and led   his voice stirred the aspirations of millions of people. He would become, after several attempts, one of the first openly gay Americans elected to public office. And his message of hope   hope unashamed, hope unafraid   could not ever be silenced. It was Harvey who said it best:  You gotta give  em hope. Featured image via US Navy",0
5282," WATCH: Father Of Purple Heart-Winning Muslim Soldier UNLEASHES On Trump, And It Is Amazing","Khizr Khan, the father of a slain purple-heart winning Muslim soldier absolutely laid into Donald Trump in his speech on the final night of the 2016 Democratic Convention in Philadelphia.Khan s son, Captain Humayun S. M. Khan, was one of 14 American Muslims who have died while serving the United States military since 9/11.Standing next to his wife, Mr. Khan laid into Trump for arguing for a wall between America and Mexico, pointing out,  We cannot solve our problems by building walls We are stronger together. Pointing out Trump s incendiary anti-Muslim rhetoric, the father asked,  Let me ask [Trump], have you even read the United States Constitution? I will gladly lend you my copy! He then dramatically reached into his jacket and pulled out his Constitution.Concluding his speech, Khan gave a full-throated endorsement of Hillary Clinton:  Vote for the healer not the divider. Their son was killed when a suicide bomber attacked his unit, serving in Iraq in 2004.Captain Khan was killed just north of Baghdad on June 8, 2004. A car approached the gates of the base he was tasked with protecting. As soldiers under Khan s command prepared to inspect the vehicle, his father told us, Captain Khan screamed for his men to  hit the dirt  and walked towards it himself and demanded the driver stop. Inside the car were two suicide bombers and a large amount of explosives. As the car reached the gate, the bomb was detonated, killing Khan and wounding 10 U.S. soldiers. His father believes many more men might have died without Khan s warning. Khan was posthumously awarded the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart, two of the military s highest honors.The divisive nature of Trump s repeated attacks on Muslims has prompted the Khans to speak out against his candidacy for the presidency, and it resulted in an epic moment at the convention.Featured image via YouTube",0
5283, WATCH: Nicolle Wallace Says Donald Trump Knows Less About Foreign Policy Than Sarah Palin,"As we all know, Sarah Palin is America s village idiot, but at least she would have only been vice-president had Republicans actually won eight years ago.But Donald Trump is aiming to become president, and according to Nicolle Wallace he knows even LESS about foreign policy than Sarah Palin does.And Wallace would know, too, since she was a member of Palin s staff during John McCain s 2008 presidential campaign.During an appearance on Morning Joe on Thursday, Joe Scarborough mentioned the  historical fact  that when it came to foreign policy the former Alaska Governor was  woefully ignorant  and asked Wallace to chime in on Donald Trump based on her experience trying to get Palin up to speed. Sarah Palin went to bed with an open highlighter smeared on her face most nights because she was trying to learn,  Wallace said.  She was up all night studying and she understood that she was on the ticket with a man who was respected around the world I don t know if this is a gender thing, but he s not even trying to learn. Here s the video via YouTube.And there you have it, folks. Donald Trump is way more ignorant than Sarah Palin when it comes to foreign policy and he refuses to learn.It s been obvious from the start, however. Trump has not only insulted Mexico and the 1.6 billion Muslims around the world, he has stated that he intends to treat foreign policy like a business negotiation.He has threatened to pull American support from NATO, which would embolden Russia. He has threatened to pull American support from Japan and South Korea, which would leave our two biggest allies in Asia vulnerable. And he has said he wants to give nuclear weapons to both of those countries and Saudi Arabia as well, which would only increase tensions in both Asia and the Middle East while increasing the threat of nuclear war. Trump has also said he won t rule out using nuclear weapons against Europe. And that s just the tip of the iceberg.This is the man Republicans chose to be their nominee. This is the man they hope will be in the White House in 2017. And he doesn t know a damn thing about foreign policy. Republicans went from nominating an idiot for vice-president to doubling down eight years later by nominating an even worse idiot for president. As many times as Donald Trump has claimed that the world is falling apart, he has no interest in learning what the problems are so that he can do something to help solve them. The only thing he wants to do is watch the world burn.It s no wonder that Wallace declared the Republican Party dead after Trump s acceptance speech at the RNC Convention last week. Clearly, Wallace knew from experience just how disastrous Trump is as a candidate and how disastrous he would be to our nation. Worse than Sarah Palin. And that says a lot.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5284, Clinton Is Beating Trump By 9 Points In Pennsylvania – Here’s Why That Matters,"It s a good thing Democrats picked Philadelphia to host their convention. Pennsylvania is continually being talked up as  swing state  that could go for Trump (they said the same thing about Romney in 2012, and he lost by 5 percent).But as Hillary Clinton delivered her acceptance speech, one that commentators say could sway undecided voters, a new poll comes out showing Clinton beating Trump by a whopping nine points in the  swing state  of Pennsylvania.Here s why that s important: people say Trump could (some say will) win Pennsylvania because of the  rustic belt  white, male centrists who typically lean Democrat, but could be swayed otherwise.The Suffolk University survey showed Clinton leading Trump 50-41, with 8 percent undecided. The poll also closely reflects NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll conducted earlier in July that showed Clinton with a 9 point lead, this one 45-36.What s also interesting is Clinton still blows Trump out of the water when factoring Jill Stein and Gary Johnson in the polling:When Clinton and Trump were matched in the poll against Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein, Clinton s margin over Trump was the same, at 9 points   46 percent to 37 percent. Johnson earned 5 percent, while Stein took 2 percent and 9 percent were undecided among those candidatesThink about that: before Clinton even delivered her  speech of a lifetime,  two polls   one from a well known publication and one from a close-to-home college, show the same results. Clinton s choice of a progressively centrist VP pick (who is a major ally to unions) could pick up the weary and disenfranchised white blue dog Democrats.After the convention, Clinton and Kaine will be touring the state by bus as they seek to cement and keep their support among Pennsylvanians in the west.Trump continues to be liability for his own campaign while Democrats are getting major viewership at their convention. Let s hope the momentum can continue.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5285, Trump Admits Democrats Are Hurting His Feelings With DNC Criticisms,"Everyone knows Donald Trump is a thin-skinned little whiner. Elizabeth Warren knows it (and has proven it), Bill Maher knows it (and has come up with quite a nickname). Trump can dish it out all he likes but he certainly can t take it.And who s gotten under his skin this time? The speakers at the DNC.After the conclusion of the third night, in which V.P candidate Tim Kaine shredded trump by invoking one of his famous lines,  believe me,  the  tough  GOP candidate responded the only way he knew how   by being a butt-hurt cry baby:Well, they don t all hit me, but some of them do. And they try to hit you as hard as possible. And it s mostly false stuff   I get it. It s the way it goes. It s called politics   I guess I take it a little bit personally.Cry me a river, you thin skinned demogauge. Hillary has faced ceaseless personal attacks for decades   much, much worse than any of the (accurate) remarks made at the DNC. But has Hillary Clinton ever said she takes it personally? No, she hasn t. That s because Hillary isn t thin-skinned, she isn t a quitter, and she certainly doesn t lack confidence.Trump is offended for the things Democrats said about him. That s rich, coming from the guy that has spread lies about women, Muslims, Mexicans, immigrants, working women (including Hillary Clinton) and tried to convince the world President Obama wasn t born in America.It s only a matter of time until Donald totally loses it and says something he really shouldn t. As the campaign continues, Trump shows his real colors, his insecurities, and his weak nature.Sorry the truth hurts, Donald. Maybe he shouldn t have ripped off all those businesses when he walked away from bankruptcy. Maybe he shouldn t have mocked John McCain and that New York Times reporter. Maybe he should have never called women bimbos, pigs, dogs and every other name in the book.His words will be his downfall, and he has no one to blame but himself.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",0
5286, Some Conservatives Hate Trump So Much They Are Praising President Obama’s DNC Convention Speech,"The same conservatives who have attacked President Obama over the last eight years really liked his speech on Wednesday night.When President Obama spoke in support of Hillary Clinton during the DNC Convention, he extended an olive branch to conservatives who are dissatisfied with Donald Trump as the Republican nominee. Look, we Democrats have always had plenty of differences with the Republican Party, and there s nothing wrong with that,  Obama said before reaching out to those who are #NeverTrump. It s precisely this contest of ideas that pushes our country forward. But what we heard in Cleveland last week wasn t particularly Republican   and it sure wasn t conservative. What we heard was a deeply pessimistic vision of a country where we turn against each other, and turn away from the rest of the world. There were no serious solutions to pressing problems   just the fanning of resentment, and blame, and anger, and hate. President Obama then stressed unity along with the themes of patriotism and our Founding Fathers. And he even mentioned Ronald Reagan. And that is not the America I know. The America I know is full of courage, and optimism, and ingenuity. The America I know is decent and generous I see Americans of every party, every background, every faith who believe that we are stronger together   black, white, Latino, Asian, Native American; young, old; gay, straight; men, women, folks with disabilities, all pledging allegiance, under the same proud flag, to this big, bold country that we love. Ronald Reagan called America  a shining city on a hill.  Donald Trump calls it  a divided crime scene  that only he can fix.The reason he ll lose it is because he s selling the American people short. We re not a fragile people. We re not a frightful people. Our power doesn t come from some self-declared savior promising that he alone can restore order as long as we do things his way. We don t look to be ruled. Our power comes from those immortal declarations first put to paper right here in Philadelphia all those years ago: We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal; that We the People, can form a more perfect union. And because many Republicans are starting to wake up and realize what their own party has become, they praised President Obama s speech.National Review columnist Rich Lowery was stunned because he seems to think patriotism and the founding documents are trademarked Republican beliefs.American exceptionalism and greatness, shining city on hill, founding documents, etc they re trying to take all our stuff  Rich Lowry (@RichLowry) July 28, 2016Erick Erickson of Redstate couldn t believe how much he enjoyed it. I disagree with the President on so much policy and his agenda, but appreciate the hope and optimism in this speech.  Erick Erickson (@EWErickson) July 28, 2016The GOP offered a vision of doom, despair, and division. Tonight the President I think divides us offered optimism. I hate this year.  Erick Erickson (@EWErickson) July 28, 2016Republican strategist Rory Cooper thought the speech was  great  and slammed his own party for making it easy for Obama by nominating Trump. Great speech. And we made it easy for him.  Rory Cooper (@rorycooper) July 28, 2016This conservative was shocked to hear President Obama defend conservatives from Trump.Still stunned. Feel like I m in the twilight zone. Obama just defended America & conservative values from attacks by the Republican nominee.  (((AG))) (@AG_Conservative) July 28, 2016Jeb Bush campaign staffer Tim Miller said that Republicans just lost an entire generation of voters. Will a Trump apologist explain to me why an 18 yo watching the conventions would want to be a Republican? We re giving away a generation  Tim Miller (@Timodc) July 28, 2016Former Reagan speechwriter John Podhoretz appreciated the nod to his former boss.Take about five paragraphs out of that Obama speech and it could have been a Reagan speech. Trust me. I know.  John Podhoretz (@jpodhoretz) July 28, 2016While they praised President Obama s speech, they all still hate him and the progressive policies he supports. Of course, these Republicans conveniently ignore that many of the policies President Obama has pursued throughout his two terms were ideas that their party once supported, especially Obamacare. But the consensus is clear. Donald Trump preaches hate and division while President Obama delivered the speech Republicans only wish their nominee would have done. Thank God the President had the grace on that stage last night to point out that Donald Trump is neither a Republican nor a conservative,  Erick Erickson wrote on Thursday.  I am glad that even the President is not willing to tar and feather my party with Trump, despite my party s willingness to commit political suicide. Featured Image: Pete Sousa",0
5287, Ashley Judd Knows From Experience That Donald Trump Is A Perverted Creep And He’s ‘Revolting’,"Donald Trump is a misogynist creep and Ashley Judd had no problem telling the world what she has personally witnessed.The actress talked to Jezebel writer Ellie Shechet on Thursday morning on the red carpet of the Creative Coalition Gala and Judd gave an unprompted story about the Republican nominee, whom she has know for over a decade. And let s just say that Judd s story about Trump takes him to a whole new level of creepy perv. I ve known Donald for 15, 17 years?  she began. I m friends with someone who married into the family. Anyway, I would bump into him at the U.S. Open, for example, and I think I can say the amount of time he has spent looking at my chest rather than my face is proportional to his insanity and functionality. And then she demonstrated exactly what Trump does. If I may, this is what it s like to talk to Donald Trump.  Judd stopped and stared pointedly at my chest.  He s a chest gazer, a breast gazer, let s be more specific and, referring to the person who at that time was married into the family, he just sexualized her.  Doesn t she look great? Doesn t she look ?  He s just revolting. And it s not like Trump hasn t publicly displayed his creepiness.On multiple occasions, Trump has fantasized about his own daughter. During a 2006 appearance on  The View,  Trump said this about Ivanka Trump when asked if she would ever pose for Playboy: It would be really disappointing   not really   but it would depend on what s inside the magazine. I don t think Ivanka would do that, although she does have a very nice figure. I ve said if Ivanka weren t my daughter, perhaps I d be dating her. And that was just in 2006. Here s what he told Rolling Stone for an article in 2015.At 69, he can still carry on like the teen who was yanked out of prep school and delivered to Col. Dobias, the take-no-shit instructor at the military academy. After I met Ivanka and praised her to her father, he said,  Yeah, she s really something, and what a beauty, that one. If I weren t happily married and, ya know, her father . . . So yeah, Donald Trump treats all women, even his own daughter, as sexual objects. He s disgusting. And he s the person the Republican Party chose as their leader. If that s how they thought they could reach out to women voters they were sorely mistaken.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
5288, Loan Officer Fired From Her Job After Posting A HORRIBLY Racist Tweet About Michelle Obama," First Amendment  supporting conservatives are once again up in arms over what they perceive to be political correctness run amuck.Lisa Greenwood, a loan officer from Loan Point Financial, posted on her twitter calling Michelle Obama an  ugly black bitch. Luckily, her Facebook showed where she worked, and complaints to the company quickly poured in.Lisa s company responded by firing her. They posted on their Facebook page explaining why:The individual who made reprehensible comments regarding last night s speech by the First Lady is no longer employed with Home Point Financial. Home Point Financial does not agree with nor condone such comments, which were made on the individual s Twitter account. We hold true to our We Care philosophy   our responsibilities extend beyond the workplace and into our communities.Ever since the announcement, the company s Facebook page has blown up with support, with hundreds, possibly thousands, of people now looking for a new home loan. Luckily, Home Point Financial is licensed in 46 states.This is a perfect example to set for today s youth (and apparently adults): be very careful about what you post on social media, you never know who may be watching or what your company may think.Thankfully, Home Point Financial doesn t tolerate racism and sheer disrespect for our nation s First Lady.Conservative s love to accuse Democrats of playing the race card. Yet time and time again, they are the ones who bring up the Obama s race and make racially charged statements   like calling them monkeys, gorillas, Africans, Panthers, the list goes on and on.The company should scrutinize Greenwood s cases, to find if there was ever any racial discrimination in her loan process. Judging by her charge against Michelle Obama, it wouldn t be far-fetched that she completely undermined black Americans trying to get a home.Kudos to the company for stamping out hate. Let this be a lesson to conservatives and Trump supporters alike that racism is no longer being tolerated.Featured image via Joe Readle/Getty Images",0
5289, Harry Reid Wants The Government To Lie To Trump – For Very Good Reasons,"Harry Reid is frightened, as all Americans should be. Donald Trump is about to receive security briefings, and with Trump s apparent complete inability to censor himself, and with his apparent ties to Russia, that s a very dangerous thing. Reid wants Trump to get fake security briefings. How would the CIA and the other intelligence agencies brief this guy? How could they do that? I would suggest to the intelligence agencies, if you re forced to brief this guy, don t tell him anything, just fake it, because this man is dangerous,  Reid said in an interview with The Huffington Post Wednesday afternoon.  Fake it, pretend you re doing a briefing, but you can t give the guy any information. This guy, he s part of a foreign power,  Reid continued.  We knew he liked Putin before this, but this is quite ridiculous. While Trump s big mouth has long been a matter of concern when it comes to the security briefings, we ve known for a long time that Trump s top advisor, Paul Manafort, is in bed with the Russians. But more recently   on Wednesday, as a matter of fact   Trump asked Russia to hack us again and  find Hillary Clinton s missing emails. Trump denies he does any business in Russia, but as Mother Jones reports, that might be because of Russia. Trump has been trying to open the Russian market since before the Soviet Union fell. In other words, Republicans, Trump was trying to do business with our enemies, the Commies.Reid fell short of calling Trump a traitor, but he does compare it to modern history s biggest political scandal: Watergate. I think Watergate was something that people understood. It was wrong, morally wrong, for the president of the United States to be involved in such trivia,  he said.  What Trump is talking about is much worse than Watergate. Absolutely. Trump hit back with his typical  I know you are but what am I?  answer. He wants Hillary Clinton to be prevented from receiving security briefings. I have a real problem when Hillary Clinton, who gives open access to a phony server, is allowed to get these [classified] briefings.How does Hillary Clinton get a national security briefing, when she s been probably hacked? Source: Real Clear PoliticsTrump doesn t seem to understand that what Clinton did was nowhere near what he is engaging in as we speak. Harry Reid is right. Trump is dangerous. If they brief him, they should tell him nothing.Featured image via Alex Wong at Getty Images.",0
5290, Republicans Hilariously Go Ballistic Because ‘American Sniper’ Star Bradley Cooper Was At DNC Convention,"Let the mocking commence.On Wednesday evening, conservatives across the country noticed a familiar face sitting in the audience at the DNC Convention. They may have thought that it was Navy SEAL Chris Kyle, but he s dead and it was actually the actor who portrayed him in the  American Sniper  movie.That s right, Bradley Cooper and his girlfriend attended the DNC Convention to show their support for Hillary Clinton and conservatives are super pissed about it.Here s some of their reactions on Twitter:Bradley Cooper s DNC appearance indicates his next role as a suicide bomber will be a massive hit in Trukey. Liberal piece of ?  USA CITIZEN (@Citizen_USA1) July 28, 2016 Bradley Cooper is promoting Hillary? Too bad. He s dead to me now. pic.twitter.com/gXJ4ahO8YK  David O Neill (@garlicfries95) July 28, 2016I have a list of celebrities that support Socialism I refuse to spend another $ on. Add this one. Boycott them all. pic.twitter.com/uOFMkxSvRY  Nat Shupe (@NatShupe) July 28, 2016 @WashTimes you d think after playing the part & knowing it s a true story he d hate Hillary but no those liberal actors are stupid AF #sad  Courtney (@Quartz335) July 28, 2016@WashTimes @realbigstriper They need to really pick better actors for these roles, they are a disgrace to the men they are portraying.  Jeannie (@PC_FilterFree) July 28, 2016 Bradley Cooper was at the DNC, an @WashTimes feken traitor Hollywood puppet scum  David Williams (@williamsd369) July 28, 2016d some folks are not amused https://t.co/ecaTe484K7 I just people know he s an actor right? Right?  Mikki Kendall (@Karnythia) July 28, 2016Republicans actually think that because Bradley Cooper played the role of Chris Kyle in a movie that it means he must be a Republican like them. That s the kind of stupidity that got Trump chosen as the GOP nominee.Of course, it didn t take long for people to mock conservatives for said stupidity. Bradley Cooper at DNC GOP:  Chris Kyle? You traitor! Anthony Hopkins at a buffet GOP:  Does he really eat people?  pic.twitter.com/0q8bv3CFOQ  Craig Rozniecki (@CraigRozniecki) July 28, 2016Conservatives getting mad at Bradley Cooper s DNC appearance really shows how stupid they really are.  chickfileeeiiiii (@sunshineleisha) July 28, 2016 Same people who cant differentiate b/t reality star & presidentially qualified candidate r same people mad @ Bradley Cooper s DNC appearance  Garrett Sawyer (@garrettmsawyer) July 28, 2016Left-Bradley Cooper. He is an actor, not a sniper. Right-Paul Giamatti. He is an actor, not John Adams. We good? pic.twitter.com/4V4INebX4d  Civic_Thoughts (@Civic_Thoughts) July 28, 2016 Nothing offended conservatives last night more than discovering that Bradley Cooper is a Democrat. How could it be, HE S OUR SNIPER!!!  BWD (@theonlyadult) July 28, 2016News flash: Arnold Schwarzenegger is not a robot and Julia Roberts is not a prostitute #BradleyCooper #gop  thatStellaGirl (@thatStellaGirl) July 28, 2016 People being mad at #BradleyCooper for having different political beliefs than a role he played is proof we need to invest in education.  Dave Engler (@DaveEngler) July 28, 2016Conservatives mad #BradleyCooper was at DNC because he portrayed Chris Kyle!!! Does this mean Morgan Freeman isn t really God??? OHNO?  Frank Lee Spoken (@FrankLeeSpoken7) July 28, 2016 In boycotting future #BradleyCooper movies due to his appearance at the DNC, confused GOPers desperately search for new Scott Baio movies.  Marc Lombardi (@marclombardi) July 28, 2016 How can Bradley Cooper be a democrat when he played Chris Kyle?!  pic.twitter.com/6rRIkRVwOn  Caitlin (@CJMasessa) July 28, 2016Enough said.Featured image via Twitter",0
5291, Elizabeth Warren Puts News Anchor In His Place For Defending ‘Racist’ Trump (VIDEO),"The things that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump says and does seem completely indefensible, but ABC News Anchor David Muir somehow found a reason to protect Trump for one of his most horrific qualities: his blatantly obvious racism. And unfortunately for him, he did it in front of the WRONG person.On Wednesday night, Muir interviewed Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren at the Democratic National Convention to talk about her ongoing feud with the brash Republican nominee. In asking Warren about Trump s latest attack on her in which he (once again) called her  Pocahontas,  Muir basically baited the iconic liberal into calling Trump a racist and then criticized her for telling the truth when she did.When Muir asked Warren if Trump calling her  Pocahontas  was racist, Warren had responded: Donald Trump has proven that he is a thin-skinned racist Muir scolded her and said,  But is that calling him a name, too?  It was the wrong thing to say to Warren, because she fired back with pure logic and gave him the education that he so desperately needed. She said: No, it fits the facts. Come on. Then she provided, off the top of her head, a list of some of Trump s greatest, most racist hits: Look at what he has said about Mexicans. Look what he has said about Muslims. Look what he says over and over. As a matter of fact, you don t have to quote me on this. When he had rulings against him over Trump University he tried to attack the judge on the basis of his Mexican-American heritage. Muir should really be thanking Warren for helping him put a childish nickname and an actual prejudice and human rights offense into perspective. There is no defending Trump for all of the disrespectful things he has said about minorities, and we all need to be better educated in calling his bigot remarks out instead of brushing them off, or worse yet, likening them to smaller offenses.You can watch Warren school Muir in the clip below:Featured image via screen capture",0
5292, Stephen Colbert Goes Completely Off Script To Ask Trump One Question (VIDEO),"The Stephen Colbert we love was in rare form Wednesday night when he was asked by an audience member what one question he would ask Donald Trump. Let s just say it s good he wasn t on air at the time. My question is, if you had Donald Trump on your show tonight, what would you ask him?  the woman who identified herself as a college student asked Wednesday, hours after the Republican presidential nominee encouraged Russia to hack into Hillary Clinton s emails.Source: Raw StoryIf you recall, Trump has a rather cozy relationship with the Russian dictator, Vladimir Putin. After an apparent Russian hack on the Democratic National Committee s email server, Trump, who has exchanged praise with Putin in the past, encouraged Russia to hack some more. Russia, if you re listening, I hope you re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing,  Mr. Trump said during a news conference here in an apparent reference to Mrs. Clinton s deleted emails.  I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press. Source: New York TimesColbert is brilliant. He could have said that he d ask Trump about the legalities of colluding with a foreign leader to help sway the American election. He could have said he d ask about treason. Instead, Colbert chose to ask the billionaire this:Colbert thought about the woman s question for a moment, apparently trying to decide whether to say his answer out loud. We re not broadcasting right now, so I d say,  What does Vladimir Putin s dick taste like?  Colbert asked.Then the band started playing before Colbert laughed and said,  that s a fine joke. Don t tell your grandkids that joke. Here s the video:Colbert s audience didn t seem to take offense. There was a pretty healthy round of applause, although it might have been a little reserved, just out of shock. They probably aren t used to Colbert playing blue.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5293, Prof. At Trump’s Fmr. College: He’s ‘A True Threat To Our American Democracy’,"Donald Trump likes to brag about the fact that he attended the University of Pennsylvania s prestigious Wharton School. However, the folks there are scared as hell as the prospect of their former student becoming president of the United States. One of the professors at the Wharton School, Eric Schoenberg, has one project between here and November: Stop Trump.According to the Huffington Post, Schoenberg says of Trump: This man, Donald Trump, represents a true threat to our democracy and our system of government. This was a statement he made to the University s student publication, the Daily Pennsylvanian. Schoenberg continued: I think Donald Trump is a potential disaster, and I m going to do everything I can to make sure he isn t president. The Democrats are the only game in town to that regard. The professor is also talking with his wallet on this one, having given the maximum allowable amount   $2700   to Hillary Clinton s bid for the presidency. Further, he gave $75,000 to help bankroll the Democratic National Convention. In addition, Schoenberg has bankrolled various unnamed efforts championed by Democrats to the tune of roughly $30,000.Schoenberg isn t the only one at Trump s old school who can t stand the thought of his being president. In fact, the students at Wharton penned a blistering missive to Trump, berating his offensive remarks, saying that discriminatory statements are incompatible with the values that we are taught and we teach at Wharton.  That letter gathered more than 3700 signatures from both present students at the school and those who have already graduated.The people at Wharton are right. Trump is unfit to be president. From his obvious ignorance of the Constitution, to his love affair with Russian dictator Vladimir Putin, to his flirtation with the idea of abandoning America s allies in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO)  and so much more, we must understand that Trump is not just a buffoon or a clown or even a bigot or an embarrassment. He is dangerous, a literal fascist and a demagogue who has risen to a position of power through his uncanny ability to tap into and manipulate the basest, darkest instincts of America s ignorant masses. Godspeed, Professor Schoenberg. Educated, sane Americans everywhere are with you. We must stop Trump.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5294, WATCH: Obama CRUSHES Trump With Two Words In His BEST Speech Ever,"President Barack Obama brought down the house on the third night of the 2016 Democratic Party Convention when he singled out Republican nominee Donald Trump and gave for the first time his unvarnished opinion of the GOP s party leader.Obama: Anyone who threatens values, ""fascists or communists or jihadists or homegrown demagogues, will always fail."" pic.twitter.com/DI77NXhlOI  POLITICO (@politico) July 28, 2016Directly contrasting Trump s constant drumbeat of negative attacks against America, the President described the former reality TV star as simply a  homegrown demagogue  who stands opposed to basic American values.Specifically, Obama said: America has changed over the years, but these values that my grandparents taught me, they haven t gone anywhere. They re as strong as ever. Still cherished by people of every party, every race, every faith, they live on in each of us. What makes us American, what makes us patriots, is what s in here. Obama then pointed to his heart. That s what matters,  he continued,  and that s why we can take the food, and music, and holidays and styles of other countries and blend it into something uniquely our own. That s why we can attract strivers and entrepreneurs from around the globe to build new factories, create new industries here. That s why our military can look the way it does. Every shade of humanity forged into common service. That s why anyone who threatens our values whether fascist or communist or jihadists or homegrown demagogues will always fail in the end. The speech is already being described as one of the best Obama has ever given, and was a full throated endorsement of his former rival Hillary Clinton, singling her out as the only person in the race worthy of carrying on the baton from his administration.Obama ended the speech with a surprise appearance from Clinton in the arena. The audience, already cheering the President s final convention speech as the sitting commander-in-chief, clapped even louder as Clinton and Obama embraced and walked across the stage together in party unity.Featured image via Twitter",0
5295," Joe Biden DESTROYS Trump In Fiery DNC Speech: Hillary Gets It, Trump – Not A Clue (VIDEO)","Everyone paying attention to the 2016 presidential election, regardless of politics, realizes that Donald Trump is not fit to hold the office he seeks. The man is clearly dangerously unqualified to take the oath of the presidency, and the idea that he might do so in January is absolutely terrifying.Well, the Democrats have put together a star-studded event to make sure that voters understand what is at stake here, and to make sure that people vote blue from the top on down this November, and one such star was none other then Vice President Joe Biden. VP Biden is likeable, adorable, smart, charming and funny. He s also incredibly knowledgeable. He knows what he is talking about, and he knows that the difference between the two choices this year is like night and day. Here is what Biden said, in part, to make his case against Trump, via Daily Kos:Let me say this as clearly as I can, if you live in the neighborhoods like the ones Jill and I grew up in, if you worry about your job and getting a decent pay, if you worry about your children s education, if you are taking care of an elderly parent, then there is only one person in the selection will help you, only one person in this race who will be there, who has always been there for you and that is Hillary Clinton s life story. Not just who she is, it is her life story. [Cheers] She is always there. She has always been there. [Cheers] And so has Tim kaine. [Cheers]Ladies and gentlemen, let s say the obvious, I really meant, that is not Donald Trump story. Just listen to me a second without doing or cheering.  Booing or cheering, his cynicism is undoubtedly his lack of empathy and compassion can be summed up in that phrase he is most proud of making famous, you re fired. I m not joking. Think about that. Think about that. Think about everything you learned as a child. No matter where you were raised, how can there be pleasure in saying you re fired? He is trying to tell us he cares about the middle class. Give me a break. That is a bunch of malarkey. [Cheers]Whatever he thinks, whatever he thinks, and I mean this from the bottom of my heart, I know I m called middle-class Joe and in Washington, that is not meant as a compliment. It means you are not sophisticated. I know why we are strong, I know why we are held together, I know why we are united, it is because there has always been a growing middle class. This guy does not have a clue about the middle class. Not a clue. [Cheers] Because folks, when the hill class   middle class does well, the rich do very well and the poor have hope. They have a way out. He has no clue about what makes America great. Actually, he has no clue period. [Cheers]Not a clue! Not a clue! Not a clue!Folks, let me say, let me say something that has nothing to do with politics. Let me talk about something that I m deadly serious about. This is a complicated and uncertain world we live in. The threats are two great   too great, the times are too uncertain to elect Donald Trump as resident of the united States. Let me finish, no major party, no major party nominee in the history of the station has ever known less or been less prepared to do with our national security  deal with our national  security.Our vice president is right. This is not about politics anymore. Trump is incompetent, and dangerously so. He has no clue about the economy, national security, or anything else. He doesn t understand what makes the nation function, even on the most basic level, and he certainly doesn t understand what makes it great. The choice is clear, my fellow Americans. Vote for a demagogue who peddles in hate and fear who is completely unprepared to occupy the Oval Office, or vote for the woman who knows what she is doing and will continue to KEEP America great.Watch Vice President Biden s incredible speech below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5296, O’Malley Comes Out Swinging At DNC: ‘To Hell With Trump’s American Nightmare’ (VIDEO),"Former Maryland Gov. Martin O Malley came out swinging at the Democratic National Convention on Wednesday. He denounced Donald Trump as a  bully  and a   racist  who  makes his followers fearful of tomorrow  and  feeds off of a deep-seated and dangerous anger. I say to hell with Trump s American nightmare,  O Malley said.  We believe in the American Dream. O Malley praised Hillary Clinton and her running mate, Tim Kaine, saying they were as tough as they come.  He compared the Democratic ticket with the Republican nominee, who  turns anger into a political weapon. Anger never fed a hungry child, did it? Anger never protected a family s home or sent a kid to college. Anger never built a great republic,  said O Malley.O Malley slammed Trump for his insistence that wages are too high,  a stance the billionaire candidate did an about face on today even though he had argued vehemently against a minimum wage hike during a Republican presidential debate in November. Wages are too high?  O Maller asked incredulously.  Really Donald? I ll tell you what s too high. College tuition is too high. I ll tell you what s too high. The cost of childcare, that s too high. The number of American children who live in poverty, that s too high. Donald Trump s opinion of himself   way, way too high,  O Malley quipped.The former governor then ripped apart Trump s ridiculous assertion that the concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese. I ll tell you what: If the Chinese were really capable of designing some kind of diabolical farce to hurt America, they wouldn t invent global warming,  he said.  They d invent Donald Trump. O Malley then said that Trump has been a bully his whole life. But here s what I learned on playgrounds in Catholic school: all bullies are cowards in disguise,  O Malley said.  But unlike that immigrant-bashing carnival barker Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton actually knows the enduring symbol of America is not a barbed wire fence,  he remarked.  It is the Statue of Liberty. Watch Martin O Malley bash the billionaire bully at the DNC here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THdw8sw3LO4]Featured image via  Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5297, Ann Coulter Makes SICK Comparison Between Hillary And Hitler In Asking Where Bernie’s Fans Went,"Far-right conservative and resident anti-Semitic bigot, Ann Coulter, has harsh words for Hillary Clinton. Of course, Coulter hasn t liked anything any Democrat has ever done in the whole entire history of everything, and has never been afraid to say so. This, however, is way over the line of gross, sick and disgusting, even for someone like Coulter.She compared Hillary to Hitler. Hitler comparisons are nothing new and fly all over the place from both the left and the right. Coulter, however, managed to combine her anti-Semitism with her ugly Hitler comparison to ask a question about where Bernie Sanders  supporters were on Night 2 of the DNC:Bernie Sanders is Jewish. By asking if Hillary had his followers gassed, she s saying that Hillary is at least as horrific as Hitler, if not more so since she s not our president yet. It s also a not-so subtle dig at both Bernie and his supporters.There are just no words to describe how twisted that is. It s not just an offensive slam against a presidential candidate. It s an offensive slam to everyone who survived the Holocaust, who lost loved ones in the Holocaust, who are descended from Holocaust survivors, and who witnessed the Holocaust.It s worse than offensive, actually. It s abhorrent. It s repugnant. It s repulsive.It s also classic Ann Coulter, which tells us something about her character.Coulter is a Trumpette, meaning she s all but in love with Donald Trump and everything he stands for, including his dangerous hate. She ll say anything hateful to a) take down his opponents, and b) make sure he notices her.Coulter s anti-Semitism runs very deep in her black and shriveled heart. She links to, and regularly cites, an alt-right website known as VDARE, which is a white supremacist site with strong anti-Semitic undertones. She also got upset with all the talk about Israel during one of the GOP debates, and she said that Jews are just Christians in need of perfection back in 2007: That is what Christians consider themselves: perfected Jews. If ever there was someone who needs to get lost and stay lost, it s Coulter. Asking if Hillary had Bernie s supporters gassed, as though she threw them into gas chambers because they were a threat to her, goes way beyond the boundaries of pretty much everything.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5298, That Time Donald Trump Asked Hackers To Take Obama Down For Him,"It seems that Donald Trump has a history of asking hackers for help in furthering his goals. Not only did he ask Russian hackers to find Hillary s missing emails this morning, he also once asked hackers to help him out with taking President Obama.As the nation s most famous birther, he was all in on proving that Obama was foreign-born, and therefore couldn t be president. He actually seemed upset that hackers were hacking everything except Obama s records:Obama released his long-form birth certificate in 2011, three years before Trump posted this tweet. Trump is so sure he s right about everything, though, that he wanted to keep digging and digging until he found the mother lode. Perhaps he was trying to keep Obama from making him look like the complete fool that he is?This morning, he pretty much told Russia that they would be rewarded if they hacked Hillary Clinton s email server and found those 30,000 emails that Republicans have been salivating over. Of course, his loyal subjects including those at Fox News are saying he was joking about that, and why shouldn t they? Asking a foreign government for help in winning a national election, or taking down one of our own, is treason. Republicans will not want to admit that they nominated someone willing to commit treason.Asking hackers, who engage in illegal activity in order to obtain what they want, could be considered treason as well. So Trump has a history of seeking illegal means to take down anybody he doesn t like, and he likes neither Obama nor Hillary. In fact, he s sick and disgusting.But don t tell him that asking hackers, foreign and domestic, looks bad. In his warped dimension, he s just doing what needs to be done.Featured image by Gustavo Caballero/Getty Images",0
5299, Marco Rubio Comes Out Of Mothballs To Issue Dumbest Statement On Trump Yet,"Marco Rubio, who is now working doggedly to keep his mostly-empty Senate seat, actually has something new to say about Donald Trump. He s drunk the Kool-Aid, but it must have been an especially strong cup of it, because his statement actually makes Trump and the RNC look worse than ever, if that s possible.Trump must learn about an awful lot if he s going to be president   considerably more than most other presidential candidates in our history. Rubio said: As he settles into this role as the nominee and ultimately the president, access to these issues is going to begin to, in some ways, kind of shape some of the policy positions given reality versus perhaps what you might read about on a blog somewhere. Har de har har don t make us laugh too hard. It hurts. And on top of that, the stupid here just burns. Sure, nobody s born knowing how to be President, and all of them have things to learn as they go along. Trump, though, has shown zero interest in learning anything at all and Rubio knows that. This is the man who said, at a presser just this morning, that he s never had a second thought. This is the man who said his best foreign policy adviser is himself. This is the man that emailed foreign governments for campaign donations.This is the man who called on Russia to help him win this election: Russia, if you re listening, I hope you re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing. I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press. Despite all that, here s Rubio, now saying that Donald Trump will learn once he s elected. He s completely forgotten that Trump gets a lot of his news from sites like The Drudge Report and Alex Jones  InfoWars. Just how strong was that Kool-Aid, anyway? It s a wonder Rubio doesn t suffer some kind of poisoning from it. Trump will never accept sane advisers, because sane advisers won t tell him what he wants to hear.Rubio is in a close race in Florida. The #NeverTrump crowd could decide to sit out the vote over this, or vote for Democrat Patrick Murphy. Considering that Trump might be  a moment of reckoning  for Republican candidates and the party as a whole, defending Trump by saying it s perfectly okay if he learns once he s elected, when he s proven time and again that he s certain he already knows everything imaginable, is pretty stupid. Buh-bye, Marco.Featured image by Angel Valentin/Getty Images",0
5300, Trump Proves He Has No Idea How The Minimum Wage Works,"Donald Trump is known for changing his mind, and today he did an about face on the minimum wage. Despite the fact that he had previously said that wages were  too high  already, he now says that he thinks the minimum wage should be raised to $10 an hour.Fox News anchor Bill O Reilly pressed the Republican nominee on Tuesday, explaining to him that  there has to be a federal minimum wage.  Initially, Trump just didn t seem to get it. There doesn t have to be,  Trump said.  I would leave it and raise it somewhat. You need to help people. I know it s not very Republican to say.  Trump just kind of goes with the flow, doesn t he? He just makes it up as he goes along. After all, this is the man that changed his stance on abortion four times in three days. The only thing he can stand firm on when it comes to policies is banning Muslims and building his stupid wall.Featured image via Sara D. Davis/Getty Images",0
5301, WATCH: Donald Trump Tells Russia To Commit Espionage Against America And CNN NAILS Him For It,"Once again, the Republican Party should be embarrassed that Donald Trump is their nominee.During a press conference on Wednesday, Trump answered questions about his ties to Russia and Vladamir Putin. He denied it, of course, but openly urged Russia to commit an act of espionage against Hillary Clinton and the United States Government.First, Trump condemned the hack of the DNC that gave him ammunition to use against Democrats   and then he urged Russia to do even more. Russia, if you re listening, I hope you re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing,  Trump said.  I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press. Here s the video via YouTube.Well, the media certainly did not  reward  Trump for calling upon Russia to continue their cyber attacks against Hillary Clinton and our government institutions.David Gregory compared Trump to a  child playing with matches  and said he has run out of words to express his shock at the things Trump says and does.CNN panelist Christine Quinn ripped Trump a new one for urging Russia to continue the attack against his political opponent. The man who thinks he s going to be the president of the United States stood in front of the world and called on Russia and Putin to hack the emails of the former Secretary of State. I mean, it s honestly, and I know I m partisan in this clearly, but it s almost treasonous! Former Republican South Carolina Lt. Governor Andre Bauer responded by going even further than Quinn by claiming Clinton committed treason outright because 30,000 emails went missing. But if that s the case, former President Bush should have been tried and imprisoned for treason years ago when millions of emails were deleted during his administration. Bauer also didn t seem to have a single problem with what Trump said and defended him.Here s the video via YouTube.The bottom line is that Donald Trump just told a repressive Russian regime to continue hacking a former high-tanking government official who could very well be the next president of the United States. This hack is a serious breach in national security and Trump is egging it on as long as it helps him gain politically.It s treason and those who commit treason are not allowed to hold office in this country.This is outrageous and shows that Republicans are totally incapable to leading this nation and only further solidifies the fear that Donald Trump would be nothing more than Putin s puppet if he wins in November.Featured image via screen capture",0
5302," WATCH: Donald Trump Flip-Flops, Says He Never Met Russian Dictator Putin","Donald Trump is in bed with the Russians and he knows it. Why else would he hide his taxes and claim that he has never met Putin despite once claiming that he had?Earlier this week, reports began surfacing about the Republican nominee s various ties to Russian oligarchs who are aligned with Vladamir Putin, which only gained more credibility after experts found that the hackers who broke into the DNC and stole emails came from Russia.Many of Trump s own campaign advisers also have close ties to Russia and Putin has directed the state-owned media to support Trump s campaign. All of this suggests that Trump would be nothing more than Putin s puppet should he win in November.Trump, of course, denied that he has ever met Putin during an interview with CBS4 Miami.He denied having financial ties to Russian businessmen, even though he has borrowed money from them to the tune of millions of dollars because banks here in the United States are smart enough to know not to give loans to Trump and he denied ever meeting Putin. I have nothing to do with Russia, nothing to do, I never met Putin, I have nothing to do with Russia whatsoever,  Trump claimed.Here s the video via CBS.That must be news to Donald Trump Jr., who told a real estate conference in 2008 that  Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets. We see a lot of money pouring in from Russia. Furthermore, Trump claimed he met Putin during a primary debate. I got to know him very well because we were both on 60 Minutes, we were stablemates,  he said.Trump has also previously declined to say if he has personally met Putin.He also tried to become Putin s new best friend back in 2013.Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow   if so, will he become my new best friend?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 19, 2013Trump is continuing to hide his tax returns from the American public because he knows that they show damning evidence that he has deep ties to Russian oligarchs who are aligned with Vladamir Putin. The audit he claims to be going through is absolutely NOT a good excuse because an audit does not prevent anyone from releasing their taxes. That s just a fact. It s also a fact that Donald Trump just pulled a Mitt Romney and flip-flopped.Featured image via Ron Jenkins/Getty Images",0
5303," Trump Will Not Be Releasing His Tax Returns, And George Will Knows Why"," It has nothing to do with Russia. That s the story the Trump campaign is sticking to. Paul Manafort, Trump s dictator-protecting campaign manager, has doubled down: we are not releasing his tax returns. The reason? His taxes are under audit, so they can t (even though the head of the IRS completely debunked that claim on live national television).For months Democrats and even Republicans have been hounding the  billionaire  mogul to release his tax returns, a standard that every presidential hopeful has met over the last several decades. But Trump seems to be the only one who will not do it. Even Romney, after enough prodding, did it.There s several theories as to why he won t release them. The first is that they will show he s not actually a billionaire. Another is that it will show he has overvalued his properties (which has already been shown he has) and his businesses. The third option is that it will show he paid virtually nothing in taxes, certainly not his fair share.And the fourth (and now most plausible theory): he has ties to Russian interests/oligarchs. That s the theory of conservative columnist George Will. Given that the FBI has a strong case linking Russia to the DNC email hack, and Trump s campaign manager has close ties to Russia, and that Trump has business dealings with the authoritarian country, that theory seems to stick in people s mind. And it should.Trump has been a serial liar throughout this campaign. He s had the audacity to say Hillary Clinton has  taken money  from countries that kill gays and women. But the evidence is starting to show it is Trump who has taken not only taken money, but has offered his soul to a country that also kills gays, women, and anyone who dares to dissent (remember the Winter Olympics controversy)?For a man who claims he wants American sovereignty and autonomy, he certainly has no problem letting his buddies at the Kremlin determine our political discourse.Of course Will s speculation is just that   speculation. But it does raise the question that Trump s refusal to release his tax returns and his love and shady dealings with Russia and Putin may be more than what meets the eye.Like Trump University, this story won t be going away anytime soon. And the Democrats certainly won t be letting it go.This election, it s Trump/Putin 2016.Featured image via Sara D. Davis/Getty Images",0
5304, This Scary Message From Obama Is Why EVERYONE Needs To Vote For Hillary (VIDEO),"When Donald Trump first announced that he was running for the White House, no one took him seriously. We all laughed and joked about it, thinking it might be entertaining to watch his train wreck of a campaign for a few months before the other candidates left him in the dust. We watched him make racist, misogynistic, hateful remarks and didn t think he would last, but here we are  he managed to become the Republican nominee. Recognizing that we need to do something about that, President Barack Obama has a message for Americans.In an interview with TODAY s Savannah Guthrie, Obama doubled down on the dangers of Trump getting into the White House. Several months ago, it seemed that Obama was brushing off Trump s campaign just like the rest of us, but that has all changed as we near the general election. When asked if Trump could win, Obama didn t sugarcoat it for Americans when he said,  anything is possible Obama s comments didn t come without a few jabs at The Donald, as the President hammered the business mogul for being a pathological liar. Obama said, He is someone that likes attention, he surprised himself that he got this far. As far as the threat of living under a President Trump, Obama said, I ve seen all kinds of crazy stuff happen  but overall stressed that  America is resilient. But just because America might survive 4-8 years of Donald Trump does not mean that we should give him the chance to undo all of our progress and threaten our country s future. Obama stressed the importance of electing Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in November, and urged all Democratic voters to take this election very seriously. Obama said: So, my advice to Democrats   and I don t have to give this advice to Hillary Clinton, because she already knows it   is you stay worried until all those those votes are cast and counted because you know, one of the dangers in an election like this is that people don t take the challenge seriously. They stay home. And we end up getting the unexpected. You can watch Obama s interview below:Obama s comments to voters reflect the tone of the Democratic National Convention this week, as voters are urged to stay hungry and keep working hard right up to November. For the voters that are upset that Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders was not selected as the nominee, Obama s message is especially for them. We can t afford to be upset. We can t afford to be so upset that we sit this election out. The stakes are too high. We cannot give our country to a sociopath and bigot like Donald Trump because he will destroy it. Regardless of who you voted for in the primaries, we need to move on and do everything to prevent Trump from getting into the White House. Every vote for Clinton counts.Featured image is a screenshot",0
5305, WATCH: The Amazing Moment That Made Bernie Cry At The Convention,"Bernie Sanders had an amazingly touching moment at the 2016 Democratic Convention that brought the usually stoic Vermont senator to tears. During the roll call of the states to cast their official delegate votes for the presidential nomination, the usual procedure was disrupted when the Democrats Abroad delegation was up for a vote.Bernie Sanders  brother, Larry, was part of the Democrats Abroad group, which is comprised of voters who live overseas. The delegation held back one of their votes after making their official submissions for Clinton and Sanders.Larry Sanders was designated as the person who would deliver the final vote, and he launched into a speech about the parents of the Sanders brothers. I want to read for this convention the names of our parents, Eli Sanders, and Dorothy Glassberg Sanders. They did not have easy lives, and they died young. They would be immensely proud of their son and his accomplishments. They loved him. They loved the New Deal of Franklin Roosevelt and would be especially proud that Bernard is renewing that vision. It is with enormous pride that I cast my vote for Bernie Sanders! The tearful statement was greeted with loud cheers and applause from convention goers. Sanders was later featured as Vermont made the last vote in the roll call, as he called for a vote by acclamation to declare Hillary Clinton the nominee. The motion was accepted, and Clinton became the first woman in American history to be a presidential nominee of one of the two major parties.Larry is Sanders  older brother and has lived in Oxford, England since the 1960s. He is active in UK politics and has served as a spokesperson for the Green Party of England and Wales. He ran for a seat in the 2015 British election, but came in fifth.Featured image via YouTube",0
5306," Mothers Of The Movement Bring DNC To Tears, So Right-Wing Racists Come Out In Droves (VIDEO)","The second day of the Democratic National Convention took an emotional turn when a group of black women, whose children s lives were lost long before their time, stepped on the stage and began to tell their heartbreaking stories and say emphatically: Black Lives Matter.The room hushed as Mothers of the Movement told of their children and the violent ways they had left this earth. Geneva Reed-Veal (mother of Sandra Bland), Lucia Bath (Jordan Davis) and Sybrina Fulton (Trayvon Martin) explained to the crowd of delegates why they were standing there in front of them, somewhere they never expected to be. Their stories brought the DNC to tears. You don t stop being a parent when your child dies. I am still Jordan Davis s mother. His life ended the day he was shot and killed for playing loud music. But my job as his mother didn t,  Bath said. I lived in fear my son would die like this. I even warned him that because he was a young, black man, he would meet people who didn t value his life,  she said.  That is a conversation no parent should ever have to have. So naturally, right-wing racists came out in droves.@Tyronem07172460 @RedPillTweets The  mothers of the movement  are a freaking joke. a group of idiots who didnt raised their kids properly.  Mauricio (@Shelby14_02) July 27, 2016There aren t any #FathersOfTheMovement. They all ran out!#MothersoftheMovement  Donald Bateman (@NationalismRise) July 27, 2016LMAOOOO, they have Mothers of the Movement on stage. AKA, women who raised their sons to beat, fight with, shoot, or aim at police & ppl.  Dav (@DavosFox118) July 27, 2016Mothers of the movement or should I say Mothers of the Racist Hate Group Black Lives Matter  Trever Talley (@trever_talley) July 27, 2016#MothersoftheMovement If they actually cared about their kids, they would be still alive. No sympathy from me. #FunctioningIlliterates.  DNC IS CORRUPT (@PCiscancerous) July 27, 2016Mother of victims of police violence? they must not have done a great job raising them  Mothers of the Movement #DemConvention  rewrite omitted#7089 (@JohnFict) July 27, 2016Despite the reactions of bigots, the stories of these grieving mothers are as powerful as they are heartwrenching. The inclusion Mothers of the Movement at the DNC is proof that the Democratic party and Hillary Clinton do believe Black Lives Matter.You can watch these mothers give their moving speech here: [youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eW8_tr3JCEk]Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5307, WATCH: Fox News Host DEFENDS Slavery In Bizarre Rant,"Fox News  most popular prime time host, Bill O Reilly, responded to First Lady Michelle Obama s speech at the 2016 Democratic Convention and ended up defending the practice of slavery.Responding to Mrs. Obama s comment during her address that she lived in a White House  built by slaves,  O Reilly referred to himself as a  history teacher  and argued that the slaves who worked on the White House were  well fed  and  had decent lodgings provided by the government. O Reilly also said in his commentary,  Michelle Obama is essentially correct in citing slaves as builders of the White House, but there were others working as well. In the day after Obama s speech, other conservatives amazingly criticized the First Lady, trying to play  gotcha  on her remarks   which were actually a positive statement about America, pointing out the progress from slavery to a black First Family.The fact-checking site Politifact even had to release a report in response to these conservative complaints, including some who said the building was not worked on by slaves. They rated the First Lady s speech as  True. Journalist Jesse J. Holland also discussed the role of slaves in building the White House in his 2016 book, The Invisibles: The Untold Story of African American Slaves in the White House. With the invention of steam shovels still several years away, these slaves dug for the clay on site with hand shovels, working day and night to get the raw material to the skilled brick makers and at the same time, opening up ground on the site for the space that would become the White House s foundation and cellar,  Holland wrote. The identity of these slaves and where they came from has been lost, he wrote.Obama s statement is  true,  Holland told PolitiFact.The Obamas have driven the conservative movement crazy. No matter what they are for, the right finds a way to support the opposite. Even the indefensible.Featured image via screen capture",0
5308, WATCH: Eva Longoria Kicks Trump’s A** On Behalf Of Latinos Everywhere,"Donald Trump got his ass handed to him by a Texas treasure.While many, including myself, focused on Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders at the Democratic National Convention on Monday, Eva Longoria delivered a smackdown of Donald Trump we all missed.The actress, who is of Mexican-American heritage, took aim at the Republican nominee for his racist attacks against Latinos, particularly Mexicans, whom Trump called  rapists  and  criminals. Like many of you, this election is very personal to me,  Longoria said during her speech.  I m from a small town in South Texas and if you know your history, Texas used to be part of Mexico. Now, I m ninth generation American. My family never crossed a border, the border crossed us. According to PBS:The Longoria family s roots in Texas run back to a time before Texas even existed. Lorenzo Longoria, Eva s first ancestor to arrive in the New World, sailed from Spain in 1603. Through the generations, Lorenzo s descendants moved north to the modern US-Mexico border. In 1767, Pedro Longoria, Eva s 7th great-grandfather, received almost 4000 acres along the Rio Grande in a land grant from the King of Spain. This land stayed in the family for over a century, enduring even the influx of Anglo settlers in the aftermath of the Civil War.In short, Eva Longoria s family has been in America far longer than Donald Trump s. His grandfather Frederick Trump immigrated to this country in 1885. Longoria s family could have retreated south to stay in Mexico if they had wanted to do so. But they chose to stay in America and that is where their allegiance has stayed ever since.Speaking of Trump, Longoria dedicated the next part of her speech to ripping him a new one for insulting just about everyone. When Donald Trump calls us criminals and rapists, he s insulting American families. My father is not a criminal or rapist; in fact, he s a United States veteran. When Trump cruelly mocked a disabled reporter, he was also mocking my special-needs sister Lisa and many like her. When he said that a wife who works is a very dangerous thing, he not only insulted me, he insulted my mother who worked as a special-education teacher for 40 years and raised four children while being a wife. Here s the video via YouTube.That s right. Donald Trump characterizes a man who fought for this country as a  criminal  even though he himself dodged the draft during the Vietnam War. Pathetic.Has anyone else noticed that Donald Trump is getting his ass handed to him on a regular basis by a lot of strong women? Because if that trend continues it means he s going to have a seriously bad day on Election Day.Featured image via screenshot",0
5309," Loser Donald Trump Ordered To Pay $300,000 By Judge In Florida Lawsuit","The only reality show Donald Trump should have ever been featured in is The Biggest Loser because he just got his ass handed to him in court.Two years ago, Trump National Doral Miami golf resort signed a contract worth $200,000 for a local business called The Paint Spot to provide paint used to renovate the golf course.Well, guess who tried to stiff The Paint Spot of the final $34,863 payment in the deal?Yeah, that would be Republican nominee Donald J. Trump.Trump and his company refused to honor the contract by not paying the final payment, saying that they ve  paid enough  for the paint. In other words, Trump negotiated a deal that ended up costing him more in the end, just like the kinds of deals he wants to negotiate for America with the rest of the world.Anyway, Paint Spot owner Juan Carlos Enriquez filed suit against Trump in court, and Judge Jorge Cueto just slapped Trump and his company with a $300,000 hit to cover The Paint Shop s attorney and court fees, nearly ten times more money than the $34,863 owed. And Trump STILL hasn t paid that debt, so how are we supposed to trust him to pay down the debt of en entire nation if he can t meet his own obligations? I m happy I have a judgment,  Enriquez told the Miami Herald.  But he [Trump] hasn t paid yet. You know how he says he ll surround himself with the greatest people if he is president? In this case, he might not be surrounded by the right people. This isn t even the first fine Trump has been ordered to pay this month.On the same day as his coronation as the Republican Party nominee last week, the National Labor Relations Board slapped Trump with an $11,200 fine for treating employees like shit because they tried to join a labor union.As it turns out, one employee was wrongfully fired and the other was retaliated against by denying them the promotion they had earned.For someone who claims to be the  law and order  candidate, Trump sure does break the law a lot.Featured Image: Christopher Furlong/Getty Images",0
5310, Hillary Clinton Is Officially The Democratic Nominee For President Of The United States,"History has been made (once again) in the United States. Hillary Rodham Clinton after decades in public service, has been officially nominated as the first female candidate for President of the United States from a major political party.Sending Secretary Clinton over the 2,383 vote necessary was South Dakota, which awarded 15 delegates to Clinton and 10 to Senator Bernie Sanders, who delivered the acclamation that officially cemented Clinton s nomination.Clinton walked away with 2,838 to Sanders 1,843. Vermont, which had passed, allowed a final tribute to Sanders, before walking off the convention floor.Just 96 years ago, women (some of them) were given the right to vote. It wasn t until 1965 when ALL women were truly given the right to vote, freely and democratically. And today, July 26th 2016, a woman has been nominated to take on a rampant sexist and misogynist.Today is a day America should celebrate.To celebrate this truly historic day, the strongest, most successful women in American politics will speak, including Nancy Pelosi, the first female Speaker of the House, Cecile Richards of Planned Parenthood, Barbara Boxer (Senator from California) as well as a plethora of female Representatives such as Lois Frankel and Kathrine Clark, and feminist activist Lena Dunham.Clinton responded on Twitter with a moving tribute dedicated to little girls all across America:This moment is for every little girl who dreams big. #WeMadeHistoryhttps://t.co/DRAJuUUhOr  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 26, 2016Today women all across the country can rejoice in one thing: the highest, hardest glass ceiling has been smashed (sorry Sarah Palin, you didn t make it).Onward to November, where a strong, determined woman will take down a thin skinned, vile xenophobe. Trump has made it his mission to demean anyone (including women) who stand in his way.Hillary Clinton will knock him down, and the door will hit him on the way out.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5311, No Longer Just Suspicion: Experts Trace DNC Hacker Back To Russian Internet Server,"Rumors that the DNC hack was tied to Russia have been swirling for several days, but now, this is no longer just a mere suspicion. Researchers with ThreatConnect, who specialize in cyber security, have traced the hacker back to a Russian internet server.According to the Arlington, Va. based ThreatConnect, Guccifer 2.0, the DNC Hacker who has described himself/herself as Romanian, has been linked to a Russian internet server and a digital address that has been associated with various Russian online scams. Guccifer 2.0 is not thought to be a sophisticated hacker. Researchers with ThreatCOnnect believe it is more likely that this is propaganda by a group of people working with the Russian government in an effort to take attention off Moscow as the actual force behind the DNC hack. Now, after further investigation, we can confirm that Guccifer 2.0 is using the Russia-based Elite VPN service to communicate and leak documents directly with the media. We reached this conclusion by analyzing the infrastructure associated with an email exchange with Guccifer 2.0 shared with ThreatConnect by Vocativ s Senior Privacy and Security reporter Kevin Collier. This discovery strengthens our ongoing assessment that Guccifer 2.0 is a Russian propaganda effort and not an independent actor. The experts with ThreatConnect are the first to trace the self-proclaimed hacker back to Russia.Rich Barger, ThreatConnect s chief intelligence officer, reiterated his believe that the party responsible was not a  sophisticated hacker  when speaking with The Daily Beast. These are bureaucrats, not sophisticated hackers,  he insisted. Barger backed up his assessment up with the following:Republican nominee Donald Trump has had an ongoing bromance with Russian president, Vladimir Putin. Many have said they believe that the DNC hack and subsequent email dump were an attempt by Putin to help out his billionaire buddy s bid for the presidency.Featured image via Lintao Zhang/Getty Images",0
5312, Even The Dad Of Pro-Trump Act ‘USA Freedom Kids’ Plans To Sue Campaign,"The U.S.A. Freedom Kids performed at a rally for Donald Trump in Florida last January and played a song containing  lyrics which were terrifying   unless you re pro-war.  After that, the kids were a hit, featured at media appearances, with the three pre-teen girls even telling Inside Edition that Donald told them that he planned to listen to their CD all night long. However, that cozy relationship has changed since then.The father of one of the Freedom Kids, Jeff Popick, who authored  Freedom s Call,   told The Washington Post Monday that he is planning to file a lawsuit against the Trump campaign for violating its agreement with the group. This is not a billion-dollar lawsuit,  Popick told the Post.  I m doing this because I think they have to do the right thing. And if this means having to go through the court system to enforce them doing the right thing, then that s what I have to do. I m not looking to do battle with the Trump campaign, but I have to show my girls that this is the right thing. Popick said that promises were made by various agents of the Trump campaign.It started in Pensacola. When Popick first reached out to the Trump campaign about performing, he spoke with various people including former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. His understanding from the campaign was that the Kids would make two appearances in Florida, where Popick lives. The first event didn t come to fruition, and Popick says he asked for $2,500 in payment for the second performance, in Pensacola. The campaign made a counter-offer: How about a table where the group could presell albums? Popick took the deal.After arriving at the venue, the group found that there was no table, and he said it ended in  complete chaos,   adding,  They clearly had made no provisions for that. Afterward, Popick attempted to contact the Trump campaign to no avail. Popick said money was spent on promotional material for the table, which never existed. In addition, Popick said he lost several promotional opportunities over the confusion with his relationship with the campaign.After Donald opted not to be featured during the Fox News debate due to friction with the network, a Trump campaign representative called Popick to see if the Freedom Kids might perform. Popick   tell me if this sounds familiar   was promised that there would be  huge  exposure for the kids from the event, so an agreement was made.The Freedom Kids and their parents flew out to Iowa only to find a message from the campaign saying there was a change of plan. The performers attended the rally but were told not to talk to the media. They just were constantly coming over, wanting pictures,  Popick said of the news media.  They wanted to take pictures, they wanted to ask questions   and I had to be a real jerk.  In the end, the trip, flights, rental car and hotel were all paid by Popick.After that, he kept reaching out  again and again and again and again,  without luck. He was passed around between staffers; calls went unreturned even after calls were promised. Emails Popick sent to the campaign (which he shared with The Post) detail the interaction between himself and the campaign and his ultimate request.  We are now asking and DEMANDING for what has been promised to us and is now long-overdue (and has been rightly earned by us); that is, a performance at the convention,  an email dated July 9 reads.  Or, be made whole. These are guys that insist they re straight shooters,  Popick said. I ve invested a lot of time, effort, money,  he continued,  and it s just been complete silence. Popick has consulted with an attorney who believes that he has a very strong case.Popick was a fan of the reality show star-turned GOP nominee but he s not so sure anymore. At this point, my position is that I have no position, really,  Popick said.  What he s done to my group or what he s not done for my group doesn t necessarily make him the best candidate, it doesn t make him the worst candidate. I still have to mull that over. He might still be the best candidate as president of the United States   or not. This whole story sounds familiar. It sounds like the Trump  University  scam. We re not sure what Mr. Popick has to mull over. If a person is ripping off your kid, then you wouldn t normally cast a vote for them but we re not going to tell the father of the Freedom Kids how to freedom.Stand in line, Mr. Popick. Donald has been involved in 3,500 lawsuits.Featured image via via screen capture. ",0
5313, Five Cops Handcuff Dr. Dre At His Home Because A Racist White Guy Claimed He Had A Gun (VIDEO),"If Dr. Dre were a white guy the police would have treated him totally differently.But because the legendary rapper is black and some white asshole looking for revenge claimed Dre brandished a gun during a confrontation, police officers swarmed the outside of his own home, slapped handcuffs on him and detained him in a police car.A white motorist was parked in front of Dr. Dre s home in Malibu on Monday when the musician returned. The driver was blocking Dr. Dre s driveway so he asked him to move his vehicle so he could pull in. Rolling Stone reports that the driver complied but yelled at Dr. Dre and hurled curse words at him as he drove off. Rather than move on, the angry white driver returned to the same spot to block the driveway again. Dr. Dre took out his cell phone and began recording the incident. The motorist reportedly said  Here we go again. Another black guy with a gun  and called police claiming that a black man pulled a gun on him.In response, several police officers showed up to harass the unarmed rapper. Due to the nature of the call, the person was searched, handcuffed, and briefly detained in a patrol car while deputies investigated the incident,  Sheriff s Captain Chris Reed said.Here s video of Dr. Dre being handcuffed via YouTube.Despite not finding a gun, the accuser insisted on making a citizen s arrest and filled out a report.Again, look at all the white cops surrounding Dr. Dre, a man who simply wanted to pull his vehicle into his driveway and not be harassed by an angry white guy.Dr. Dre should not only sue the guy for everything he owns, he should sue the police for not arresting the racist who lied to police about him supposedly having a gun.If Dr. Dre were a white guy, the white driver never would have accused him of having a gun and the police certainly would have treated the situation differently. There was absolutely no reason to handcuff Dr. Dre. He was complying. He did nothing wrong. But they chose to humiliate him anyway by treating him like the bad guy instead of questioning whether the white accuser was full of shit. Last time I checked, using a cell phone is NOT a crime. Filing a false report, however, definitely is.Featured image via screen capture",0
5314, Former George W. Bush Attorney Jumps Ship From The Sinking Republican Party,"Yet another Republican is leaving the party in protest of Donald Trump.Donald Trump is doing more to destroy the Republican Party from within than Democrats have ever done simply by being the sane party of the two.Ever since it became clear that Trump would be the Republican nominee several Republicans have left the party in disgust. The most prominent member of the exodus thus far has been conservative columnist George Will, who has loathed Trump for months before finally cutting ties with the party he had been a part of for many years.Just last week, a Texas Republican who had been with the party for his whole life resigned with an epic letter to the local party chair in his district, refusing to be  one of the good Nazis. On Monday, a Utah Republican state senator also called it quits with the party.And now a former US Attorney appointed by George W. Bush just told the Republican Party to go f*ck themselves via Facebook.In the now-deleted post, Marcos Daniel Jimenez wrote that he can t stand being in the  party of hate  any longer. This has not been easy to write, and I ve thought a lot about it. God has blessed me and my family beyond our dreams. I ve had the privilege and honor to see my brother work for Governor Jeb Bush, to be appointed to a Senate-confirmed office by President George W. Bush, and see my brother also appointed to a Senate-confirmed office by the same president. But I have decided that I will no longer be associated in any way with a party that is led by a bigoted, dangerous demagogue and that has become a party dominated by fear, anger and hate. Republicans should make no mistake about this. You now clearly belong to the party of hate   you are supporting a strongman who believes all of that. This is not good news for the Republican Party but they only have themselves to blame.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
5315, Cory Booker’s Response To Donald Trump Insult PROVES Democrats Are Better Than Republicans (VIDEO),"While Republicans constantly shove their judgmental fingers in people s faces over some perverted and hate-filled idea of Christianity, Democratic Senator Cory Booker showed that real Christianity is about love and compassion with his response to a pretty typical Donald Trump twitter insult.Here s the video:It all began after Booker s speech at the Democratic National Convention. Booker had the gall to call Trump out for mocking a disabled reporter.Trump, who insulted all the speakers, had some unkind words about the New Jersey Senator   in a tweet, of course:If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2016Rather than escalating into a Twitter war, Booker took to CNN to reply that he loves Donald Trump, just not his policies. I love Donald Trump,  Booker said Tuesday on CNN s  New Day.   I don t want to answer his hate with hate. I m going to answer it with love. I m not going to answer his darkness with darkness. He wants us to be speculating. It sounds so sinister,  he told CNN s Chris Cuomo and Alisyn Camerota.  I don t care, I love you Donald. I pray for you. I hope that you find some kindness in your heart, that you re not going to be somebody that spews out insults to your political opposition, that you re going to find some way to love. Source: CNNThat Trump love doesn t mean Booker will be supporting the billionaire. I love you. I just don t want him to be my president. I don t want you to have the White House to be spewing that kind of mean-spirited hate that doesn t even belong in a playground sandbox,  he said.He also said that while he ll keep on spreading love instead of hate, Trump s  vitriol, that kind of meanness has no place in the presidency. He challenged Trump to  Bring it on! Here s the video:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5316," Racist Trump Supporter LOSES IT On The Subway, Attacks Woman For Being Black (VIDEO)","Donald Trump has created nothing but division in our country, and amplified every racists  fear that they might lose all their white privileges if minorities are actually given equal opportunities and treated with respect. This couldn t have been more apparent than in a shocking video that was taken on Brooklyn s L train over the weekend.In the video below, a man in a white suit and top hat yells profanities at an African American woman, calling her  C*nt  over and over again, as well as  fat.  What did she do to deserve this disgusting, misogynistic attack? Nothing, except sit down on the last seat on the train.But this man wasn t just a misogynist, the attack also became racially motivated, as he continues to yell the C-word and eventually says put that back in the f*** fields where they belong.  This behavior makes it completely predictable that he would stop attacking this woman for a second to yell at the top of his lungs,  DONALD TRUMP 2016! As soon as this childish passenger reveals that he s a Trump supporter, the black woman he d been attacking understands that she s not dealing with a sane human being and says  reveal exactly who you are.  Which of course only makes this man-child more furious as he yells, among several other things: Calm for me b***, you sitting down there b***. At one point, a woman who seemed to know the rabid racist was embarrassed by him and tried to calm him down by saying, Les! That s enough. All the black woman could do in response to this attack was wonder what everyone else on the train was probably thinking: Are you five years old? This encounter finally ended when the Trump supporter got off the train at Jefferson St. station.The video is only 2 minutes long, but it s more than enough to get the sense that Trump supporters are likely the most dangerous, illogical people on the planet right now. You can watch this disgusting Trump lover attack a woman for basically doing nothing below (warning: graphic language):Featured image is a screenshot",0
5317," Al Gore Silences Critics, Gives Full-Throated Endorsement Of Clinton","Now that the Democratic National Convention has rocked the house on its first day, media is reporting heavily on the power plays that were Michelle Obama, Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders and Cory Booker.But overshadowed was a telling endorsement not picked up by the media.Al Gore, who served as Vice President under President Bill Clinton and subsequently had his 2000 election victory stolen from a partisan Supreme Court, expressed support for presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton just hours before the Democratic National Convention.Writing on Facebook, Gore stressed his support for Clinton for her record on environmentalism: I am not able to attend this year s Democratic convention, but I will be voting for Hillary Clinton. Given her qualifications and experience   and given the significant challenges facing our nation and the world, including, especially, the global climate crisis, I encourage everyone else to do the same. Gore became one of the last prominent Democrats to endorse Clinton, who clinched the delegates necessary to win in June.It should come as no shock that Gore supports Clinton over Donald Trump, who believes climate change was an invention by the Chinese and drilling in the arctic is A-OK.Gore remained honorably neutral during the course of the Democratic primary, insisting he would not endorse until a candidate was chosen. It should also be noted that Gore did the same thing in 2008, and subsequently endorsed President Obama when Clinton dropped out, and Gore also skipped the 2012 convention.Tomorrow Hillary Clinton will become, officially, the nominee for President of the United States. She now has the support of those who served before her   Jimmy Carter, her husband, Bill, President and Michelle Obama, and yes, Al Gore.Now ask Trump who supports him.Mr. Vice President, thank you for voicing your support for the next President of the United States of America.Featured image via Neilson Barnard/Getty Images",0
5318, NY Daily News Devotes Most Brilliant Cover Yet To Michelle Obama: ‘The Lady Is HER Champ!’ (IMAGE),"Michelle Obama is one of the most beloved First Ladies we ve ever seen. She is a brilliant wife, mother, champion of the people, and, of course, public speaker. This last talent was never more on display than Monday night during her brilliant command of the stage on the opening night of the 2016 Democratic National Convention. It was a dazzling speech   and let s face it   a much-needed one on a day that began fueled by anger surrounding the leak of the Wikileaks emails that seemed to indict some officials in the Democratic National Committee of wanting to conspire to undermine the campaign of Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders during the Democratic Primary.Let s be honest   we have different wings of our party. We have traditional, moderate, rank and file Democrats a la the Clintons and the Obamas. We have rank and file Democrats that are a bit further to the left and generally identify as pragmatic progressives, a la Elizabeth Warren (I personally fall into this camp). Then, we have the hard left people who are hardline progressives, many of whom don t even identify as Democrats and aren t registered as such a la Bernie Sanders. However, despite these differences in positions, at the end of the day, we re all left wingers. Michelle Obama made us remember that better than anyone on Monday night, and she used her brilliance and penchant for bringing people together and lifting them up to give an amazing, full-throated endorsement of Hillary Clinton to be the next President of the United States. Her speech was so inspiring that the New York Daily News gave the First Lady her own cover, declaring her the champion of Hillary Clinton. Here is the cover, complete with Hillary s now iconic  H  logo, sent out via their Twitter account late Monday night:STOP THE PRESSES! New front  THE LADY IS HER CHAMP@FLOTUS speech brings down the house https://t.co/Vs2SmZ9m6z pic.twitter.com/G3VmZzk8Fe  New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) July 26, 2016Hopefully, all of the amazing speakers on Monday night can convince the reachable Bernie supporters that Hillary Clinton is the best choice for President in 2016   including the brilliant and passionate case laid out by Senator Sanders himself. Let s follow in the footsteps of our leaders and vote blue in November!Featured image via screen capture from Twitter",0
5319, WATCH: Michelle Obama DESTROYS Donald Trump With Just A Few Words,"First Lady Michelle Obama brought the house down at the 2016 Democratic Convention in Philadelphia, using her section of the prime time broadcast to directly take on Republican nominee Donald Trump.In her final convention appearance as the sitting First Lady, Mrs. Obama said: Don t let anyone ever tell you that this country isn t great, that somehow we need to make it great again. Because this right now, is the greatest country on earth. That was, of course, a direct swipe at Donald Trump s slogan where he has promised to  make America great again. .@FLOTUS: ""Don't let anybody ever tell you this country isn't great"" https://t.co/DD977hsyqQ #DemsinPhilly https://t.co/MTU1qI5p6A  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) July 26, 2016She also pointed out that American voters deserve a President who understands that complex issues  can t be boiled down to 140 characters,  a reference to Donald Trump s reliance (addiction?) to Twitter, his chosen way of communicating.The statement was followed by a full-throated endorsement of Hillary Clinton, as Mrs. Obama told the audience to  get to work  because  we need to knock on every door  in order to  pour every last ounce of our passion and our strength and our love for this country into electing Hillary Clinton as President of the United States of America. The First Lady also echoed one of the slogans associated with Clinton s campaign, noting that  I m with her  in the upcoming election.She also pointed out to the audience in the stadium and watching at home, that her own life was an example of the American ideal.  I wake up every morning in a house that was built by slaves,  Mrs. Obama said, also adding that her daughters as black women were a part of the amazing American story.During her time as First Lady, Mrs. Obama has remained a very popular figure even as the President has gone up and down in approval. Along with Hillary Clinton, she was ranked among the ten most admired women in the world by the Gallup poll in its most recent survey on the topic in late 2015.Featured image via Twitter",0
5320, WATCH: Utah Republican Leaves GOP After Disappointing GOP Convention Nominates Trump,"If this keeps up there won t be enough Republicans left to justify the existence of the party.Utah GOP state Senator Mark Madsen attended the Republican National Convention last week and witnessed his state make every effort to keep Donald Trump from becoming the nominee. But they failed, and Trump gave a gloom and doom acceptance speech formally making him the leader of a party coming apart at the seams.In the wake of the disappointing convention, Madsen decided that the time was right to bolt from the Republican Party because  every decision and inclination I had before was reinforced. Although Madsen claims that Trump s nomination isn t what ultimately changed his mind, it s kind of hard to believe that it wasn t a factor. After all, the longtime Utah Republican has concerns about Trump s inexperience.In fact, Madsen bizarrely claimed that he is leaving the party because it is somehow too progressive, therefore, he has decided to join the Libertarian Party, which apparently frowns upon progress.He also said the Republican Party  makes me want to cry because I ve invested a lot in that party. Libertarian Party Chairman Nicholas Sarwark did not refrain from bashing the Republican Party and said that the reality clown show is what is causing many Republican lawmakers to abandon ship. After the disaster that we saw in Cleveland, in which a party that was once storied has nominated a reality show star for president, where the convention chairman s cutting off the microphone of a sitting U.S. senator, it s broken,  Sarwark said.  It s fundamentally broken and it s dying. Even Madsen s own wife is voting against the Republican Party and she also had no problem blaming the convention for her decision. That was my tribe,  Erin Madsen said.  That was my people.   I believed deeply in what I thought the Republican Party believed. But after having gone to the convention in Cleveland, I don t think that s my tribe anymore. They don t believe what I believe. And you re going to think this is crazy but it s like a death in the family for me. It breaks my heart. Here s video of Madsen announcing his switch via YouTube.Last week, a lifelong Texas Republican formally resigned from the Republican Party by writing an epic resignation letter that went viral. I will not contribute my name, my work, or my character to an utterly indefensible cause,  Chris Ladd wrote after being a Republican for the last 30 years.  No sensible adult demands moral purity from a political party, but conscience is meaningless without constraints. A party willing to lend its collective capital to Donald Trump has entered a compromise beyond any credible threshold of legitimacy. There is no redemption in being one of the  good Nazis. Donald Trump is the poison pill that Republicans forced themselves to swallow so they really shouldn t be surprised that their party is dying.Featured image via John Sommers II/Getty Images",0
5321, WATCH Bill O’Reilly Go Off The Rails And Blame Obama For Literally EVERYTHING,"Okay, nobody can accuse Bill O Reilly of being a supporter of Obama, but his show tonight was off the charts. He decided it would be a good idea to remind his audience just how President Obama has made the world a really terrible place. To that end, he proceeded to use his show to blame Obama for absolutely everything wrong with the world right now.So just what is Obama responsible for? Let us count them alongside Media Matters for America:O Reilly says there s more, but his show is only so long so he probably thinks he can t list them. But he made some wild leaps of logic, like the following on terrorism and Brexit: Mr. Obama s failure to destroy Assad s air force in Syria, when he could have, after drawing that red line over poison gas, has directly led to millions of refugees storming into Europe. That crisis has profoundly damaged the region and perhaps even stimulated Great Britain leaving the European Union. Really? He s looking at a series of events and putting them together in what he must think is a totally logical way, without even trying to understand some of the underlying factors, like immigrants from Eastern Europe as well as a sense that Britain had lost its sovereignty. It s really a wonder that Billo the Clown thinks his show is all about telling the truth.The whole,  race relations are worse now under Obama,  thing is misleading, and reeks of  Oh, well, Obama s black and liberal and his political correctness is responsible for deteriorating race relations.  No, O Reilly and his ilk need to pull their collective heads out of their collective asses before speaking of things they know nothing about. Race relations were last this bad in 1992, after Rodney King, not the  60s, and while this has happened under Obama, he is not the cause of it.Frivolous lawsuits? O Reilly used the word  charlatans  when discussing that, so he s very likely talking about people suing governments for promoting Christianity, which is illegal under the First Amendment. Those aren t frivolous, but O Reilly and his white, Christian privilege are mired in a delusion from which there is no escape.If he s talking about regular frivolous lawsuits, then he s way off. Those have been around forever now.There s too much to really address all of it, but suffice it to say that O Reilly s pursuing a bit of a witch hunt against Obama while talking up Donald Trump. He should stick to what he s good at oh wait. That s nothing. Watch him lose his grip on reality below:Featured image by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images for The Rumble 2012",0
5322," Dem Rep. Hits One Of Our Most Hypocritical Allies HARD With A Single, Potent Word","There are things that, with all the excitement going on at both the RNC and the DNC, are getting overlooked right now. However, Representative Hank Johnson (D-GA) spoke on one such issue that needs much closer attention: That of illegal Israeli settlements in Palestine. Johnson has a choice word for the settlers, and it s bang-on target: There has been a steady [stream of Israeli settlers], almost like termites can get into a residence and eat before you know that you ve been eaten up and you fall in on yourself. And they are. For the past several decades, Israel has been eating up Palestinian land and treating Palestinian citizens like subjects and much worse while their leader, Bibi Netanyahu, says Israel must occupy all the land in order to ensure their own safety. There s no regard for the people already living there. Termites stream in and eat the wood of our houses. Israelis stream in and eat the houses of Palestinians.  An apt description if there ever was one.Johnson went on to say: You see one home after another being appropriated by Jewish people who come in to claim that land just because somebody did not spend the night there.The home their [Palestinian] ancestors lived in for generations becomes an Israeli home and a flag goes up. The Palestinians are barred from flying flags in their own neighborhoods. Nobody in the U.S. would tolerate being told they can t fly the American flag. Nobody. But we ll gladly call a country that does this, and so much more with glee, an  ally.  Disgusting.Why is this so important right now? Don t we have more important things to worry about?The answer to those questions is, yes and no. It isn t just important because we re busy supporting an apartheid state, or because of Israel s gross human rights violations. It isn t just because we shouldn t support them if we re going to call ourselves the bastion of freedom we think we are. It s also because our support of Israel has poisoned many of our leaders to the point where they actually want to criminalize freedom of expression.The BDS movement, which stands for Boycott, Divest and Sanction, is under attack here because of our blind love for Israel. Staunch supporters of Israel have been quietly criminalizing that movement, despite the fact that this very same thing helped bring about an end to apartheid in South Africa.Boycotts are also a staple of American protest. Yet the pro-Israel crowd would destroy freedom of expression in dogged support of an ally that maybe shouldn t be an ally. Staunch defenders of the Constitution would tear up the First Amendment before denouncing Israel. It s sick.Israel uses us. Sure, some may say that we need them for intelligence on more hostile Middle Eastern nations (when a lot of our support is because of Sheldon Adelson, his money, and AIPAC), so we send billions of dollars worth of weapons and equipment to them, for which we the taxpayers are on the hook, and pretend not to see their relentless and violent crawl across Palestine.We wouldn t turn a blind eye to termites  relentless crawl through the structures of our houses, though.Ben Cohen, of The Daily Banter, put it just as perfectly as Rep. Johnson when he said: Israelis routinely claim that they have to defend themselves against Palestinian attacks. But occupying someone else s land is an attack itself, so it is impossible to defend yourself if you are the person attacking. So can we please stop pretending Israel is being attacked? As of March, half of Israeli Jews actually supported ethnic cleansing. We have white supremacists here that support the same thing. We fought a war in Bosnia over ethnic cleansing. It s only something we must stop when we hear calls for ethnic cleansing coming from people and places we don t like. Israel? They ve brainwashed us into thinking they re always the victim.Our growing problem with Islamophobia isn t helping, either.Going into the final stretch of this election cycle, Israel isn t just a distant foreign policy issue   something to be dealt with, maybe, after the new president and Congress take office in January. Israel s atrocious and disgusting policies toward Palestine impact us in a direct way, because our support of them could cost us our own freedom. At least we have some leaders here who understand that.Featured image by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5323, Nate Silver Has A Frightening Prediction For The 2016 Election,"If sane Americans have done one stupid thing over the last year, it s not take Donald Trump seriously. Unfortunately, there s a lot of discontent among the right toward the changing face of the United States and on the left, there s discontent over the fact that the United States isn t changing fast enough, and that discontentment could easily land Donald Trump in the White House, according to FiveThirtyEight s statistical guru, Nate Silver.While the polls are in a virtual tie, a breakdown of electoral college votes paints a much bleaker picture. According to Silver, Trump is ahead of Clinton by a whopping 15 points.Silver s  now-cast,  updated with fresh surveys on Monday, shows Trump s current likelihood of winning at 57.5 percent, compared with Clinton s 42.5 percent. In the 11 battleground states, Colorado, Virginia and Michigan would go to Clinton, while Florida, Nevada, New Hampshire, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Iowa would go to Trump.The breakdown shifts a bit between the Electoral College and the popular vote. Silver s model currently predicts the popular vote going 45.4 percent to Trump vs. 45.1 percent to Clinton, but the Electoral College giving Trump a wider margin of victory, 285 votes and Clinton 252.6.Source: PoliticoThis warning alone should be enough to wake up some who are on the fence and some Bernie Sanders supporters, but not all is lost. Silver notes that polling during conventions is notoriously inaccurate.On the one hand, the conventions are not a particularly good time to sweat every tick in the polls. Instead, they tend to be one of the less accurate times for polling. Historically, it s unusual for candidates not to at least pull into a rough tie after their party convention   John McCain and Sarah Palin did so in 2008, for example, and even Walter Mondale led a couple of polls in 1984. But those bounces do not always turn out to be predictive.Silver has another hand, though, and he s saying that Clinton has had a very bad July. She could get a convention bump this week, but with Wikileaks  email dump and Sanders supporters protesting every single speaker, it s doubtful. In other words, be afraid, but vote and drive people to the polls if necessary.Featured image via Slaven Vlasic at Getty Images. ",0
5324, CNN’s Resident Racist Just Told Us How He Thinks Obama Should Solve Violence In America (VIDEO),"CNN s supposed law enforcement expert, Harry Houck, is promoting a new video with what he no doubt thinks is an absolutely brilliant message. He wants President Obama to solve violence, and he even has a suggestion for how best to do it. There is a video floating around social media that calls on Obama to  ban niggas, not guns,  in order to stop escalating violence in America s cities. To a racist like Houck, this makes perfect sense.He posted a link to the video on his Twitter account, and said: He knows what he s talking about! Because the man who made the video, Tommy Sotomayor, is black, and therefore that makes this okay. Watch the video in all its racist, bigoted glory below:The video appeared on a Facebook page called  Uncle Sam s Misguided Children  about a week ago, but Houck seems to have just now noticed it, and it s awful message resonated with him, because of course. One only needs to look at his Twitter feed to see how racist he is. He s called for Donald Trump, Jr., to be the new mayor of New York City, and he s screamed,  Death to political correctness!  there when he hears the word,  racism. He also uses his spot on CNN to say that black people are more predisposed to committing crimes, and that black victims of police brutality have nobody to blame but themselves for it (those who survive, anyway). He said that on CNN just two weeks ago, in fact, which threw CNN s panel at the time into an uproar.He s even tweeted a link to a white supremacist website. Yes, Houck is clearly a wonderful law enforcement expert who should definitely be taken seriously. Not. In truth, he needs to be removed from the air for promoting racial hatred.Featured image via screen capture",0
5325, Man Gets 25-50 Years In Prison After Son Is Fatally Shot By Sister With His Unsecured Gun,"A Detroit man has been sentenced to 25-50 years in prison after his 9-year-old son was killed in an accidental shooting when his older sister found their father s unsecured gun.On Monday, the 45-year-old man was convicted of involuntary manslaughter, child abuse and several weapons charges. This responsible gun owner  was negligent, and that negligence not only took the life of his child, but has also now put him behind bars for at least a quarter of a century. He apologized in court and said that he loves his children dearly.The boy and his 11-year-old sister were visiting their father at his home on Nov. 9. The father s loaded gun was reportedly hidden in his bedroom closet, but due to the curious nature of young children, the deadly weapon didn t stay hidden for very long.The young girl testified in court that she and her brother were playing an imaginary game and they were acting out a video game when the tragedy occurred. She had been holding the shotgun when suddenly, it accidentally fired, killing her younger brother. She was given immunity for her testimony.The names of the father, sister, and other family members are being withheld so as not to identify the victim in this tragic case.Accidental shootings of young children are the most heartbreaking victims of gun violence. According to The Gun Violence Archive, 350 children under the age of 12 have been killed or injured by guns so far this year. The number of older children that have been victims of gun violence in 2016 is even higher, with 1,699 teens age 12-17 being shot. And we are only in July.Meanwhile, the NRA and gun-loving right-wingers refuse to admit that America has a problem with guns. They continue to fight tooth and nail to keep guns on our streets no matter how many lives are lost.Featured image via Guns.com",0
5326, Michael Jordan ‘Can No Longer Stay Silent’ On Police Shootings And Is Taking Action,"Michael Jordan is quite possibly the best basketball player to ever live. Now, he is using both his fame and fortune to fight against the killings of unarmed black men by law enforcement as well as violent attacks against police officers.Jordan made his powerful statements in an essay posted at The Undefeated. He began by condemning the violence against both American-Americans and law enforcement. As a proud American, a father who lost his own dad in a senseless act of violence, and a black man, I have been deeply troubled by the deaths of African-Americans at the hands of law enforcement and angered by the cowardly and hateful targeting and killing of police officers,  he began.The famed athlete continued, saying that he is  saddened and frustrated by the divisive rhetoric and racial tensions that seem to be getting worse as of late.  I know this country is better than that, and I can no longer stay silent,  he said.  We need to find solutions that ensure people of color receive fair and equal treatment AND that police officers   who put their lives on the line every day to protect us all   are respected and supported. Jordan explained that because of his experiences with the police officers who have protected his family over the years he has  seen up close the dedication of the law enforcement officers  and has the  greatest respect for their sacrifice and service.  But he then went on to say that as he knows that many African-Americans   experiences with law enforcement have been different than mine. I have decided to speak out in the hope that we can come together as Americans, and through peaceful dialogue and education, achieve constructive change,  wrote Jordan.In an effort to help find a way to put an end to the violence, Jordan announced that he is putting his money where his mouth is and donating $1 million each to the International Association of Chiefs of Police s newly established Institute for Community-Police Relations and the NAACP Legal Defense Fund. The Institute for Community-Police Relations  policy and oversight work is focused on building trust and promoting best practices in community policing,  Jordan explained.  My donation to the NAACP Legal Defense Fund, the nation s oldest civil rights law organization, will support its ongoing work in support of reforms that will build trust and respect between communities and law enforcement. Jordan said that he knows these contributions will not solve the problems plaguing our country, but he is hoping that his donations  will help both organizations make a positive difference. We are privileged to live in the world s greatest country   a country that has provided my family and me the greatest of opportunities,  Jordan concluded.  The problems we face didn t happen overnight and they won t be solved tomorrow, but if we all work together, we can foster greater understanding, positive change and create a more peaceful world for ourselves, our children, our families and our communities. Jordan s essay and donations come in the wake of deadly attacks on police officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge following the fatal police shootings of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile.Featured image via Streeter Lecka/Getty Images",0
5327, Progressive Champion Elizabeth Warren Will Deliver Keynote Speech To Democratic Convention,"The Democratic Party is poised to have a convention filled with powerhouse speakers that will dwarf the lineup of has-beens the GOP deployed.The Republican National Convention had unemployed actor Scott Baio and desperate Republicans who actually decided to show up. The Democratic Party will have New Jersey Senator Cory Booker, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders and they will have Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren in a spot that could very well set her up as Hillary Clinton s successor.Elizabeth Warren has successfully gotten under the thin skin of Donald Trump for months. Every time he attacks her on Twitter she responds by destroying him.In recognition of her efforts and her status as a defender of the poor and middle class in America against corporate exploitation, Warren has been chosen to deliver the keynote address at the DNC this week.Warren will be only the third woman to deliver the keynote speech. The first being Rep. Barbara Jordan in 1976, followed by beloved former Texas Governor and women s rights crusader Ann Richards in 1988. And while neither of those two women would go on to run for president, Elizabeth Warren stands on the cusp of history in the making. Hillary Clinton looks to become the first female president in American history. If she wins and serves with distinction, it could pave the way for Warren s rise as her successor in 2024 should she be willing to take on the mantle.As you may recall, a man named Barack Obama delivered the keynote address at the DNC Convention in 2004. Four years later he became the first African-American president in the United States.While the keynote address does not guarantee anyone of future presidential aspirations, it does mean a great deal to those who care about what the message of the party is. Warren is decidedly on the progressive wing of the Democratic Party, so she will more than likely focus on progressive issues such as raising the minimum wage, better healthcare, climate change, and working with our allies abroad while promoting tolerance and diversity. Clinton may not have chosen Warren as her running mate, but giving the keynote is a high honor and it gives Warren the opportunity to put progressive policies in the spotlight. This is especially important as Hillary continues to woo supporters of Bernie Sanders to her campaign.This keynote selection screams that Hillary Clinton is inching more to the left as progressives have been hoping and it gives progressives a bigger place at the table than they have had in many years. Combined with the platform changes Bernie Sanders was able to insert, this could signal a progressive agenda is on the way if Sanders  supporters are patient enough to let it happen gradually instead of all at once.The shift to the left could also mean that a more progressive candidate than Hillary Clinton could very well succeed her. That means progressivism has a bright future if they make sure a Democrat is elected to succeed President Obama in November. Because Donald Trump sure won t advance progressive policies.Featured image via Chris Somodevilla/Getty Images ",0
5328, It Sure Looks Like Donald Trump Would Be Putin’s Puppet If He Is Elected President,"The Republican Party has been wishing that America would be more like Russia in recent years and they may very well get their wish with Donald Trump.As it turns out, Donald Trump is connected on many levels with Russian dictator Vladamir Putin, the most alarming of which are the financial connections that are keeping him afloat as his liquid assets decrease and his debt continues to rise into the hundreds of millions of dollars.According to Bloomberg, while Trump brags about being a billionaire, he still has major debts that he owes:Trump s debt almost doubled, to an estimated $630 million from $350 million, as he drew down on a $170 million line of credit from Deutsche Bank AG for a hotel project in Washington At the same time, Trump s liquid assets shrank to about $170 million from $225 million, based on the high end of value ranges for those assets listed in his financial disclosure form.And because US banks are smart enough to deny Trump any loans, the Republican nominee has had to rely of outside support for capital, and that has mostly come from wealthy Russians who are close to Putin.The Washington Post reports:Since the 1980s, Trump and his family members have made numerous trips to Moscow in search of business opportunities, and they have relied on Russian investors to buy their properties around the world. Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets,  Trump s son, Donald Jr., told a real estate conference in 2008, according to an account posted on the website of eTurboNews, a trade publication.  We see a lot of money pouring in from Russia. Indeed, Trump has been desperate to build a Trump Tower in Moscow for over 30 years now and if he is able to become president and do some favors for Russia and Putin he would get closer to achieving his business goal.In fact, even some of Trump s top advisers have close ties to Russia.Trump campaign chair Paul Manafort  has done multimillion-dollar business deals with pro-Russian oligarchs  and worked for recently ousted Putin-backed Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych. Yanukovych s downfall sparked the 2014 Russian invasion of Ukraine in which they seized the Crimean Peninsula.Two of Trump s advisers, Carter Page and Michael Caputo, worked with Gazprom, which is the government-controlled natural gas corporation. As Talking Points Memo described it,  imagine if most or all of the US energy industry were rolled up into a single company and it were personally controlled by the US President who used it as a source of revenue and patronage. And there s Trump s foreign policy adviser former General Michael Flynn. He cozied up to Putin at a dinner in Moscow in 2015.With all of that being said, Trump s foreign policy ideas would strongly favor Russia at a time when Putin has never been more dangerous, especially to Europe.Not only has Trump been talking about fundamentally weakening NATO by pulling US support, which would give Russia an opportunity to flex its military muscles to take over some Eastern European countries, Page suggested earlier this year that Trump could lift economic sanctions placed on Russia since 2014, which would help some of his Russian business buddies. And in what has clearly been under-reported on by the media, Trump and his team successfully strong-armed the GOP into ditching the party platform condemning Russia s aggression toward Ukraine the GOP s support of assisting Ukraine against Putin.And Trump has been rewarded handsomely for this treachery as Putin has directed Russian state media to blare out support for Trump s campaign. Russian hackers also hacked into the DNC to give Trump information to use against the Democrats.In short, Trump would be nothing more than a puppet of Vladamir Putin should he be placed in the White House. It would the first time in American history that the leader of the free world is controlled, especially by a Russian ruler who disregards human rights and subverts democracy. Ronald Reagan would be spinning in his grave. What was the point of the Cold War if the United States is just going to become a Russian satellite state anyway?If Republicans think that President Obama is similar to former British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain, they haven t seen nothing yet. Because at least Chamberlain wasn t Hitler s puppet.Featured image via YouTube",0
5329, P*ssed Off Musicians Sing To Trump: ‘Stop Using Our Songs’ (VIDEO),"Throughout his campaign, Donald Trump has been thumbing his nose at the music industry by playing whatever damned songs he wants at his campaign rallies and even at the Republican convention. Now, the stars have had enough and they put together a music video for John Oliver telling Trump (and other politicians),  Stop Using Our Songs. Several musicians have complained after the Trump campaign, without permission, used their music during rallies, but the issue really cared to a head during the opening night, and again during the closing night, of the Republican National Convention.Generally at a political convention, the nominee doesn t make an appearance until the final night, but Trump graced the stage on night one, with Queen s  We Are the Champions  blaring from the arena speakers. The irony of opening the most LGBT unfriendly convention in history with a song sung by a man who died of AIDS didn t get by the remaining members of the band, who told Trump and the world that they did not approve:An unauthorised use at the Republican Convention against our wishes   Queen  Queen (@QueenWillRock) July 19, 2016Apparently, none of that mattered to the Trump campaign or to the Republican party, because they ended the show with another unauthorized song, but that one might not have been so bad. It was the Rolling Stones   You Can t Always Get What You Want,  which seemed, more than anything, to be pointed at all the Republicans who are refusing to endorse the nominee.That s not the first time whoever is in charge of Trump s playlist has seemed to troll him. Once, during a rally, REM s  It s the End of the World As We Know It  accompanied the candidate onto the stage.John Oliver, who, fortunately, has the production budget of HBO and was able to put together a super group of sorts of pissed off musicians. The group included Usher, Cyndi Lauper, Michael Bolton, Josh Groban, John Mellencamp, Heart s Nancy and Ann Wilson, Sheryl Crow and Imagine Dragons  Dan Reynolds.In the style of charity singles such as We Are The World, Ann Wilson begins the song with the words:  It s that time of year, campaign season s here. Michael Bolton sings:  You wave and point make your speeches while balloons fall everywhere. Usher continues:  But we notice something s wrong and it s gone on way to long/ So we re asking you right now/ Stop using our songs! It might seem appealing, but you re just stealing,  they sing in front of American flags, baseball stadiums and Mount Rushmore.Source: Daily MailThe video did show one song that could be used by Trump, although the cat might object. Here s the hilarious video:Featured image via video screen capture ",0
5330, Debbie Wasserman Schultz Booed Off Stage At Philly Breakfast,"The day has arrived for the Democratic National Convention, and outgoing DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz is off to a very, very bad start.The Democratic Representative from Florida, who was a constant thorn in the Bernie Sanders campaign, yesterday forcefully resigned as the DNC chair after a WikiLeaks publish showed the DNC, under her control, had open disdain for Sanders.And now, Wasserman Schultz is feeling the burn for the reckless organization.While appearing at the Florida delegation breakfast, Wasserman Schultz was literally booed off the stage by the delegation the minute she took the podium. After initially beginning her speech about a recent shooting at a Fort Myers, Florida nightclub shooting (that left 16 people injured and 2 dead), the crowed erupted into chaos.Delegates held up signs reading,  No,   E-mails,   Thanks for the  help  Debbie.  Other delegates yelled  shame  and continued to boo and throw fists in the air.Wasserman Schultz, who clearly got the message, acknowledged her resignation and the outrage, saying to the crowd: I can see there s a little bit of interest in my being here, and I can appreciate that interest   We know the voices in this room that are standing up and being disruptive, that s not the Florida we know. The Florida we know is united, the Florida we know will continue to create jobs.The now disgraced DNC chair promised the delegates she will continue to be seen on the campaign trail, and will actively work with Clinton on a 50 state strategy to defeat Donald Trump. She also promised more unity with Democrats, and pledged to  lock arms  with supporters.Something tells me that won t go over quite as she plans.Watch the awkwardness below:Man this is brutal: DWS being booed this morning at the Florida Delegation Breakfast ahead of the DNC: https://t.co/nhdCpyMrZO  Frank Thorp V (@frankthorp) July 25, 2016Featured image via Andrew Burton/Getty Images",0
5331, Debbie Wasserman Schultz’s DNC Resignation Clears The Way For A Better Democratic Party,"Democratic National Committee Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz is stepping down as chair of the DNC, effective the second she gavels the Philadelphia convention closed.  This move comes on the heels of DNC insider emails that were leaked that appear to show that the DNC was in the tank for for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to win the Democratic nomination over unlikely rival Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. The leaked documents were simply the straw that broke the camel s back, though. Wasserman Schulz has been a divisive figure within the party leadership for sometime now, and after this Democratic leaders decided that she had to go. Wasserman Schultz says of the decision: Going forward, the best way for me to accomplish those goals [which include electing Clinton president] is to step down as Party Chair at the end of this convention. As Party Chair, this week I will open and close the Convention and I will address our delegates about the stakes involved in this election not only for Democrats, but for all Americans. Wasserman Schultz will now speak on Monday afternoon, though originally she had been removed from all speaking slots at the Democrats  big event. However, it seems that her supporters, and even the outgoing DNC chair herself fought for her right to be able to speak. Senator Sanders had this to say on the subject:What does this mean for the Democratic Party? It means more party unity, that s what. We cannot win in November   or any other election   if the party splits. In the beginning, everyone underestimated the power of Sen. Sanders  message, and it seems that rank and file, establishment Democrats and party leaders saw him and his supporters as a distraction and an annoyance rather than someone whose ideas and policy proposals should be taken seriously. This was a mistake. We can never assume that everyone is as loyal to any political party as said party s leadership would like them to be.Now, as a firm Clinton supporter, I have had my issues with Bernie Sanders and his supporters. However, party unity and beating Donald Trump is the top priority, not petty infighting. Sanders had great influence over this year s party platform- the most progressive in the party s history   and he and his supporters should be proud of what they have accomplished.Now that DWS is out of our way, let s go forth and kick butt and elect Democrats from the top of the ballot down in November.Feataured image via Andrew Burton/Getty Images",0
5332," Fmr. NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg Is Troubled By Trump, Plans To Endorse Clinton At DNC","There are plenty of politicians of many stripes who are very afraid of the idea of a Donald Trump presidency, and with good reason. One of them seems to be former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg. Bloomberg was once a Democrat, but switched his party affiliation to Independent circa the year 2000, and ran and won the city s mayorship as a Republican before formally becoming a member of the GOP. However, Bloomberg is definitely not a fall into line party guy.In 2012, he endorsed President Barack Obama s second bid for the White House, and now, here in 2016, he is endorsing Hillary Clinton for president. Bloomberg is not only endorsing Clinton, but he will speak at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia during prime time. That means he will be going on during the same time as Democratic stars such as President Obama and Vice President Joe Biden. One of Bloomberg s top advisers, Howard Wolfson, says of the decision: As the nation s leading independent and a pragmatic business leader Mike (Bloomberg) has supported candidates from both sides of the aisle. This week in Philadelphia he will make a strong case that the clear choice in this election is Hillary Clinton. This isn t necessarily a huge surprise, as Bloomberg has definitely gone after Trump on some of his more alarming policy proposals. This is especially true of Trump s plan to ban Muslims from traveling across the U.S. border, and his ideas regarding building a wall along the southern border and forcing Mexico to pay for it, and the mass deportation plans. Despite the lack of surprise, though, this is an important endorsement. Bloomberg is a billionaire, just like Trump, and he is a high profile GOP politician. This is definitely a signal to the sane Republicans that are left that they need to do the right thing and endorse and vote for Hillary Clinton.It s not about betraying one s party or one s principles. It s about what is right for the nation and the world.Featured image via Roy Rochlin/Getty Images",0
5333," Hillary Boils The GOP’s Entire Problem Down To A Single, Brilliant Sentence","Hillary Clinton isn t just looking ahead to the Democratic National Convention, which kicks off this week, but she s also looking at the farcical clown show that was the Republican National Convention. When RNC speakers weren t busy spreading malicious lies for the purpose of driving fear, they were busy attacking her (and sometimes President Obama). Overall, very little was said about what they will do, and it made Hillary kind of sad.Speaking on 60 Minutes, she flat-out said [emphasis mine]: I don t know what their convention was about, other than criticizing me. I seem to be the only unifying theme that they had. There was no positive agenda. It was a very dark, divisive campaign. And the people who were speaking were painting a picture of our country that I did not recognize   you know, negative, scapegoating, fear, bigotry, smears. I just was so, I was saddened by it. I seem to be the only unifying theme they had.  That s a sad testament to how far the GOP has fallen if there ever was one. Republicans still can t decide how to unify behind someone as vile as Trump, and the RNC wasn t well-attended in part because of that. The fact that they can only unify in their hatred of Hillary is, indeed, sad.The only other unifying theme they have is the impending collapse of the U.S., which is something of which the GOP has been trying to convince us since Nixon ran for president. That s not really new and can t be seen as true unity. It s dogma.Then there are prominent Republicans like Ted Cruz, who openly refused to endorse Trump even in front of an audience made up entirely of Republicans. Trump s presence at the top of the party threw a huge monkey wrench into the GOP s plans to take over the country, and now they don t know what to do with him.It d be hilarious if it wasn t so sad. It d be ridiculously depressing if it wasn t so hilarious. That s the massive contradiction of the Republican Party   they can only agree on how they feel about Hillary. Everything else? The GOP civil war escalates.Hillary may well want a real race with a real opponent, and instead she got the three-ring political circus that is Donald Trump and Mike Pence, and the nickname  Crooked Hillary.  The GOP is done if they can t figure this out, and it s looking increasingly like they can t.Featured image by Gustavo Caballero/Getty Images",0
5334," Three-Year-Old Dies After Finding Loaded Gun, Shooting Herself (VIDEO)","A three-year-old South Carolina girl died on Saturday, after a days-long battle for her life. According to WACH, the toddler got her hands on a loaded gun, accidentally shooting herself on Monday. On Saturday, the Lexington County Sheriff s Department posted a public tweet, informing the public that the little girl had lost her battle for life.Police say they are conducting an investigation into how the toddler got the gun in the first place. The identity of the family has not yet been made public. At this time no one has been charged in connection with the toddler s death.The toddler s death follows the July 20th shooting death of seven-year-old Thomas William Paisie III. The first-grader accidentally shot himself while handling a loaded gun at the home of his grandfather in Jones County, Georgia. According to The Telegraph, two adults were in the home when the seven-year-old came across the unsecured gun. Neither of the adults was in the room with the child. They heard the sound of a shot and then came in and found the child injured and immediately called 911,  Jones County Sheriff s Officer Kenny Gleaton said.  Unfortunately, the victim had passed away at the scene.  Gleaton went on to say: I would urge people, if they are going to choose to have firearms in their homes, I just encourage them to be responsible and store them safely and separately from ammunition. Keep them under lock and key at all times when not in use. While we hear a lot about  responsible gun owners,  from the NRA, it seems nearly every day in the U.S. we read about a child killed in an accidental shooting. These needless deaths happen because a parent or relative failed to keep a deadly weapon out of the hands of someone too young to understand what can happen.According to the Gun Violence Archive, an organization which tracks shootings across the United States, more than 2,000 children have been injured or killed by guns so far in 2016. Many of these deaths were  accidental shootings,  like those that killed two children this week. No matter what the NRA says, there s nothing responsible about a nation that allows its children to die needlessly, year after year, because some  adult  believes owning a gun is their God-given right. We can do better than this.Here s more on this story from WACH. Featured image via wikipedia cc 2.0",0
5335," WATCH: President Obama Unleashes On Trump, Says He Is Doing The Terrorist’s Work For Them","During an interview on CBS s Face the Nation Sunday morning, President Obama lambasted Donald Trump for his recent comments regarding defending the United States  NATO allies. He saw the comment as being indicative of the Republican presidential candidate of not having enough foreign policy experience. You know for Mr. Trump, who has in the past suggested that America s weak and not looking out for its allies, to then maybe not have enough information or understanding to go out and say that America might not stand by its solemn commitment to protect those same allies who stood with us after 9/11 when we were attacked I think is an indication of the lack of preparedness that he has been displaying when it comes to foreign policy,  Obama said.President Obama went on to say that Muslim Americans are willing to assist in the fight against the Islamic State. He condemned Trump and others who have used hateful rhetoric against Muslims here at home and abroad. But that requires leaders, political leaders, religious leaders, business leaders, all of us to send a very clear signal that we are not going to be divided in that fashion,  Obama went on to say.  And I think the kinds of rhetoric that we ve heard too often, from Mr. Trump and others, is ultimately helping do I.S.I.L. s work. President Obama is absolutely correct. Trump s rhetoric is hurting the United States and our allies. He is too dangerous, xenophobic, and unpredictable to be allowed to have any type of power over the nation s military.You can watch the interview in full.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5336, WATCH: Trump Executes His Post-RNC Pivot…Toward Getting Revenge On Old Primary Opponents,"Just when Donald Trump has his biggest opportunity to act in a truly presidential manner, he decides instead that what needs to happen is more attacks on people who no longer matter much to the race. Speaking for the first time following the RNC, he went on the offensive against both Ted Cruz and John Kasich, and then confirmed rumors that he will try to destroy them in two years, when they re both up for re-election.Laying into Cruz first, he said: You know, [Cruz will] come and endorse over the next little while.He ll   because he has no choice. But I don t want his endorsement. What difference does it make? And I don t want his endorsement. I have such great   I don t want his endorsement. Just   Ted, stay home, relax, enjoy yourself.Again, I don t want his endorsement. If he gives it, I will not accept it. Just so you understand. If he gives it   I will not accept it. That s the equivalent of children saying,  Fine, I didn t want you to be my friend anyway.  But anybody who doesn t pay King Trump proper homage will find themselves the subject of his wrath, and making sure they pay for their  crimes  is more important than proving he ll be a good president. Cruz will no doubt find this about as heartbreaking as a hangnail.That s not all His Royal Trumpiness said, though. He also blasted Ohio governor John Kasich, another primary opponent of his, for not coming to the RNC at all: See, to me, that s dishonorable. To me, not signing a pledge is dishonorable, okay? It s dishonorable. Not a nice thing to do. And I talk this way, because we re all together. Watch below:As if that s not bad enough, Trump s plans to destroy Kasich and Cruz involve funneling millions of dollars into a super-PAC that works against their re-election bids in 2018, because that s totally more important than running the country.Maybe he thinks Mike Pence is presidential enough for the both of them.Thin-skinned Trump, whose narcissistic tendencies mean he d rather take individual people down even when they no longer matter, will spend his entire presidency getting revenge for every slight imaginable. Yet another reason that he s ridiculously unqualified to be our president.Featured image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
5337, Traumatized Indiana Mom ‘Terrified’ After Becoming Target Of White Supremacists (VIDEO),"Mia Frias-Russell, an African American mother of three, recently moved from Indianapolis, Indiana to the smaller town of Campbellsburg, nearly 600 miles away. According to City Data, the town has a population of less than 600 people and 97.4 percent of the residents are white.Ms. Russell says she has experienced various forms of racial discrimination since moving to the small Indiana town. During an interview with WTHR, she said people yell racial slurs at her while she s outside working in the yard.On July 20, the situation escalated. Ms. Russell stepped outside her Campbellsburg home that morning to find racial slurs sprayed all over her house. The words  N*gg*r go,  and  N*gg*r b*tch  were among the messages left for the mother and her three children. Her car was also painted with racial slurs. Authorities also believe that the vandals put sugar in the vehicle s gas tank.The terrified mom recorded a video of the aftermath, which she then uploaded to Facebook.  I m scared,  she said through her tears,  I don t know who could have done this.  Ms. Russell went on to say that the day before someone tried to run her car off the road.Watch the video below via YouTube:According to WTHR, Ms. Russell is renting her home in Campbellsburg. She is now trying to get out of her lease because she does not feel safe living in the area. She described the incident as both  traumatizing  and  terrifying. Authorities say they are looking for the people responsible for vandalizing Ms. Russell s home. According to ISP Sgt. Jerry Goodin those responsible will be charged with criminal mischief. The police may also upgrade the charges using the state s bias crime statute. Indiana s bias crime statute is similar to hate crimes statutes used to enhance criminal charges in other parts of the United States.It s unimaginable that, in the year 2016, this young mother does not feel safe driving down the street or even falling asleep in her own home. This is terrorism and those who were involved should be prosecuted as terrorists, not as vandals or petty criminals.Image credit; video screen capture via Mia Frias-Russell on Facebook",0
5338, CNN Panelist Says Trump’s Campaign Wouldn’t Exist Without Roger Ailes (VIDEO),"On Sunday s broadcast of CNN s Reliable Sources, a panel discussed the role Roger Ailes  legacy. The Fox News founder is retiring from his position as the network s CEO due to a massive wave of allegations from female employees of sexual harassment.The episode began with the show s host, Brian Stelter posing the question,  When you take stock of Roger Ailes legacy, his impact on media, do you think we would have Donald Trump as the GOP nominee without Roger Ailes? Political analyst Jeff Greenfield wasn t ready to say that Trump would not be a political success if it were not Ailes.  Roger Ailes did to the media what Donald Trump did to the political process.  What Greenfield is saying is that both Ailes and Trump are spectacular at rallying hardcore right-wing conservatives to support whatever narrative they choose to promote.While Greenfield isn t ready to put the burden of Trump on Ailes shoulders, Jane Hall, a former regular guest on Fox News said that  you would not have Donald Trump without Roger Ailes. It has been rumored that Ailes next major project besides the autobiography he is going to write   would be to work on Trump s presidential campaign. Panelist and Trump supporter, Jeff Lord, didn t provide any more credibility to those rumors. That being said, he did mention that Ailes would be very useful on the Trump campaign trail.Fox News, right-wing extremism, and now Trump exist in a reinforcing feedback loop that has caused so much harm to the United States and the world. They have given megaphones to the biggest loons out there in the United States.You can watch the panel discussion below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qn3AgNq2QikFeatured image from video screenshot",0
5339, WATCH: Trump Stumbles When Asked If He Would Support Former KKK Grand Wizard (VIDEO),"Donald Trump sat down with for an interview with Chuck Todd Sunday morning during an episode of MSNBC s Meet the Press. During the interview, Todd questioned Trump on the matter of former KKK Grand Wizard David Duke. Duke has been a vocal supporter of Trump throughout the GOP primary. He is also now running for a U.S. Senate seat. Duke says that he was inspired to run for office because of Trump s campaign.Trump has previously denounced Duke s views and his endorsement of his campaign. Trump says in the interview that he does not support Duke s senatorial run. However, after a bit of grilling from Todd, Trump implies that he might vote for Duke under certain circumstances. Todd said: David Duke announced his Senate candidacy claiming your agenda for his own, or essentially saying glad that you spoke out. Newt Gingrich said, every Republican should repudiate this guy no matter what he says. Trump responds by saying  I did and I do. That s when Todd asks Trump: Would you support a Democrat over David Duke, if that was what was necessary to defeat him? Trump then says that it would depend on the Democrat who is running for office. Though he does say that he wouldn t support Duke. I guess, depending on who the Democrat was, but the answer would be yes. Look, the answer is, as quick as you can say it, rebuked. Is that OK? Rebuked. It shouldn t matter who is running against Duke, as long as they are better than Duke himself. It s nearly impossible to imagine a candidate that could be worse than Duke running on a Democratic ticket. Even if someone is a firm believer in not supporting the lesser of two evils relative to their political position, you do everything you can to support that candidate if their opponent happens to be a former leader of one of the worst hate groups in the United States.You can watch the interview below.Featured image via video screenshot",0
5340," GA Cop Arrested, Charged With Felony Murder (VIDEO)","On the night of June 22, Atlanta, Georgia police officer James R. Burns was called to Monroe Place apartments to investigate a report of a  suspicious person  suspected of breaking into parked cars. Within minutes of arriving at the scene, Burns shot and killed 22-year-old Deravis Caine Rogers, an unarmed black man who was driving his own vehicle on the premises of the apartment complex.According to Burns, he saw Rogers get into his vehicle and  became suspicious  of him. Although he had no reason to suspect that the man had committed a crime, Burns states he attempted to block Rogers  car from leaving the parking lot. Rogers drove around the police car. That s when Burns shot him in the head.During an internal police investigation, officer Burns stated that he shot the unarmed man out of  fear for his life.  He told investigators that Rogers drove his vehicle directly toward him. Video evidence and witness testimony contradict the officer s story.Burns is one of the first Georgia police officers to be arrested and charged for an an-duty shooting without a grand jury verdict. Prosecutors believe that there is enough evidence to convict the officer on felony murder charges. Burns also faces additional charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and violation of his oath of office.Prosecutors say that Burns had no reason to consider Rogers a criminal suspect. Authorities found no evidence that any vehicles in the apartment complex parking lot had been broken into or tampered with. They also found that Burns lied about the events that led up to the shooting.Fulton County District Attorney Paul Howard issued a public statement, following the officer s arrest, saying: By reason of the evidence presented by several eye-witnesses, videos, and the findings of the Atlanta Police Department, we will proceed in this case in the same manner as any other defendant similarly charged   arrest, indictment and resolution. Howard s decision to prosecute Burns without a grand jury indictment comes on the heels of a new GA law, which curbs police officers  right to a grand jury trial. The law allows prosecutors to move forward with charges against cops in the same way they would prosecute ordinary citizens.Here s more on the story from Fox 5 in Atlanta.Featured image via video screen capture via Fox 5 in Atlanta",0
5341, WATCH: Donald Trump Explains His New Muslim Ban ‘Expansion’ Plan,"Donald Trump and the GOP appear to have finally found the messaging that they are using to sell Trump s flip-flop on banning Muslims from entering the United States.During an interview on MSNBC s Meet the Press Sunday morning, Trump told the Chuck Todd that he doesn t consider his recent changes to his proposal to ban Muslims from entering the United States a  rollback. I actually don t think it s a rollback. In fact, you could say it s an expansion. I m looking now at territory,  Trump told Todd.  People were so upset when I used the word Muslim. Oh, you can t use the word Muslim. Remember this. And I m okay with that, because I m talking territory instead of Muslim. We re going to have tough standards,  Trump went on to say.  And if a person can t prove   that they re from an area, and if a person can t prove what they have to be able to prove, they re not coming into this country. And I would stop the Syrian migration and a Syrian from coming into this country in two seconds. Let s be clear, Trump s proposal is a rollback. His initial call for a unilateral ban on Muslims entering the United States is both incredibly bigoted and unconstitutional. It also happens to be impossible to enforce and would severely damage the United States  reputation. Even if Trump were to become president, it is hard to see how such a proposal would actually be implemented.That s why this rollbacked version of his proposal is actually far worse. That s because it can actually be implemented. While still divisive among the GOP, Trump would have far more support for his modified approval. More than half of the governors in the United States want to ban Syrians from entering the United States as of last year. There are even a few Democrats who would jump on board the xenophobia train.So, yes  this is a rollback. It s also an  expansion  as Trump refers to it, in the sense that it is something that could actually become policy.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhpwEO7b7eoFeatured image via video screenshot",0
5342, The Ridiculous Reasons Obama’s Half-Brother Is Voting For Trump (VIDEO),"The right is giddy over the fact that President Obama s Kenyan half-brother Malik says he plans to vote for Donald Trump. They shouldn t be. His reasons for voting for the braggadocios billionaire are even worse than the reasons for most Americans.Malik Obama lives in Kenya, but he is eligible to vote in the United States because he sometimes lives in Maryland and he worked there. Rupert Murdoch s New York Post claims that Malik is registered to vote in the United States.Malik is the oldest of the Obama brothers; he s related through their father, but the two men have different mothers. The older Obama, 58, has spent most of his life as a Democrat, but likes Trump s slogan of  Mak(ing) America Great Again.  He doesn t like Hillary Clinton s email scandal, and he has more than one personal bone to pick with his younger brother.About Trump: I like Donald Trump because he speaks from the heart,  Malik Obama told The Post from his home in the rural village of Kogelo.  Make America Great Again is a great slogan. I would like to meet him. About Hillary Clinton and the email situation: She should have known better as the custodian of classified information,  said Obama.The third reason makes one question whether Malik had been a Democrat at all. The man who reportedly has as many as 12 wives hates the idea of marriage equality. I feel like a Republican now because they don t stand for same-sex marriage, and that appeals to me,  he said.Then, it gets a bit more personal. The elder Obama says that he was close, personal friends with ousted and assassinated dictator, Muammar Gaddafi. I still feel that getting rid of Khadafy didn t make things any better in Libya,  he said.  My brother and the secretary of state disappointed me in that regard. Malik has an even more personal beef with his brother. It s about money. Malik is in charge of the Barack H. Obama Foundation, which named after the Obamas  father. The foundation was set up to help people in their native village in Kenya, but it hadn t registered with the state of Virginia, from which it was run. Shortly after the story became public, the IRS approved the foundation s tax exempt status. Fingers pointed at President Obama, but Malik insists his brother didn t help at all, and for that, he seems to resent him. My brother didn t help me at all,  said Obama.  He wanted me to shut it down when I set it up. He hasn t supported me at all. Oh, and the President also refused to intervene in his older brother s foray into politics, when he ran for governor of his Kenyan county. Malik partly blames his brother for his loss.Here s the video:Trump, in the meantime, is loving it. Wow, President Obama s brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 24, 2016None of this should be terribly surprising. Despite the fact that the two men were best men at each others  weddings, Malik got on the birther train. He even questioned whether the President actually shared a father with him. Of course, we can also go birther, asking if Malik is actually registered to vote.Featured image via New York Post screenshot.",0
5343, WATCH: Sean Hannity Loses His Sh*t Because Jon Stewart Humiliated Him On Colbert,"Jon Stewart completely annihilated Sean Hannity on national television, and the Fox News host threw a hissy fit over it.On Thursday night, Stewart made a surprise appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert and briefly took over the desk to deliver a stinging take down of Sean Hannity.Hannity has often derided President Obama for using a teleprompter and has accused him of being divisive and thin-skinned, but hypocritically praises Donald Trump despite the fact that the Republican nominee does and is all the things Hannity claims to hate about President Obama.And Stewart masterfully ripped him a new one for it. Either Lumpy (Hannity) and his friends are lying about being bothered by thin-skinned authoritarian less-than-Christian readers of prompter being president, or they don t care, as long as it s their thin-skinned prompter authoritarian tyrant narcissist. You just want that person to give you your country back because you feel that you re this country s rightful owners. The only problem with that, this country isn t yours! You don t own it! It never was! There is no real America! You don t own it! You don t own patriotism, you don t own Christianity, you sure as hell don t own respect for the brave and sacrifice of military, police and firefighters! Trust me! I see you and I see your bulls t. Here s the epic video via YouTube.On Friday, Hannity responded by throwing a temper tantrum that only a petulant child could love. I see they brought that idiot Jon Stewart back from the dead. Great, attack me all you want. I was right about Obama and you re a fool who head his head   had your head so far up Obama s ass, Jon Stewart. I ve never seen anybody kiss an ass like you kiss his. I know you re a rich liberal. Are you donating money to those families, the 46 million American families on food stamps, Jon? Hey, Jon, are you helping out the 50 million Americans in poverty? Hey, Jon, are you going to help use your wealth from all your comedy writers that lay out the material for you, are you going to help pay down the debt that Obama s accumulated?More debt than every other president before him combined? Are you going to help, Jon, the 1 in 5 American families in the country that don t have a single family member that have a job? I know you re rich enough, you don t have to work anymore. Here s the audio via YouTube.This is how you know that Jon Stewart kicked Hannity s ass. Hannity goes on his radio show and throws a hissy fit complete with expletives and every insult he can think of while ignoring the fact that Stewart used video tape to prove how much of a hypocrite Hannity is.Featured image via screenshot",0
5344, WATCH: Van Jones Puts Racist Trump Supporters In Their Place During Street Confrontation,"Van Jones humiliated them so badly that one guy actually changed his opinion of him.During the RNC Convention last week, Van Jones was approached by a trio of Trump supporters including alt-right conservative rising star Owen Shroyer, who was itching to try to embarrass Jones in a video he hoped would go viral and make himself a new conservative hero by interrogating the former President Obama adviser about Donald Trump and Black Lives Matter.Instead, Van Jones put the little punks in their place.Shroyer wanted to know why Van Jones thinks Trump is a racist. Jones responded by teaching him a lesson on character and proceeded to explain that he thinks Trump is a racial opportunist who is using racial tensions to get power.Then Shroyer tried to portray Hillary Clinton as a racial opportunist by claiming that she responded to the shooting of police officers in Dallas by saying white people need to feel guilt when it comes to the grievances of African-Americans.Van Jones expressed that he didn t think Clinton did that, and he was right. Nowhere in her Twitter response did Hillary use the word  guilt.  She merely asked white Americans to  listen. White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers you face every day,  she wrote.White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers you face every day.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 8, 2016Shroyer moved on to whining about Black Lives Matter and the protests that occurred in Ferguson, Missouri in the wake of the killing of Michael Brown by white police officer Darren Wilson.Jones asked Shroyer if he is confident that the Justice Department was right not to pursue charges against Wilson. Shroyer said he is. And that s when Jones pounced.Because while Shroyer praised the Justice Department decision on Wilson he ignored the fact that the Justice Department also reported that there was systemic racism within the Ferguson Police Department. The only thing you see in Ferguson, and this is where my heart breaks, the only thing you see in Ferguson is that there was a protest about a case that later turned out to be a false situation. And yet the same department also   who you already said was credible   came out and said that there was massive, widespread abuse of the black population, which is part of why they believed what was going on. And yet with that, I don t see the same level of concern. It is much worse to me to hear that a whole police department has been giving extra tickets to a community   that s terrible   than if somebody was wrong about some protest. And when Shroyer accused Van Jones of being anti-police because he supports Black Lives Matter, Jones masterfully explained what the BLM movement is all about in a single sentence. I believe in law and order, I just want the police to obey the law too. I don t want anyone going to a funeral, black or blue. In the end, Shroyer was forced to change his opinion of Van Jones and went from hating him to having a growing respect for him.Here s the video via YouTube:And that s how you take down a right-wing troll.Featured Image: Screenshot ",0
5345," Politifact’s Scorecards For Clinton, Kaine Versus Trump, Pence Should Make Every Republican Cry","Following all the idiotic drama of Donald Trump s choosing Mike Pence of Indiana for his running mate, Hillary Clinton s choice of Senator Tim Kaine may have seemed a little lackluster to some. However, Kaine compliments Hillary in a way that many people probably haven t thought of, and their pairing makes Trump and Pence look far worse now than before.Politifact, which Republicans revile because they think facts are pesky, annoying things to be ignored, put out a scorecard with the ratings of 27 statements Tim Kaine has made. It turns out that he has more statements rated True and Mostly True than he does Half True, Mostly False, and False put together. He has no Pants On Fire ratings at all.Compare that to Mike Pence. Politifact has rated 20 statements Pence has made, and of those 20, only four are True or Mostly True. Four! He has six Half True statements and six False statements. His only saving grace here is that he also doesn t have any Pants On Fire ratings.A look at Hillary Clinton s and Donald Trump s Politifact scorecards just drives home the point that the GOP is riddled with people who lie and spread misinformation. Trump, being the master liar he is, has more False and Pants On Fire statements than he does Mostly False, Half True, Mostly True and True statements combined.Hillary, on the other hand, has more True and Mostly True statements than she does Half True, Mostly False, False and Pants On Fire all together, just like her chosen running mate. These two are a good team just on that basis.So is it really any wonder that Hillary introduced her running mate as  everything Donald Trump and Mike Pence are not?  Of course, she was talking about the policies that Trump and Pence are putting together, but the ability to acknowledge facts and tell the truth is another major way in which Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine are not, well, anything like any Republican we ve got.In other words, we have two presidential tickets that illustrate Republican honesty versus Democratic honesty, and Democratic honesty wins hands down. Facts don t lie, and unfortunately for the GOP, facts have a liberal bias.Photo of Clinton/Kaine by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images. Photo of Trump/Pence by Alex Wong/Getty Images. Images merged by Rika Christensen",0
5346, Drunken Cop Arrested After Holding Fast Food Workers At Gun Point (VIDEO),"New released video shows Santa Clara County sheriff s deputy Benjamin Lee in a standoff with fellow police officers, after he pulled a gun on employees of a fast food restaurant in January.Cop Block reports that the video was recorded by an Uber driver who was waiting to pick up his drive thru order at a Jack In the Box restaurant at the same time that Lee was there. The line was backed up, with at least a dozen cars waiting for orders. Lee was reportedly several cars ahead of the uber driver.According to the driver, the manager of the restaurant came out to inform the drive-thru customers that the cook was  having some kind of breakdown and did not want to cook anymore. The unidentified uber driver says he decided to leave and go to another restaurant.The drunken police officer reportedly became enraged at the manager, saying  I want my food.  When the manager was unable to deliver, Lee pulled out a gun. He reportedly held both the restaurant manager and the drive-thru worker at gunpoint. The worker later told witnesses that he thought he was being robbed.Someone inside the restaurant called the police. When officers arrived on the scene, Lee refused to exit his vehicle or follow commands given by police. The video shows Lee engaging in a long standoff with the officers, who are attempting to get the drunken cop to surrender.Watch the video below, courtesy of FreeFresno on YouTube.  If this had been anyone other than a drunk, armed off-duty cop, it s likely the person would have been shot the minute the police rolled up.Lee was placed on  administrative leave  pending an internal investigation.In a public statement regarding the incident, Roger Winslow of the Deputy Sheriff s Association of Santa Clara told KGO: Mr. Lee has a good reputation with the sheriff s office. He s a hard worker and respected by his peers. Members of the a newly-created community task force expressed their frustration with the way the police department polices its own.Retired Santa Clara County Sheriff s Captain Kevin Jensen summed it up by saying: This is too much. It s overwhelming evidence that there is a cultural problem at the top, as well as many problems at the bottom. Image credit: video screen capture KGO-TV",0
5347, Elizabeth Warren DESECRATES Trump At La Raza: ‘Born With Cash In His Fist And Hate In His Heart’,"Speaking at the National Council of La Raza conference in Orlando on Saturday, Elizabeth Warren went after Donald Trump and completely desecrated him in a fiery speech.Addressing the crowd at the national conference of the largest Hispanic advocacy organization, the Massachusetts senator stressed the importance of economic issues as they pertain to the Hispanic community and denounced Trump s racist rhetoric. We believe that diversity has made this country strong,  Warren said. And racism, sexism, homophobia, hatred, injustice, and bigotry have no place here. We will never build Donald Trump s stupid wall,  she said to a standing ovation.Warren said that come hell or high water, Clinton  must  win this election in November. Hillary Clinton must be the next President of the United States, and Tim Kaine must be the next Vice President of the United States,  Warren said.  Not  can , not  should , we must make them. Hillary Clinton must be the next President of the United States, and Tim Kaine must be the next Vice President of the United States,  Warren said.  Not  can , not  should , we must make them. Warren, who joked that I haven t been this excited to come to Orlando since Harry Potter arrived,  also stressed the importance of healthcare during her 20-minute speech, noting that one in four Latinos have no health care. I know how hard every single one of you is working, sometimes we ve got to stop and we ve got to remind ourselves what it is that we re working for,  Warren said.  Why we get up in the mornings and why we fight.  It is time to come down hard on predatory practices that allow financial institutions to systematically strip wealth out of Latino communities, and we are ready to fight for it. She also demanded reforms in drug laws and criminal sentencing as well as immediate action on climate change, in addition to her focus on economic issues. We believe that no one should work full-time and still live in poverty,  Warren said.  Latino workers earn less than white workers and African-American workers. That means raise the minimum wage, enforce overtime pay, pass sick leave and family leave and schedules that work. Warren then called out the Republican nominee by name. I have a few things to say that will not fit into 140 characters on Twitter,  she said, calling Trump  a weak, thin-skinned man ,  small, insecure, money-grubbing  and  A man who will never be president of the United States. She spoke of the heart wrenching story of a Hispanic man who testified during a Senate hearing on the 2008 mortgage crisis who told how he had  struggled not to cry  when he told his daughters that they were going to lose their home. She then contrasted his story with that of the bigoted billionaire who said he was excited for the real estate market to crash.   He was drooling over the idea of a housing meltdown because it meant he could buy up more properties on the cheap. What kind of a man does that?  she asked.The senator concluded that this election  will decide what kind of a people we are and what kind of a country we want to build. Featured image via  Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
5348, OK Cop Shoots Family Dog During Child’s Birthday Party (VIDEO),"Noah Malone was celebrating his fifth birthday with a group of friends close to his age. His mother, Vickie Malone, had just brought the kids inside to have birthday cake and ice cream. We weren t in the house two or three minutes and there was a loud bang,  Vickie Malone told The Huffington Post. When she went to the door to see what had happened, she found the family s 3-year-old dog, Opie, lying on the ground. He was kicking and gasping for air,  Malone said during the interview. She noted that there was blood coming from his head.A Wynnewood Police officer told Malone s 21-year-old daughter,  I had to shoot your dog.  According to Malone the officer told her and her 23-year-old son, Rio Youngblood, that the dog had tried to attack him through the metal fence that surrounds the family s property.In contrast, the officer later stated that he was inside the fence when the dog charged at him from around the house. He stated that the dog latched onto his leg and that he attempted to get free by kicking it twice.That story just doesn t add up. As Fox 25 reports here, the officer used a high-powered rifle, which he had to retrieve from his police vehicle, to shoot the family pet. He shot the dog three times, firing two bullets right in front of a group of terrified children.The officer went to the Malone residence to serve a warrant on someone who doesn t live there. Malone told The Huffington Post that the officer knew who lived in the home and was aware that the family had a dog. He said he was checking to see if a guy name Shon McNiel lived here and no one here has heard of the person he was talking about,  she said during an interview with Fox 25. McNeil apparently lived in the home ten years ago. Police say it was his last known address.In a statement to Fox 25, the Wynnewood police chief acknowledged that the officer was aware that the Malone s had moved into the home. He defended the officer s visit to the home, stating  he had to start somewhere. Here s more on this story from Fox 25. Image credit: video screen capture via Fox 25",0
5349, Most Of Those ‘Latinos For Trump’ Signs At The RNC Weren’t Held By Latinos (VIDEO),"Now, you d think after calling Mexicans rapists and murderers, Donald Trump would have the Latino community bending over backwards to support him, but alas, they just don t seem to like him very much. Wonder why? It s really a thinker.In fact, Trump holds a 77% unfavorable rating with the Latino community, and Hillary Clinton is currently leading by 48 points among Hispanic voters.So, what s a guy to do at the Republican National Convention to show the world watching at home that Latinos really want Trump after all? Play make-believe!Sure, out of the 2,482 delegates in attendance at the RNC 133 were Latino, but for the cameras, that s not nearly enough, sooooo have white people hold up  Latinos Para Trump  signs!!Which is even incorrect grammar, it should have read  Latinos Por Trump,  but I digress. They probably didn t have anyone to ask.Here are some of the  Latinos  right here:Seems to me like some of these Texas delegates w/ Latinos for Trump signs are not Latino someone is passing them out pic.twitter.com/z8KuCdyqny  Eliza Collins (@elizacollins1) July 22, 2016RNC botches grammar on Spanish sign claiming Hispanics support Trump: https://t.co/tpUZ9xfvBa pic.twitter.com/5nEpx2y9A9  The Hill (@thehill) July 22, 2016Stupid cameras getting too close to show what s actually going on. Someone s gonna get fired for sure.In reality, this is the general reaction from the Latino community, although, I m sure there are some who genuinely like Trump.""Latinos for Trump"" BISH WHERE??? pic.twitter.com/JP4RF7e4sf  Marcella Arguello (@marcellacomedy) July 22, 2016 Here s more proof of the signs via this Fusion video:There was something seriously fishy about all the  Latinos for Trump  at the RNC.Can you spot it??https://t.co/BAhShCZw65  The Tylt (@TheTylt) July 23, 2016Featured image via Twitter",0
5350, Tamir Rice’s Memorial Is A Stop In Pokemon Go And It Has A Powerful Message,"The gazebo at the Cudell Recreation Center in Cleveland, Ohio has become a non-official memorial for Tamir Rice, an innocent 12-year-old who was shot and killed by the police. The gazebo is the location where Rice was killed while playing with a toy rifle.According to Belt Magazine, the location has also recently become a popular stop in the smash hit augmented reality game, Pok mon Go. For those not familiar how the game works, locations of interest   called Pokestops   such as public works of art, historical locations, and other community hot spots.The person who suggested the location be added as a location in the game developer s database took the opportunity to make a statement. The description for the pokestop reads: Community memorial for Tamir Rice, shot and killed by CPD officers who shot him in under 2s after breaking department policy regarding escalation of force. The Cudell Gazebo bears no marker indicating that is a memorial for Rice. The gazebo was scheduled to be demolished though it has not due to certain groups who wish to see the area preserved as a historical landmark. As of right now, the gazebo has remained in a state of limbo. So, besides the stuffed animals and other tokens left by community members, there is no way to tell what the historical importance of what the location is.This virtual marker runs contrary to the findings of a grand jury who decided not to bring charges against the officers involved in the shooting.A commentator on the Belt claims to be the person who wrote the description for the Gazebo. He claims that he wrote the description not thinking that it would be noticed by many people, as it was added to a much less popular game created by the same company who created Pokemon Go. He writes that he wrote the description because: Memorials are built in the hope people will remember. The events that ended Tamir Rice s life are something that I worry will be forgotten. It was difficult to see the gazebo pictured without context, and I added a bit without expecting it to be noticed by anyone else. The gazebo in the park should be turned into an official memorial for Rice. However, even if it was the spot would not tell the story that so many people hear. It is nice to know that there are people able to get what many would consider the truth of the story of what happened at that spot than what is on the official record.Featured image from Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
5351, Former Jail Guard Admits To Falsifying Documents In Sandra Bland Death (VIDEO),"Rafeal Zuniga, a former guard at the Waller County, Texas jail where Sandra Bland died, admitted to falsifying official logs documenting the final events leading up to her death. According to the Houston Chronicle, special prosecutors were aware of the falsified documents, but a grand jury still chose not to indict any employees of the jail or sheriff s office last December in connection with the woman s death.The Houston Chronicle reports that Zuniga, a new hire at the jail, was on duty the morning Sandra Bland was found dead in her cell. During sworn testimony, Zuniga stated that he was directed by other guards to document an 8:01 am check on Bland, although he never actually checked on her at all.Although the grand jury failed to indict 12 employees of the Waller County Jail, her family has filed a wrongful death suit. The case is scheduled for trial in January of 2017. In February the suit was expanded to include Texas Department of Public Safety Trooper Brian Encinia who arrested Bland, his agency, Waller County, two of the jail employees and ten Waller County officials. The suit seeks unspecified damages.While no one from the Waller County Jail was indicted on murder charges, Brian Encinia was indicted on perjury charges. The charges stem from his testimony, under oath, regarding his actions on the day Bland was arrested.Video of the encounter between Encinia and Bland, a Black Lives Matter activist, contradicts the trooper s statements under oath. Encinia testified that he ordered Bland to exit her vehicle in order to conduct a traffic investigation. The jury, which had access to the dashcam video, found Encinia s statement to be untrue.Sandra Bland supposedly hung herself with a plastic trash bag, three days after Encinia took her into custody. The 28-year-old civil rights leader was in the process of moving from the Chicago area to Texas, where she was scheduled to begin work at Prairie View A&M University. Those who were closest to her say that her spirits were good and she was excited at the prospect of her new job and life in Texas.Watch the video below, courtesy of Democracy Now.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5352, The Internet Isn’t Buying GOP Chair’s Blasting Of David Duke (TWEETS),"Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke is so enthralled with Donald Trump that he s been inspired to run for the Senate, but the Republican Party supposedly isn t having it. GOP chairman Reince Preibus finally said something about it, which, in and of itself is weird because Duke announced this a day ago:This is ridiculous on its face because Priebus chairs the party that nominated Donald Trump, and Donald Trump attracts white supremacists like iron filings to a rare earth magnet. Priebus might think he s telling the world that the GOP isn t made up of a bunch of bigoted hypocrites, but the Internet sees right through him. They raked Priebus over coals so hot that, if Satan were real, he d be insane with jealousy.        Indeed, Priebus is quite proud of the GOP s decision to nominate Trump, as evidenced by posts on his official Facebook page. It s only a little over the top, given how he allegedly feels about racists who spread their hate like David Duke:While Trump does denounce white supremacists to appease the press, he s always retweeting them. Also, Richard Spencer, a prominent white supremacist, pointed out that Trump must think like them, because otherwise they wouldn t be so drawn to him. They see something in his rhetoric to which the GOP s leaders have turned a completely blind eye.Priebus doesn t know this? Hard to believe. He s as transparent as clear mountain air. The GOP is officially the party of white supremacists, and his token repudiation of David Duke is way too little, way too late.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
5353, Mom Of Benghazi Victim Just DEMANDED Trump Stop Using Her Son’s Name In His Propaganda,"Donald Trump regularly references slain U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens, but the victim of the 2012 terrorist attack wouldn t want it that way, says Stevens  mother. On Saturday, the New York Times ran an open letter from Mary Commanday explaining that her son was not the sort of person who would want his name to be disgraced by its inclusion in right-wing propaganda. The letter was short and not-so-sweet, serving as two paragraphs of  f*ck you  for Trump and the rest of the Republican Party, who have spent years reducing Commanday s son to a political talking point:To the Editor:As Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens s mother, I am writing to object to any mention of his name and death in Benghazi, Libya, by Donald Trump s campaign and the Republican Party.I know for certain that Chris would not have wanted his name or memory used in that connection. I hope that there will be an immediate and permanent stop to this opportunistic and cynical use by the campaign.Oakland, Calif.Commanday s request comes on the heels of Stevens  sister telling the Right to stop exploiting her brother s death last month in an interview with The New Yorker. Anne Stevens told the publication that she doesn t blame Clinton for her brother s death and doesn t see any usefulness in continuing to criticize her. I do not blame Hillary Clinton or [Former Secretary of Defense] Leon Panetta,  Stevens said. They were balancing security efforts at embassies and missions around the world. And their staffs were doing their best to provide what they could with the resources they had. This was, of course, confirmed by the results of the eleventy-billionth Republican Benghazi investigation, which once again cleared Clinton of wrongdoing. With the many issues in the current election, to use that incident and to use Chris s death as a political point is not appropriate,  Anne Stevens said.Will Trump and the rest of the GOP respect Stevens  family s wishes? Of course not   because they don t actually care about the victims, do they?Featured image via CBS/Getty Images (David Becker)",0
5354, WATCH: BIll Maher Noticed Something Really Disturbing About Trump’s RNC Speech,"The internet went wild mocking Melania Trump this week. That is because of the fact that a large portion of the speech she gave at the Republican National Convention contained an entire section that was stolen from Michelle Obama s speech that she gave at the Democratic National Convention in 2008.As worthy as that speech was of mockery, Trump s speech was the one that was truly worthy of condemnation. Who better to do that than Bill Maher?During a monologe on Real Time, Maher lambasted the newly officiated GOP presidential candidate s speech.  Did you see Donald Trump s speech? If that had been any darker it would have been shot by the police,  Maher said.Maher went on to say that: He used the word  violence  a dozen times, the word  murder  a half-dozen times   and that was just the part about Ted Cruz. I tell you, that was a rough speech. Maher mocked the brutal imagery that Trump used during his speech. We are a shining city on a hill where we will make our last stand against the zombies. And ISIS and illegal immigrants are coming to kill us all. The use of appeals to fear in order to move people to justify violent actions are nothing new at the RNC. However, this year the speeches were particularly disturbing because they were more overt .with their bloodlust this year. They should serve as a reminder of just how dangerous Republicans are. It is more important than ever to oust the GOP from power at every level of government. Trump s speech proved that.You can watch the monolog below in full.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5355, WATCH: Trump Supporter Just Mocked Hispanics By Insulting The Spanish Language On CNN,"And Republicans wonder why they are not doing well among Hispanics.On Friday, Hillary Clinton announced US Senator from Virginia Tim Kaine as her vice-presidential running mate. Kaine, who speaks fluent Spanish, used his language skills during a rally with Clinton on Saturday.And Donald Trump supporter Scottie Nell Hughes had a problem with it. I appreciate him having multi-cultural and speaking Spanish, I think that s a great idea,  she claimed before demonstrating Trump s nativism.  And we can all bring out our languages. Melania can come out and speak her five different languages as well, but what Mr. Trump did, he spoke in a language that all Americans can understand. That is English! Of course, she couldn t resist insulting Hispanics and the Spanish language either. And that is one good thing that was great I thought. I didn t have to get a translator for anything that was going on at the RNC this week. And I m hoping I m not gonna have to start brushing up back on my  Dora the Explorer  to understand some of the speeches given this week. Here s the video via YouTube.Trump and Republicans already face serious backlash from Hispanic voters in November since the Republican nominee has been insulting them since the first day of his campaign. According to Gallup, Trump is viewed unfavorably by 77 percent of Hispanics.As Gallup noted:The major factor most likely contributing to Trump s image deficit among Hispanics is one of the first highly publicized controversies of his presidential campaign in June, when he called for building a giant wall along the Mexican border. He also characterized Mexicans coming into the U.S. as drug traffickers and rapists. Since then, Trump s strong and controversial stances against other immigrant groups may have reinforced the ill will among Hispanics, the majority of whom immigrated to this country within the last several generations.Just like the women vote, Trump could end up losing a larger percentage of the Hispanic vote tha MItt Romney did in 2012 and Hillary Clinton could win both groups by larger margins than President Obama did.And conservative hatred of Dora the Explorer is well documented.According to Alternet:Dora the Explorer is an adorable 8-year-old brown girl who travels the world on missions and teaches kids Spanish in each episode. The cartoon is almost universally loved, and when it emerged it felt revolutionary young girls of color could see themselves being strong and adventurious just as they were forming their perceptions of self. But when the state of Arizona began its racist crusade against Latinos under the guise of curbing immigration, some extreme right-wingers saw Dora as a good high-profile way to perpetuate their racism without actually targeting anyone real. In 2010, a fake mug shot of Dora looking beat up and holding the sign  Illegal Border Crossing Resisting Arrest  appeared on right-wing sites. Keep in mind, Dora is supposed to be eight! If there s any question about the vitriol the right harbors toward undocumented immigrants, look no further.In short, this is why Hispanics hate Republicans right now. Clearly, that Hispanic outreach the GOP promised after their crushing defeat in 2012 never happened.Featured image via screen capture",0
5356, Trump’s White Supremacist Fans Say ‘Rational’ Approach Will Help Achieve Ethnic Cleansing Of U.S.,"Everyone thinks of people like the KKK when they think of white supremacists. Indeed, it s no secret that the KKK s former Grand Wizard, David Duke, loves Donald Trump. However, there are other white supremacists here who are far less obvious, and therefore, more insidious, than anything groups like the KKK could do. They appeared at the Republican National Convention in droves to cheer on their hero, Donald Trump.This group is well-heeled, well-dressed, clean-cut, and they want to remove everyone who isn t white and Christian from this country. Literally. They think Trump will help them further their  rational  arguments in support of an actual ethnic cleansing of the U.S. Following Trump s disaster of a speech at the Republican National Convention, Richard Spencer, a very prominent white supremacist, said: We ll help [blacks, Jews, Hispanics, etc.] go somewhere else. I m not a maniac.I know in order to achieve what I want to achieve, you have to deal with people rationally. Because expelling most of the U.S.  population is a completely rational position to have.He is a maniac   he just can t see it.After Trump s Thursday speech, Spencer and others spoke to a member of the Republican Jewish Coalition as well as an executive from another major Jewish group, and these two were shocked at how cavalier he and his group were in totally dismissing their concerns out of hand, like they re second-class citizens.To these people, though, they are second-class citizens. And these are the kinds of people Donald Trump draws to him, and only rejects them when the press pushes him on it. His campaign slogan is a magnet for white supremacists. In fact, Spencer actually said: Trust me. Trump thinks like me. Do you think it s a coincidence that everybody like me loves Trump and supports him? He s not wrong. His Royal Whiteness has called for deporting 11 million undocumented immigrants, barring Muslims from entering the country, and says he s the  law and order candidate  who will stop the  terrorists  that are Black Lives Matter. It s actually not a surprise that white supremacists love him.But don t call them  white supremacists!  They like  Europeanists,   alt-right,  and  white nationalists.  In other words, they use terms that couch their white supremacy in something that they think sounds less bigoted, so they can turn more people into bigots.Spencer is actually on the Southern Poverty Law Center s radar because he pushes Aryan Nation ideals so hard. He believes that the ethnic cleansing required to return  dispossessed  white people to their rightful place on high should be peaceful, but should definitely happen post haste. He s called Martin Luther King, Jr. a fraud and degenerate, and he s said that immigration is a proxy war against white people whose grandchildren would find themselves in a country  alien and hostile  if action isn t taken.The sickest part of this is that Spencer not only thinks he and his positions are rational, but that Trump will  cleanse  this country in a calm and rational manner, because if ethnic cleansing is just done right, it won t in unrest or violence and will put white people back into their ivory towers. These people are one of the primary reasons Trump is so dangerous.Featured image via William Thomas Cain/Getty Images",0
5357, Elizabeth Warren Gives Trump Bad News After He Mocks Her For Not Getting VP Spot (TWEETS),"Hillary Clinton announced her choice of Virginia Senator Tim Kaine as her vice-presidential selection on Friday and, of course, Trump used the moment to mock Elizabeth Warren.In yet another effort to divide Democrats as the DNC Convention in Philadelphia approaches, Trump took to Twitter on Saturday morning to bully the Massachusetts Senator because she wasn t picked as Clinton s running mate. Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn t chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate,  Trump wrote before adding,  Also, Crooked Hillary hates her! Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn t chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 23, 2016Once again, the Republican nominee mocked Warren s Native American heritage and belittled her effort to fight for poor and middle class Americans in the US Senate.But Warren didn t let Trump get away with it and she responded by giving Trump bad news. I m right where I want to be, @realDonaldTrump,  she wrote.  Calling you out & holding you responsible for your reckless vision for America.  I m right where I want to be, @realDonaldTrump: Calling you out & holding you responsible for your reckless vision for America.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 23, 2016One would think Donald Trump had learned his lesson about attacking Elizabeth Warren by now. After all, when he threw a temper tantrum by call her  lazy,  as well as a  fraud  and  Pocahontas  last weekend because she shredded his veep choice Indiana Governor Mike Pence, Warren ripped him a new one for it with a series of tweets that were a direct hit on how Trump is the REAL fraud.Here s just a few of them.You want to talk about who s a fraud, @realDonaldTrump? How about this? https://t.co/5UB05u8L4x pic.twitter.com/sTQrNKOoA1  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016 Or this, @realDonaldTrump? https://t.co/HPPihIjqpX pic.twitter.com/dbhtFbhYF0  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016Or this, @realDonaldTrump? https://t.co/Ji9khMUbw6 pic.twitter.com/buEtsLMjfn  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016 Or this, @realDonaldTrump? https://t.co/3ernRrO7q3 pic.twitter.com/wld65MAdsj  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016Seriously, I could do this all day, @realDonaldTrump  https://t.co/Q6Tv3m1SdX pic.twitter.com/Me3CULGxTI  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016 You re nothing but a thin-skinned bully and a lousy, cheating businessman, @realDonaldTrump. The sham is over.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016Seriously, Donald. Stay down. Elizabeth Warren has already kicked your ass several times. You don t want to mess with her. Unless you like getting destroyed by strong women. In that case, just wait till November and you ll receive the biggest beating of all.Featured image via Jeff Swensen/Getty Images",0
5358, Watch Rudy Giuliani Forget He Was The Mayor Of NYC During 9/11 (VIDEO),"Appearing on Fox News, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani decided to make the bold claim that the world is more dangerous than ever after citing shootings like Orlando. He even went so far as to say: Do you ever remember the world as dangerous as this? I don t. It s like, c mon man, you were the mayor of NYC during 9/11/01, but I get it, that happened under a Republican president, and you don t want to dare insinuate your own party is weak on terror. Got it.Now, to be completely honest, it s not so much that Giuliani  forgot  he was mayor of NYC during the worst terrorist attack on American soil, but he seems to be playing completely ignorant to that fact, and is just trying to throw President Obama and Hillary Clinton under a bus.To his credit (of which he should get none) he did mention 9/11 in passing, but as if only to glaze over the fact that it was a terrorist attack on our nation, but he seems to think that what s happening now is worse than the day nearly 3,000 Americans lost their lives.His political pandering clearly knows absolutely no bounds, and should enrage us all.Watch Giuliani go on Fox News to feign complete ignorance here.Giuliani: ""Do you ever remember the world as dangerous as this? I don't."" https://t.co/uaKE0p3SjRhttps://t.co/fa9gGz91u6  Fox News (@FoxNews) July 23, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5359, Third Woman Accuses Donald Trump Of Sexual Assault,"On Wednesday, right smack dab in the middle of the Republican National Convention and Donald Trump s coronation as the party s nominee, another woman accused him of sexually assaulting her. She is the third woman to come forward with claims of the billionaire s  sexually aggressive  behavior.Jill Harth, a makeup artist, kept silent about the assault for 20 years. But when he announced he was running for president, it didn t take long for the lawsuit she had filed in 1997 accusing him of attempted rape, to be discovered. It was his response after the suit was revealed to the public that convinced her to speak out. He called her a liar and pressured her to recant her story. However, she said the  topper  was when Ivanka claimed that her father was  not a groper.  Harth said: He didn t have to say anything. For once, he should have closed his mouth. He didn t have to comment. We were on great not great, I ll take that back we were on good terms, friendly terms. He didn t he started this. What is happening now is of his own making, OK? I was quiet. Of course, Trump took to Twitter to trash the New York Times and Jill Harth:@realDonaldTrump @nytimes I didn't lie. You did. stop having your daughter lie for you. You don't give a dam what damage this caused me  Jill Harth (@jillharth) June 24, 2016Harth said she first met Trump in 1992 when she and George Houraney, her business partner and boyfriend at the time, were trying to recruit the billionaire as a partner in their beauty pageant. She claims the unwanted advances began at their very first meeting. Donald Trump stared at me throughout that meeting. He stared at me even while George was giving his presentation In the middle of it he says to George,  Are you sleeping with her?  Meaning me. And George looked a little shocked and he said,  Well, yeah.  And he goes,  Well, for the weekend or what?' According to the complaint, they had dinner with Trump at the Plaza Hotel the next night and his inappropriate behavior only escalated. Throughout the evening, Trump repeatedly groped her under the table, violating her  physical and mental integrity  by attempting to touch [her] private parts. Harth said that Trump continued to call her and tried repeatedly to convince her to come to his home for private late-night business meetings. Finally, he insisted that she and Houraney on having a meeting at his Mar-A-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida. During the meeting, Trump took the group on a tour. Then, Harth said he  forcibly  pulled her away from the group and cornered her in one of his children s rooms. He tried to make his move. He pushed me up against the wall and had his hands all over me and tried to get up my dress again. And I had to physically say,  What are you doing? Stop it.  It was a shocking thing to have him do this, because he knew that I was with George. He knew they were in the next room. And how could he be doing this when I m there for business? If it s not consensual and somebody pushes you up against a wall and is all over you? If I hadn t pushed him away, I m sure he would ve just went for it. He was aggressive. And he has a sense of entitlement. And he thinks everybody s in love with him   every woman. I ve heard him say things like this. Harth dropped her suit after Trump settled an outstanding business lawsuit with Houraney, in which they claimed the real estate tycoon broke their contract when he backed out of the American Dream festival.Harth said that the fact that everyone was rushing to defend Trump, the man who attacked her, was a large part of what convinced her that it was time to speak out. Nobody was defending me, that s why I m talking,  Harth said.  You can believe it or not, but I went through hell and I still have to relive this again. And I just, I m horrified that I have to think about this again. Naturally, Trump has denied these accusations, but it is not the first time a woman has come forward with these kinds of claims. In June, a woman filed a complaint against Trump alleging that he had violently raped her during a party at the home of Jeffrey Epstein. A witness, identified only as Tiffany Doe corroborated her claims. The first accusation of rape against the Republican nominee came from his first wife, Ivanka.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5360, WATCH: This Video Of The GOP’S Convention Horror Show Should Terrify Everyone Who Sees It,"The recently concluded Republican National Convention in Cleveland was a four-day never-ending cavalcade of dystopian nightmares, racism, fascism, sexism, and all the worst of America rolled into one.This video, produced by Blue Nation Review, compiles bits and pieces from the convention floor and the people assembled outside of the event to paint a picture of what has become of the Republican Party and the conservative movement.https://www.facebook.com/bluenationreview/videos/614383415410204/Not only does it show the convention speakers   people like Chris Christie and Rudy Giuliani   leading the crowd in bloodcurdling chants to  lock up  Hillary Clinton, but it also showcases some of the bizarre comments speakers made while speaking about why they attended.Actor Antonio Sabato Jr. points out to a shocked TV crew that he thinks Obama is a Muslim working against America, while Newt Gingrich gives Melania Trump a pass for stealing Michelle Obama s speech because she s  beautiful. Conspiracy theorist and Trump ally Alex Jones is shown, leading a rally calling for Clinton to be thrown in jail. Jones, who believes that the 9/11 attack was executed by the U.S. government, is a staunch Trump supporter, and Trump has appeared on his radio show.Even more shocking are the interviews with average Americans who attended the Convention. They proudly point out to the interviewers that they oppose same-sex rights for gays, believe that Obama is a black nationalist, blame Jews for controlling the world, and believe there isn t anything wrong with calling for white supremacy.At the end of the video, Trump is shown in his acceptance speech, dispensing with dog whistle politics as the Republican Party has previously done and instead explicitly telling these people that if elected President of the United States he will be their  voice. It is hard to watch this compilation and see the Republican Party and the conservative movement as simply a benign political movement anymore. Instead, they come across as a very clear threat to what America stands for.Featured image via screen capture",0
5361, CNN Hosts SHOCKED As Republican Says ‘White Males’ Have Been Left Out Of Politics (VIDEO),"Trump s campaign has been desperately trying to win over all the minority groups it has spent the last several months offending and excluding, and that was obvious after the pandering we saw Trump do at the Republican National Convention.Not only did Trump s daughter Ivanka talk about the gender wage gap to target women, but Trump also gave a shout-out to the LGBT community after basically ignoring them during his campaign. Regardless of these efforts to expand his reach, we all know who Trump s primary fanbase is: white men.While it s obvious to most of us just why conservative white males flock to Trump to champion their racist, misogynistic views of the world, congressman Sean Duffy (R-WI) had a completely different theory to why Trump is so popular for this demographic   white men have been neglected in politics up until Trump. In an interview with CNN, Duffy explained that it was because FINALLY, white men had a candidate that spoke to them. Referencing Trump s closing speech at the RNC, Duffy said: I think what a lot of people want, the greatest line of the speech was when he pointed at the camera and said,  I m going to fight for you.  There are so many people who feel like they ve been left aside. There s a viewpoint that says,  I can fight for minorities, and I can fight for women,  and if you get that, you make up a vast majority of the voting block and you win. And white males have been left aside a little bit in the politics of who speaks to them.White males have been left aside a little bit in the politics of who speaks to them   not in regard to the economy and culture   but who speaks to them politically. Donald Trump is, I think, speaking across a wide breadth of people in a way that I think you re going to see these numbers pop. You can watch this cringe-worthy segment below:.@RepSeanDuffy:  White males have been left aside a little bit in the politics of who speaks to them  #RNCinCLE https://t.co/tcE7ntFYNE  New Day (@NewDay) July 22, 2016The hosts were pretty much left speechless that Duffy would seriously say something this stupid out loud and on television. Duffy actually, with confidence, said that white men have finally found a candidate that plays to their concerns   nevermind the fact that 80% of Congress was composed of white males in 2015, despite that they are only 31% of the American population!This is such a horrific example of someone oblivious to white male privilege. And if anyone understands how  underprivileged  white men are in this country, surely it s Duffy, who once complained about how he s struggling to make ends meet on his measly $174,000 per year salary.Featured image via screenshot",0
5362, WATCH: The Infamous Dictator Who ALSO Said ‘Make America Great’,"Infamous Italian dictator Benito Mussolini anticipated Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump s campaign slogan 89 years before Trump first descended the escalator at his Manhattan headquarters to declare his candidacy.Mussolini visited the United States in 1927 and gave a speech that was recorded by Fox Movietone News in one of the first newsreels with audio and video. In that speech, Mussolini exhorted Americans to  make America great. I am very glad to be able to express my friendly feelings toward the American nation. Friendship with which Italy looks at millions of citizens who, from Alaska to Florida, from the Pacific to the Atlantic, live in the United States, Italy is deeply rooted in our hearts. This feeling created by mutual interests so contributed to preparation of an even brighter era in the lives of both nations.I greet with wonderful energy the American people and I see and recognize among you the salt of your land, as well as ours, my fellow citizens who are working to make America great.I salute the great American people. I salute the Italians of America who unite in a single love of two nations.Mussolini was a fascist dictator who ruled Italy with an iron fist. His regime engaged in assassination of political opponents, and put him in control of nearly all aspects of Italian life without respect for liberty and freedom of speech.A few years after this appearance, Mussolini formed a pact with Germany , forming the Axis along with Japan. Eventually, the three nations were at war against the United States, England, and Russia in World War II. They were of course, completely defeated.In 1945,Mussolini was caught and executed by his own people, shot as he tried to escape the country with his mistress. Make America Great Again  is not the only Trump slogan to be associated with fascism. Throughout his campaign, Trump has declared  America First,  which shares a name with the America First Committee. AFC was a pressure group associated with aviator Charles Lindbergh that was sympathetic to Adolph Hitler and tried to keep America out of World War II.Featured image via Youtube/Flickr",0
5363," Cory Booker EVISCERATES RNC’s Hateful Tone, ‘Lock Her Up’ Chants","Senator Cory Booker was none too happy with what went on at the Republican National Convention. The Los Angeles Times reports that the beloved New Jersey senator took to the microphone at a DNC press conference this week to express his anger over the chaotic convention, particularly with regards to the treatment of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. Booker was very concerned that his colleagues on the other side of the aisle let their convention take on such a violently vitriolic tone, saying: These chants of lock someone up, take away their liberty, throw them in prisons that s why we had a revolution in this country against those ideas. But what s worse on the spectrum of things that have been spewed in this convention, that s one of the least offensive. He continued: And no one s condemning this in the Republican Party? No one s saying this is not who America is? Senator Booker even tweeted a photo of himself hugging Hillary Clinton, with a message of solidarity pushing back against the disturbing tone of the GOP convention:Proud to be in Cleveland supporting Secretary Clinton and pushing back against the hate, hyperbole and lies. pic.twitter.com/jb2t0kH8jN  Cory Booker (@CoryBooker) July 21, 2016Unfortunately, no, the RNC isn t condemning any of this. While this isn t what America is, it is certainly what the Republican Party is. All we have to do is look at the increasing violence at Donald Trump rallies that hasn t deterred people from supporting him at all. In fact, Trump himself often encouraged that violence, right from the podium.Trump is the GOP now. He s their standard-bearer, the leader of their party. That s who they are. They have put a violent, bigoted fascist at the top of their ticket and urged people to vote for him. The hatred and bigotry running through that party is embodied in Donald Trump. I, personally, am not at all surprised that party leaders like Reince Priebus, Paul Ryan, and Mitch McConnell said nothing about the  lock her up  chants and calls for violence against Hillary Clinton. The Party of Lincoln is now the Party of Trump, and that is A-OK with the GOP. After all, it s who they ve always been, but they just needed someone to be that voice.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
5364," Ana Navarro Points Out Hispanic Outreach Differences Between Candidates, And It’s HILARIOUS (TWEET)","Well, it s official: both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have chosen their vice presidential picks, and it s time to move forward towards November. Trump picked a guy who might even fall asleep to his own voice and is a known woman-hating homophobe, better known as Mike Pence, and Hillary picked a liberal guy with a tremendous progressive record who is fluent in Spanish   Tim Kaine.Noticing the glaring contrast between the Clinton and Trump campaigns was none other than political analyst Ana Navarro. She pointed out the obvious differences in reaching out the Latino community from either campaign.Navarro said on Twitter: Hispanic Outreach: Hillary Clinton has Spanish-speaking do-gooder who was a missionary in Honduras; Trump has Joe Arpaio and a taco bowl. Hispanic Outreach: @HillaryClinton has Spanish-speaking do-gooder who was a missionary in Honduras; Trump has Joe Arpaio and a taco bowl.  Ana Navarro (@ananavarro) July 23, 2016Ha! Funny, and yet, kind of sad.Joe Arpaio, who of course is notoriously known for being the racist Sheriff from Arizona, and the infamous taco bowl is in reference to Trump s attempt to reach out to the Hispanic community on Cinco de Mayo.Whoever is going to win this election is going to need the Hispanic vote, and as far as it looks right now, Hillary Clinton is going to wipe the floor with Trump. After all, Trump refers to Mexicans as rapists and murderers, and that didn t really go over too well. Guess we ll just have to wait and see.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5365," Hillary’s Running Mate Tim Kaine: The NRA Hates Him, And He Kicked Their Butts (VIDEO)","Virginia Senator Tim Kaine has been chosen by Hillary Clinton as her running mate in the 2016 presidential election. The decision was announced on Friday night on Clinton s Twitter and Facebook accounts.Introducing Kaine, Clinton wrote:Tim is a lifelong fighter for progressive causes and one of the most qualified vice presidential candidates in our nation s history. But his credentials alone aren t why I asked him to run alongside me.Tim s a man of relentless optimism who believes no problem is unsolvable if you re willing to put in the work. That commitment to delivering results has stayed with him throughout his decades-long career as a public servant.She concluded,  So join me and Tim, and let s get to work and go win this thing. Kaine was first elected to the U.S. Senate in 2012, the year President Obama was elected to the White House.In 2005, he defeated conservative Republican Jerry Kilgore in Virginia s gubernatorial election, and served as governor of Virginia from 2006 to 2010. After that he served as Chairman of the Democratic National Committee from 2009 to 2011.Kaine received widespread kudos in Virginia for his response to the horrific Virginia Tech gun massacre where 32 people were killed:Kaine was universally praised for a sensitive and commanding response to the 2007 shootings at Virginia Tech. He returned from a trade mission to Japan and quickly gathered highly regarded experts to lead an inquiry. After the panel reached its conclusions, Kaine was able to get sweeping mental-health reforms passed in the General Assembly.That made him even more of an annoyance to the NRA, and while they have spent heavily to hurt him (and they gave him an  F  for his record on guns), he beat them and won. A few months ago he backed up Clinton for speaking out about guns and the NRA.Other Democrats argue that Clinton has nothing to lose. Sen. Timothy M. Kaine (D-Va.) said the NRA has become a  paper tiger,  noting the elections he s won despite the NRA s vocal opposition. Kaine said: I think she has no illusion that even if she didn t say a word about guns, the NRA would be out there blasting her to say she had a conspiratorial plan to work with the U.N. to take everybody s guns away, so why not go head-on on an issue that will improve safety. Well, if the NRA hates him, that s definitely a great check mark for Senator Kaine. Congratulations on your selection, Senator. Clinton/Kaine 2016!Featured image via YouTube",0
5366, Police Officer Warns About White Cops ‘Looking For A Reason To Kill A Black Man’ (IMAGE),"A black Cincinnati police officer is currently receiving backlash over a controversial Facebook post where he warned his African-American friends and family about white officers that may be targeting them because of their race.Officer Freddie Vincent had shared the message earlier this month, which instructed black people on what to do if they happen to get stopped by police. The post read: A message to all my Afro America friends and family. When you are encountered by a white officer make sure that you are in a public place, and comply to all of their commands, because they are looking for a reason to kill a black man. And always keep your hands in the air, and never resist. I m so tired of cops using these famous words  I was in fear of my life.  I m praying for Louisiana, that could have been my nephew in B.R. FacebookThis post was written after the high profile police brutality incidents in Louisiana and Minnesota, so it is perfectly understandable why those tragedies would be weighing on Vincent s heart and he would want to warn his loved ones of the dangers they might encounter. Vincent also had other posts on his Facebook account that addressed police brutality. One of them, posted on July 12, was an illustration on 10 rules of survival if stopped by the police.  Vincent commented over the illustration: I can t promise you that this is 100% true, but it s about 85% to 95% and you just might make it home safely. Unfortunately, Vincent s post has landed him in hot water. According to Cincinnati Police Chief Eliot Isaac, Vincent s post is being reviewed to see if it falls within the department s  social media procedure and our rules and regulations.  In a statement, Isaac said: The Cincinnati Police Department strives to maintain a culture of professionalism, as well as transparency and accountability for our actions. I am proud of the work of the men and women of the Cincinnati Police Department and our efforts to work collaboratively with the community. We are aware of a recent post to a commonly used social media site by one of our officers that refers to an interpretation of a law enforcement officer s actions. The comments that were posted are under review as they relate to our Social Media procedure and our Rules and Regulations. A panel discussion was later held at New Prospect Baptist Church in Roselawn, where an audience asked Isaac if there was racism in the Cincinnati Police Department. Isaac responded: I don t think anyone can say there is not racism inside the department. Vincent s post may be even more prominent now, as we are seeing situations where black men are doing everything that police tell them to, and still being shot. Just earlier this week, unarmed black man Charles Kinsey was shot with his hands in the air while trying to take care of a patient with autism. Fortunately, Kinsey lived but many are not so lucky. Referencing Kinsey s incident, Bishop Bobby Hilton of Word of Deliverance Ministries and president of the local chapter of civil rights group National Action Network commented on this horrific incident: When there is a hint of this, that we have police officers who have this thought process about black men, these officers have to be dismissed. We are now seeing situations in Minnesota and Florida, where black men are doing what they are told by police   putting their hands up, complying with all instructions   and they are still shot. It s understandable why Vincent s posts have caused a stir, but to pretend that there wasn t some truth to what he was saying is ignorant. African Americans have been targeted and mistreated by police for far too long, and it is a situation that must be addressed.Featured image via Flickr",0
5367," Hillary Delayed Telling Staff Her VP Pick, Instead Left Roses For Orlando Victims (IMAGES)","Donald Trump has been touting himself as a pro-LGBT candidate because he s going to kill Muslims or something, but one thing he has never done is pay more than lip service to the LGBT community. But he doesn t walk the walk. He hasn t spoken out against his party s platform, which actively seeks to oppress anyone who is not as straight as Laura Ingraham s arm at the end of her RNC speech. Donald Trump says he supports the LGBT community, but he does so just as much as he supports African-Americans, Muslims, Jewish people, and anyone who isn t a white Christian who keeps his good set of sheets in the closet.On Friday, Hillary Clinton met privately with the families of Pulse Night Club victims  and first responders in Orlando. There was no press release. She didn t hype the visit. She met with the families and held a roundtable discussion  with community leaders.Clinton VP speculation is everywhere, except in this solemn Orlando room where she s discussing the Pulse shooting pic.twitter.com/N1S7KeVU4v  Jennifer Epstein (@jeneps) July 22, 2016 Hillary Clinton meets with families of Pulse nightclub victims and holds round table with Orlando community leaders. pic.twitter.com/cgKQefXZqy  Steve Bousquet (@stevebousquet) July 22, 2016Clinton sits down for conversation with Pulse nightclub victims  families and first responders. pic.twitter.com/aXQxJBWls9  Amy Chozick (@amychozick) July 22, 2016 Per an aide, Clinton met privately with friends and family of the victims of the Pulse Nightclub shooting. Event starting now.  Tamara Keith (@tamarakeithNPR) July 22, 2016Clinton then visited the Pulse Nightclub to pay her respects to victims, even apparently delaying her announcement of her Vice Presidential pick to do so. An NBC political reporter says that her staff was told to wait to learn of her decision until an  undisclosed time. Clinton s BK HQ staff went into 3:00 meeting expecting to hear VP pick, but told will have to wait until  undisclosed time,  per source.  Alex Seitz-Wald (@aseitzwald) July 22, 2016Here are some photos from her visit. Hillary Clinton is now at Orlando s Pulse nightclub, where she ll pay her respects and meet with first responders  Jennifer Epstein (@jeneps) July 22, 2016Clinton speaking to first responders at Pulse nightclub memorial in Orlando. Laid white roses at the memorial. pic.twitter.com/ozmhAClfVW  Tamara Keith (@tamarakeithNPR) July 22, 2016 Clinton at Pulse with a bouquet of white roses. No words to describe seeing the tributes to victims here. pic.twitter.com/gBREfqV0fY  Ruby Cramer (@rubycramer) July 22, 2016Clinton outside Pulse in Orlando pic.twitter.com/jWcu5azhLD  Jennifer Epstein (@jeneps) July 22, 2016 Clinton stands with first responders, Mayor Dyer and Senator Nelson pic.twitter.com/OJhGj1HkUq  Jennifer Epstein (@jeneps) July 22, 2016Hillary Clinton is paying respects at the Pulse nightclub memorial in Orlando pic.twitter.com/zF6fw8sw6D  Monica Alba (@albamonica) July 22, 2016Why hasn t Clinton visited until now? Buzzfeed reports that Orlando commissioner Patty Sheehan tearfully thanked Clinton for not politicizing the visit, and for waiting until they as a community were ready for such a visit. She was waiting for the right time.  I want to thank you for not politicizing this, and for waiting until we were ready,  Orlando commissioner Patty Sheehan tells HRC tearfully  Ruby Cramer (@rubycramer) July 22, 2016This is something you will likely never see from Donald Trump. He doesn t care about actual, real, live people (unless they are wealthy and/or fit into his very tight  accepted  demographic groups). This was a very human moment for Clinton. You can see that she genuinely cares about the lives that were lost. It is clear that this visit was about the victims rather than furthering her political career.Remember this moment when you head to the polls. Do you think Trump would do this? Do you think he even cares?Featured image via Twitter",0
5368, Lifetime Texas Republican Leaves The GOP In Epic Resignation Letter,"Republicans continue to jump the sinking ship that chose Donald Trump to be their captain.Chris Ladd has been a Republican for 30 years now. He is so hardcore that he s even a friend of former Texas Governor Rick Perry and thought the world of Ronald Reagan.But now that the party has chosen Donald Trump as their 2016 nominee, Ladd wants nothing more to do with the GOP any longer, and he tore Republicans a new one in a letter he wrote announcing his resignation from the York Township Republican Committeemen s Organization and it is an epic read. At the national level, the delusions necessary to sustain our Cold War coalition were becoming dangerous long before Donald Trump arrived,  Ladd pointed out.  From tax policy to climate change, we have found ourselves less at odds with philosophical rivals than with the fundamentals of math, science and objective reality. And then Donald Trump came along and made the party even worse. From his fairy-tale wall to his schoolyard bullying and his flirtation with violent racists, Donald Trump offers America a singular narrative   a tale of cowards. Fearful people, convinced of our inadequacy, trembling before a world alight with imaginary threats, crave a demagogue. Neither party has ever elevated to this level a more toxic figure, one that calls forth the darkest elements of our national character.With three decades invested in the Republican Party, there is a powerful temptation to shrug and soldier on. Despite the bold rhetoric, we all know Trump will lose. Why throw away a great personal investment over one bad nominee? Trump is not merely a poor candidate, but an indictment of our character. Preserving a party is not a morally defensible goal if that party has lost its legitimacy. Ladd goes on to reminisce about Reagan s positive message and then sharply rebukes Republicans for abandoning their morality to pledge their allegiance to a fascist who has none. Fast-forward to our present leadership and the nature of our dilemma is clear. I watched Paul Ryan speak at Donald Trump s convention the way a young child watches his father march off to prison. Thousands of Republican figures that loathe Donald Trump, understand the danger he represents, and privately hope he loses, are publicly declaring their support for him. In Illinois our local and state GOP organizations, faced with a choice, have decided on complicity.Our leaders  compromise preserves their personal capital at our collective cost. Their refusal to dissent robs all Republicans of moral cover. Evasion and cowardice has prevailed over conscience. We are now, and shall indefinitely remain, the Party of Donald Trump.I will not contribute my name, my work, or my character to an utterly indefensible cause. No sensible adult demands moral purity from a political party, but conscience is meaningless without constraints. A party willing to lend its collective capital to Donald Trump has entered a compromise beyond any credible threshold of legitimacy. There is no redemption in being one of the  good Nazis. I hereby resign my position as a York Township Republican committeeman. My thirty-year tenure as a Republican is over. Ladd is absolutely right. The Republican Party has shattered any claim they had of being the morally superior party precisely because they are supporting a man who does not share their values. Furthermore, they are supporting a man who uses fear as a political tool and has a pessimistic view of America.This is not a sign of good news for the Republican Party or Donald Trump. Trump has seriously created a rift in the party between moderate Republicans and conservatives that could cost the GOP dearly on Election Day. The Republican Party needs more than just their base to win a general election and that means they need moderate voters like Ladd in order to have a chance at winning.If more people like Ladd continue to leave the Republican Party because of Donald Trump, the GOP is finished.Featured Image: Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
5369, President Obama Smacks Down Trump’s Bullsh*t — Claims ‘Don’t Jibe With The Facts’ (VIDEO),"Donald Trump made a lot of bullshit claims during his speech on the final night of the Republican National Convention. On Friday, President Obama fact-checked the GOP nominee and said that the fears he expressed at the RNC simply don t  jive with the facts. The president was answering questions during a press conference following a meeting with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto. He was asked about his reaction to the RNC. Obama wasn t about to let the lies and twisting of facts Trump tried to pass off as truth go unchecked.During his speech accepting the Republican nomination, Trump tried to claim that crimes rates, particularly homicides, had risen under Obama. The president took the opportunity on Monday to smack this down. Some of the fears that were expressed throughout the week just don t jive with the facts,  said President Obama.  When it comes to crime, the violent crime rate in America has been lower during my presidency than any time in the last three, four decades. And although it is true we ve seen an uptick in murders and violent crime in some cities this year, the fact of the matter is the murder rate today, the violence rate today is far lower than when Ronald Reagan was president, and lower than when I took office. Obama also noted that intentional killings of police officers are also lower than they were when Reagan was in office and when he took office.You can watch President Obama give Trump a dose of reality here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXOOhJMZMEw]Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
5370, George Harrison Reaches Out From The Grave (Sort Of) To Destroy Donald Trump (TWEETS),"Former Beatle George Harrison s estate is livid today after his song,  Here Comes the Sun  was played at the Republican National Convention.While Harrison is no longer with us, his estate certainly is, and it appears that they ve maintained some of Harrison s values. They tweeted this to the Trump campaign:The unauthorized use of #HereComestheSun at the #RNCinCLE is offensive & against the wishes of the George Harrison estate.  George Harrison (@GeorgeHarrison) July 22, 2016They weren t against the use of all his music, though: If it had been Beware of Darkness, then we MAY have approved it! #TrumpYourself  George Harrison (@GeorgeHarrison) July 22, 2016Not surprisingly, the right-wing bully isn t too well liked in the music world. These 17 musicians have brutally said #NoTrump.A few months ago, Trump was told by the Rolling Stones that he needs to stop using their music.Trump has featured the track during his campaign, even drawing the ire of the Rolling Stones earlier this year.  The Rolling Stones have never given permission to the Trump campaign to use their songs and have requested that they cease all use immediately,  a spokesperson for the band said in a statement.Source: Entertainment WeeklySo, what did Trump and the GOP do? They delivered a great big middle finger to the Stones and to the #NeverTrump movement at the Republican National Convention and played it out with  You Can t Always Get What You Want. Let s call that a bookend. The convention opened by playing Queen s  We Are the Champions,  to which the remaining members of Queen quickly objected   after all, Freddie Mercury was LGBT and the 2016 Republican platform is the most anti-LGBT yet.An unauthorised use at the Republican Convention against our wishes   Queen  Queen (@QueenWillRock) July 19, 2016Legally, it s possible that neither Harrison s estate nor Queen, nor any other of the rock stars who ve been wronged by Trump can do much about it. Candidates do need to buy permission to use music, but that often comes in a package. In other words, they buy rights to use music from the catalogues of organizations like Broadcast Music Inc (BMI) and the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP). In other words, they were likely within their legal rights, but that doesn t mean musicians should shut up. They should let their opinions be known, loudly, as we all should.Featured image of Beatles by Les Lee of Getty Images | Featured image of Donald Trump by Alex Wong of Getty Images",0
5371," Elizabeth Warren Calls Trump A ‘Two-Bit Dictator,’ Slams His RNC Speech","America got i s first true glimpse of a Trump presidency on the final night of the RNC. Instead of a speech focused on the economy and bringing back jobs to the United States, the charade delivered by the Republican presidential candidate was filled with hate and fear, resembling an almost Nixon-esque rhetoric not seen in almost fifty years.The nation needs to wake up. Luckily, we have Elizabeth Warren to help us do that.While appearing on CBS  Late Night with Stephen Colbert immediately following Trump s speech, Warren (who has been rumored as a potential VP choice for Hillary Clinton), slammed the Republican candidate for sounding like a  two-bit dictator  and chided him for his divisive rhetoric: What Donald Trump says is there s a problem out there and what you have to understand is that it s all about each other. What you need to be afraid of is every other American. I ve got to tell you, that speech tonight, he sounded like some two-bit dictator of some country that you couldn t find on a map. Through the applause and a hilarious  defense  of Trump from Colbert, Warren doubled down: He sounded like a dictator of a small country rather than a man who is running for the highest office of the strongest democracy on the face of the earth. That s what he sounded like. And just like that, Elizabeth Warren summed up exactly how we all feel. To put it plainly, as Warren did,  Donald Trump is a bad guy. Elizabeth Warren has been a special thorn in Donald Trump s side. No one, not the media or even Hillary Clinton, has gotten under Trump s skin more than she has. An attack dog in her own right, Warren has been absolutely spot on in her criticism of the potential fascist-in-chief: he s a thin skinned, dictating fraud.We learned earlier this week that Trump has no plan to actually take on the domestic or foreign roles needed to make a great president. That s what Mike Pence will be for.Hopefully Warren will reiterate her observations come the Democratic National Convention, where substance (not just venom) will be front and center for the whole country, and indeed the whole world, to see.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
5372, WATCH: Nicolle Wallace Declares The Republican Party Dead After Trump’s Acceptance Speech,"Conservatives may have the nominee they wanted but they killed the Republican Party in the process and   perhaps just guaranteed their own political doom for generations.That s what Republican strategist Nicolle Wallace felt like after Donald Trump concluded his acceptance speech on Thursday night.Throughout his speech, Trump attacked Hillary Clinton and President Obama and vowed to turn America into a nation that would be totally unrecognizable and unfriendly to our allies and ourselves.Trump wants to approach every problem from a business perspective and thinks he can bully our allies to renegotiate longstanding treaties without consequences.To him, everything is broken in America and he wants to rebuild it his way from the top down or destroy things altogether if conservatives want him to do so.He wants America to be feared instead of respected and wants to return to a pre-World War II political philosophy that led to such a war in the first place.So it s no wonder why Wallace lamented the death of her party in a discussion with Chuck Todd at the RNC Convention as Trump s speech came to a close. You know, listening to this, I was struck by two things that I always believed during my two decades in the Republican politics. One, the voters always get it right. And two, the Republican Party that I worked for for two decades died in this room tonight. We are now represented as a party by a man who believes in protectionism, isolationism and nativism. And those are the forces that George W. Bush and, I believe, John McCain were most worried about during their times as the leaders of the Republican Party. Indeed, George W. Bush is worried that he may end up being the last Republican president precisely because of how extreme Trump is.Chuck Todd asked Wallace if she really believes the party is dead, and she didn t back down. Well, the voters picked this guy, this is where the Republican Party is now. They now are attracted to those forces of isolationism and protectionism. But the party I was part of for two decades is dead. Here s the video via YouTube.Hopefully, voters are smart enough to vote against Trump in November, especially Republican voters who want their party to remain viable in the future.Featured image via YouTube",0
5373, Jailers Left Paralyzed Man On Cell Floor For Five Days Before He Died (VIDEO),"Over the course of five days, Tulsa deputies watched 37-year-old Elliot Williams slowly die on the floor of his cell.According to court documents filed in Oklahoma District Court, in October 2011, Williams was arrested on a misdemeanor charge of resisting an officer. A U.S. military veteran, his family reports that he was diagnosed with bipolar disorder while serving in the military.On the night he was arrested, Williams  family had taken him to a hotel in Owasso, OK, because he was having marital problems and experiencing symptoms of mental illness. His family states that he had not slept in days and was threatening to kill himself. While at the hotel, Williams reportedly caused a disturbance, resulting in Owasso police being called to the scene.Once police arrived, Williams failed to comply with the officers  orders, threatening to kill himself. Instead of waiting for mental health professionals, deputies pepper-sprayed him and placed him under arrest.Once he was in police custody, court documents show that Williams began to slip further into his mental illness. He stripped himself of his clothing, crawled under a bench and began barking like a dog. The Frontier reports that he was transferred from the Owasso jail to the Tulsa jail, after these events.In spite of repeated threats of suicide, Williams was never placed on suicide watch. Instead, he was placed in a regular holding cell. Less than an hour later he rammed his own head into a steel door. He fell to the floor and began crying out for help, telling jail staff that he couldn t move and that he had broken his neck.Over the course of the next ten hours, Williams remained motionless on the floor of the holding cell. He received no medical attention during this time. The Frontier reports that multiple staff, including jail supervisors, were aware of Williams  condition.The following morning Williams was visited by the jail nurse. Instead of providing medical attention, the nurse cussed at and berated Williams, telling him that he should be  ashamed  of himself, to get his  nasty ass  in the shower, and to  quit fucking faking. A short time later, two officers placed the paralyzed man on a gurney. According to court documents, they then dumped Mr. Williams off the gurney into the shower where Williams hit his head with a  smack.  Williams was left in the shower for three hours, unable to move.Over the next three days, multiple members of the jail staff expressed concern about Williams  condition. No one called for outside help or provided him with adequate medical treatment. During this time, a detention officer had to  pour water into his mouth  and feed him by holding his head up.An LPN, Raymond Stiles, reportedly checked on Williams during this time. It is not clear what kind of treatment or examination Stiles provided to the paralyzed man, but in a  progress note,  written after the visit, the nurse wrote Wants to be waited on. On October 24, Williams was also briefly visited by John Bell, a member of the jail s mental health staff. Williams told Bell he was paralyzed and told him  I want water.  Bell s notes state that he provided Williams with  coping skills education. On October 25, Williams was seen for 12 minutes by Dr. Stephen Harnish, the jail psychiatrist. Again he repeated his claim that he had broken his neck and could not move. Harnish also ignored his condition. As noted in the court records: Instead of providing or ordering medical care, Harnish ordered jail staff to place Mr. Williams in Medical Cell number 1, which would be his burial crypt.   The remainder of Williams  life was recorded by a video camera. Watch the video below, courtesy of The Frontier.On Wednesday, U.S. District Court Judge John Dowdell ruled that a lawsuit filed by Williams  family could proceed.In his ruling, Dowdell stated: A reasonable jury could find that Mr. Williams  needs were obvious to any layperson. They could also find that the medical unit-wide attitude of inhumanity and indifference shown to him, which resulted in the delay and denial of medical care in the face of his symptoms that were obviously indicative of a serious medical condition or medical emergency, amounted to deliberate indifference. Featured image via video screen capture via The Frontier on Vimeo ",0
5374, Bernie Sanders DESTROYS Trump During His Coronation From The Comfort Of His Armchair,"Remember when Donald Trump said he would debate Bernie Sanders and then refused to do so when Sanders accepted? Well, now we know how it would have gone.During Trump s coronation at the RNC Convention, the Vermont Senator sat back at home and responded to Trump s acceptance speech on Twitter and the result clearly shows that Sanders can wipe the floor with Trump on social media or in person.Of course, Sanders targeted Trump s economic proposals in particular, but he also counter-punched the Republican nominee on his Middle East policy, students loans, the Supreme Court, and Citizens United all while lampooning Trump for using other nations to manufacture his products.#RNCwithBernie pic.twitter.com/x5nuSI6AuN  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016 Will Trump mention climate change, the great environmental crisis of our time? Been waiting for a year now. #RNCwithBernie  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016Those who voted for me will not support Trump who has made bigotry and divisiveness the cornerstone of his campaign. #RNCwithBernie  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016 We believe in bringing people together, not dividing them up.  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016Trump is wrong. The real cause of instability in the Middle East was the Bush-Cheney invasion of Iraq. By the way, where is President Bush?  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016 Trump s big economic plans: Give trillions in tax breaks to millionaires, refuse to raise the federal minimum wage. #RNCwithBernie  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016Trump s economic plan: $3.2 trillion in tax breaks for millionaires, cut programs for low-income Americans. #RNCwithBernie  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016 What a hypocrite! If Trump wants to  fix  trade he can start by making his products in the US, not low-wage countries abroad. #RNCwithBernie  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016Fix trade. Stop manufacturing Trump shirts in Bangladesh at 30-cents an hour. #RNCwithBernie  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016 Fix trade. Stop manufacturing Trump ties in China.  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016Fix trade. Stop manufacturing Trump clothing in Mexico. #RNCwithBernie  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016 Citizens United is one of the worst decisions in our history. Will Trump mention it or is he too afraid of the Koch brothers? #RNCwithBernie  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016Still waiting for a single word about covering the 28 million Americans without health insurance. I guess they don t matter much to Trump.  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016 Trump:  I alone can fix this.  Is this guy running for president or dictator? #RNCwithBernie  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016Trump:  I alone can fix this.  Maybe he doesn t understand that a president has to work with Congress. #RNCwithBernie  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016 Looks like Ted Cruz was right about one thing. Trump does not understand what the Constitution is about. #RNCwithBernie  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016Our movement understands that what we don t need is Trump s huge tax breaks for millionaires. #RNCwithBernie  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016 Trump thinks climate change is a  hoax.  My supporters understand that we must move away from fossil fuels, not expand them. #RNCwithBernie  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016Will there be one word about student debt or making college affordable? Or just concerned about more tax breaks for the rich? #RNCwithBernie  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016 Trump s economic plan: same old, same old trickle-down economics. Pathetic. #RNCwithBernie  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016Trump s economic plan: let states lower the federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour, already a starvation wage.  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016 Trump s Supreme Court nominees would, like Scalia, oppose a woman s right to choose, support Citizens United and gut the Voting Rights Act.  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 22, 2016Bernie definitely made it clear that Donald Trump is NOT a viable alternative for his supporters to turn to in the wake of his endorsement of Hillary Clinton. Sanders understands that Trump would be a disaster for this country and going forward a little by voting for Hillary is way better than going completely backwards by voting for Trump.Oh, and it s also pretty clear that Sanders kicked Trump s ass.Featured image via Twitter",0
5375, RNC Blasts White Supremacist’s Tweet On Big Screen During Trump’s Speech (IMAGES),"It happened again. One would assume that after Monday s debacle when the RNC displayed a white supremacist s tweet on a marquee scrolling around the building, they would check what they put up there. On the third night of the GOP convention, a tweet from white power organization VDARE heaped praise on Republicans for getting the  crowd fired up against illegal immigration.  On Thursday, the GOP gave voice to yet another white supremacist, this time (appropriately) during Donald Trump s speech.The most recent tweet was written by the account @Western_Triumph, whose profile description is loaded with a number of alarming hashtags, including #ProWhite, #RaceRealist, #SlayCulturalMarxism, #LoveYourRace, and #Trump2016. On the big screen in the Quicken Loans Arena about midway through Trump s acceptance speech,  Western Triumph  quoted The Donald and added that  It s time to start WINNING again!  The hashtag #TrumpIsWithYou was added for effect, likely because there is a sentiment in the white nationalist community that Trump is, indeed, with them.This is running on the tweet screen loop here at #RNCinCLE check out the account. pic.twitter.com/9kgpzBLrlK  Andy Aplikowski (@AAARF) July 22, 2016Here are some other tweets from that account:.@Lesdoggg is your typical, entitled black woman:She dishes out plenty of hate to whites, but cries ""racist"" when they hit back!#FreeMilo  Western Triumph (@Western_Triumph) July 20, 2016So some ugly, talentless, sheboon from Ghostbusters went crying to @Jack, to make twitter her personal safe space? Fuck that! #FreeMilo  Western Triumph (@Western_Triumph) July 20, 2016Hillary says whites should ""recognize our privilege"".I say whites should recognize (((the traitors))), and begin the Great Purge!  Western Triumph (@Western_Triumph) July 18, 2016Close down every mosque in the US,Bulldoze the buildings,Salt the earth,Deport Muslims back to the Middle East!Make America Safe Again!  Western Triumph (@Western_Triumph) July 18, 2016If police can aggressively patrol black, latino, and muslim neighborhoods, We'll finally be able to Make America Safe Again.  Western Triumph (@Western_Triumph) July 18, 2016Wanna Make America Safe Again?Let cops heavily patrol black ghettos.Blacks = 13% of population,Yet are 33% of rapes, & 50% of homicides.  Western Triumph (@Western_Triumph) July 18, 2016Blacks have no idea how blessed they were To be dragged out of Africa, and brought to a place full of #WhiteInventions. They're lucky.  Western Triumph (@Western_Triumph) July 11, 2016Just a few notable #WhiteInventions are:CannabilismAIDSTwerkingSickle Cell Disea..Wait, hold on, those are #BlackInventions. My bad!  Western Triumph (@Western_Triumph) July 11, 2016#WhitePrivilegeMeans you need to work harder, so your taxes can pay for Laquisha's 8th ghetto baby, now that the baby-daddy 'done run off'!  Western Triumph (@Western_Triumph) July 9, 2016Western Triumph also retweets Trump incessantly. It took all of 30 seconds to find those   and with as choreographed as the RNC was, one would be quite naive to think they didn t check out and approve tweets that were displayed for the crowd.This isn t the first or the second time the Trump campaign has given voice to white supremacists. In a single week in January, more than half of Trump s own retweets were white supremacists praising him. In December, The Donald participated in attacks on African-Americans with a disgusting graphic misrepresenting black crime rates. The billionaire, who has been known to keep a book of Adolf Hitler s speeches by his bedside, has (over time) won the unwavering support of racists across the nation with his promises to build a wall to keep brown people out, ban Muslims from the country, and force Muslims who are already here to wear special little badges and be entered into a national database. Even concentration camps are not out of the question as far as he is concerned. Hell, he s even told his bigoted, violent supporters he will pay their legal fees if they brutalize black people at his rallies.While the RNC, and Trump, will likely classify this as an  oversight,  the rest of us need to see it for what it is: the latest in a long pattern of Trump promoting white supremacists. While it was once limited to his own campaign, he has now taken their cause national.It is imperative that we do not allow this to happen. Head to the polls in November and VOTE BLUE.Featured image via screengrab",0
5376," Hillary Live-Tweeted During Trump’s Speech, And It Was Absolutely ON POINT (TWEETS)","As the last night of the Republican National Convention concluded, Donald Trump gave his acceptance speech of the Republican nomination for President of the United States. As hard as it is to believe, alas it is true, and now the only thing to do is to move forward to make sure he never steps foot inside the Oval Office.Doing her part to make sure Trump never becomes president was none other than Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton as she live tweeted throughout Trump s rather bizarre speech.She started off by stating the obvious with words that were likely the inner monologue of every sane American across the country. She said: We are better than this. We are better than this.  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 22, 2016Which we are, and come November that will be proven beyond a shadow of a doubt.Hillary then retweeted  The Briefing  and corrected Trump s claims of being able to successfully make deals. Which he did, but at the cost of others proving the only person Trump cares about is himself.Fixed it for you. #RNCInCLE https://t.co/2hZP2qRWNj pic.twitter.com/9zZll0Ftr4  The Briefing (@TheBriefing2016) July 22, 2016Hillary also retweeted  The Briefing  with their very valid claim that Trump s tax policies will do nothing but help the top while the middle class still suffer an unjust tax burden.Donald Trump's plan mostly benefits billionaires   and millionaires like Donald Trump. pic.twitter.com/KAWLrRTIhr  The Briefing (@TheBriefing2016) July 22, 2016Then came Trump s big moment when he said  I m with you,  but Hillary fixed that, too, because he s  with you  as so long as you re not a woman, African-America, LGBT, Muslim, Latino, etc.""I m with you*""  @realDonaldTrump*Not included: women, African Americans, LGBT people, Muslims, Latinos, immigrants  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 22, 2016To be completely honest, the only person Trump is  with  is himself. In fact, it seems he doesn t so much want to be president, but rather just prove to himself and his ginormous ego that he can win and be popular. What a sad life he must lead that he has to go so far to seek approval and feel loved.Good on Hillary Clinton for calling him out every step of the way.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
5377, NBA Yanks All-Star Game Out Of Charlotte Over Bigoted Bathroom Law,"North Carolina s anti-transgender law, HB2, has made the state and its notoriously bigoted governor, Pat McCrory, come under fire from decent people and companies everywhere. Well, now they are going to take a huge hit to the state s economy as the National Basketball Association has pulled its All-Star game out of Charlotte over the law. The sports organization said that it would be unable to host the convention while the law is on the books and being enforced. They said in a statement: Our week-long schedule of All-Star events and activities is intended to be a global celebration of basketball, our league, and the values for which we stand, and to bring together all members of the NBA community   current and former players, league and team officials, business partners, and fans.While we recognize that the NBA cannot choose the law in every city, state, and country in which we do business, we do not believe we can successfully host our All-Star festivities in Charlotte in the climate created by HB2. As expected, Pat McCrory, like the good, small-minded bigot that he is, struck back and blamed liberals for the consequences of his own bigotry: The sports and entertainment elite, Attorney General Roy Cooper and the liberal media have for months misrepresented our laws and maligned the people of North Carolina simply because most people believe boys and girls should be able to use school bathrooms, locker rooms and showers without the opposite sex present. Twenty-one other states have joined North Carolina to challenge the federal overreach by the Obama administration mandating their bathroom policies in all businesses and schools instead of allowing accommodations for unique circumstances. Left-wing special interest groups have no moral authority to try and intimidate the large majority of American parents who agree in common-sense bathroom and shower privacy for our children. The Human Rights Campaign immediately came out to praise the NBA for their strong stand against bigotry. President Chad Griffin said: Today the NBA and Commissioner Silver sent a clear message that they won t stand for discrimination against LGBTQ employees, players or fans, said Human Rights Campaign president Chad Griffin in a statement.  The NBA repeatedly warned state lawmakers that their hateful HB2 law created an inhospitable environment for their 2017 All-Star Game and other events. Nevertheless, Governor McCrory, Senator Berger and Speaker Moore doubled down on HB2 and refused to undo their discriminatory and costly error in judgment. Every day that HB2 remains on the books, people across North Carolina are at risk of real harm. We appreciate the leadership of the NBA in standing up for equality and call once again on lawmakers to repeal this vile HB2 law. HB2 is nothing more than a strike at the LGBTQ community. These right-wing transphobes and homophobes are so afraid of LGBTQ people that they are literally policing who can pee. It s a level of bigotry and insanity that is unacceptable in our society, and businesses are sending clear messages that they don t reward open, overt, and deliberate discrimination. The NBA follows a long list of businesses and entertainers who have refused to enter North Carolina until they stop making discrimination a matter of law.Keep the pressure on, big business. In the end, hate never wins.Featured image via Wikipedia ",0
5378," Rapper Warren G To Police: ‘If You Don’t See a Gun, Don’t Shoot’ (VIDEO)","During the Addicting Info after-party at the NetRoots Nation 2016 conference last Friday Ryan Clayton, the executive director of Wolf PAC, interviewed popular 90 s rapper Warren G. During the interview, Warren G told expressed his views on the Black Lives Matter movement, why he supports the movement, and why there needs to be a change in our society when it comes to policing.The west coast rapper told Clayton that he has to tell his two children to  be respectful  to police officers if they are pulled over by the police. This is what is commonly referred to as  the talk.  It s the conversation where people of color have to tell their children the dangers that come along with interacting with police while being a racial minority.Warren talked about what his interactions with the police were like as a youth, he responded by saying: Shit, I used to get my ass kicked.  He continued, saying that the police  conditioned him. Clayton asked Warren what he thinks needs to change in order to help stop the use of unnecessary force. Warren pointed towards a need for a change in procedure for arrests, saying that: If you don t see a gun, don t shoot. If they search me and they get a gun, then disarm. Like they used to. That s it. Don t shoot someone because they take off running. That s crazy. Warren was asked what roles hip-hop artists have in the movement. He told Clayton that he feels that it s up to artists to inform people about what is going on out there. He commended Snoop Dogg for leading a march to the Los Angeles Police Department earlier in July.Turning to a lighter topic, Clayton asks what artists Warren G is currently listening to. He says that he enjoys Drake, Young Dolph, Kendrick Lamar, Kevin Gates, YG, Yo Gotti, and J Cole.You can watch the interview below, in full.Featured image from Kevin Winter/Getty Images",0
5379, WATCH: Cop Caught On Video Saying Blacks Have ‘Violent Tendencies’,"A police officer in Texas has been caught on video making a racist comment to a black woman that he manhandled. The video is the latest bit of proof of the malicious behavior exhibited by some police officers towards blacks that many whites, especially on the right, have often dismissed.Patrol car video publicly released Thursday shows a white Austin, Texas, police officer violently throwing a black woman to the ground during a traffic stop, followed by another white officer telling her black people have  violent tendencies  and whites are justifiably afraid.Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo condemned both officers  actions. He called the officer s comments on the video  disturbing  and said a criminal investigation has been opened against the officer who arrested Breaion King.The video only surfaced because the Austin American-Statesman newspaper published the video on Thursday. The incident happened in June 2015.Both officers in the video have been put on desk jobs and suspended pending an internal investigation.In the video, Officer Patrick Spradlin also says that  I don t blame  white people for their feat of blacks because  Some of them, because of their appearance and whatnot, some of them are very intimidating. The woman he is addressing is employed as an elementary school teacher. Since the incident she says,  I ve become fearful to live my life  and  I would rather stay home. I ve become afraid of the people who are supposed to protect me and take care of me. At the Republican convention this week, many of the speakers have continued the conservative line of downplaying the  Black Lives Matter  movement, with some even equating them to terrorists and terrorist allies.By contrast, President Obama, Hillary Clinton, and other Democrats have condemned attacks on police officers but also made clear that there are very real and raw problems of racial bias and treatment in police departments that need serious reform.Featured image via YouTube",0
5380, Trump Got Put Through A Sanity Test And It DID NOT End Well (VIDEO),"Most of us are fully aware that Republican nominee Donald Trump is not only a racist, a misogynist and a bigot, but a complete psychopath and compulsive liar. But what happens when Trump is actually put through a clinical sanity test? Political commentator Keith Olbermann decided to find out.In a courageous attempt to understand the way Trump s disturbed mind works, Olbermann examined Trump using clinical psychology practices, which lead to his conclusion that Trump would not pass any of the  sanity  tests commonly used to identify criminal and antisocial tendencies.Olbermann released his findings on Thursday in Vanity Fair, and the results were not good for the future of America. The particular test Olbermann chose to evaluate Trump was  The Hare Psychopathy Checklist , developed by Canadian criminal psychologist Robert D. Hare, which serves as a kind of triage device to separate the injured from the tripping from the psychopathic. This particular test goes through 20 different personality traits, awarding points for each. Such traits include a grandiose sense of self-worth, pathological lying, lack of empathy, parasitic lifestyle, promiscuous sexual behavior, and a failure to accept responsibility for one s own actions. Just by that small sample of traits alone, you can probably already guess how Trump might have scored.The maximum amount of points you can get is 40, and clinical psychopathy is considered any score 30 or above. Trump scored a whopping 32   making him a certainty for a diagnosis of clinical psychopathy. Olbermann remarked on Trump s mental health: The implications are clear. Our Trumperor s New Clothes media rightly sees the latest Trump  event whatever it is this time as one of the most unbelievable developments in American political history. But the simple mechanics of following, reporting, and writing the proverbial  new high in low  every single day means that they could be missing one overriding truth about the health of the most remarkable presidential candidate since at least 1864. In short, our amateurs  exercise with the very professional Hare Psychopathy Checklist suggests that if you were betting on it, you d probably want to bet that Donald Trump couldn t pass a sanity test open book. If that isn t terrifying, I don t know what is. Trump is the GOP nominee, and although Clinton will probably wipe the floor with him in the election, the fact that someone as hateful and mentally unstable as Trump has gotten this close to the White House should worry us all.Here s a video from Olbermann, which goes through the test and Trump s results:Featured image via screenshot",0
5381, Trump Delegate Kicked Out Of RNC After Hoping ‘Brave Snipers’ Would Shoot ‘N*****s’,"Another day, another example of right-wing racism coming out of the GOP. As the RNC heads into its fourth and (thank God) final night, a story not picked up by the mainstream media is circulating amongst other publications.A Trump delegate based out of Illinois has been sent home after expressing hope that some  brave snipers  would shoot some  n s  on a Facebook page. Lori Gayne, who admitted to making the post under a different name, posted a picture of police officers standing on the roof of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Museum with the caption:  Our brave snipers just waiting for some N  to try something. Love them. Gayne admitted that she made the post while on the floor of the convention. She was elected a delegate to the RNC back in March during the state s primary.Of course Gayne  apologized,  but said the post was not meant to be racist and that as a Jewish woman, she wants everyone to know that this post did not represent her feelings towards minorities and that she is completely anti-violence.Yeah sure. Is that why Gayne goes by the name  whitepride  on social media accounts? Is that why  she has been openly hostile towards Black Lives Matter and has expressed anger at being called a racist when she does racist things like that Facebook post?The party of personal responsibility really has a responsible delegate on their hands.Thankfully the Illinois GOP had a zero tolerance approach and revoked Gayne s credentials and sent her sorry, pathetic self back to Illinois.This is Trump s America. Where white racists get to be racist then cry foul and make excuses. While only 18 of the 2,400 delegates at the RNC are black and only 20 percent of the speakers are non-white, it should come as no surprise that Trump delegates harbor such racist and violent feelings towards those who don t look like them.Is this the kind of branding the GOP is doing to get minority voters on their side?Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5382, WATCH: Mark Cuban And Stephen Colbert Hilariously Torch Donald Trump,"The Republican nominee just got owned by a fellow billionaire.To begin the Late Show on Wednesday night, Stephen Colbert introduced Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban for a special  Take The Gloves Off  segment.Cuban bragged that he is twice the billionaire that Trump is and then set out to roast him.And Cuban did NOT hold back as he dropped burn after burn with Colbert popping in and out to chime in with his own hilarious quips. Donald, the gloves are off. Speaking of gloves, I got you a pair for your birthday. You re a child s medium, right?  Cuban began. Donald, I ve got a travel tip for you. When you re going through customs and they ask if you ve got anything to declare, try not to blurt out  bankruptcy,  he continued. That s a billionaire bitch slap,  Colbert observed. Your companies fail so often, you must ve gone to business school at Trump University,  Cuban said, to which Colbert replied,  Oh, Donald   he just dropped you like one of your first two wives. Cuban then dropped the hammer on Trump. Donald, do you know that to be a billionaire, you have to have the billion part in your bank account. Not just the air. And finally: Donald, the only way you re worth $10 billion is if I paid you $9.5 billion to wash my balls! Here s the video via YouTube.Cuban went on to explain later in the show that he became a supporter of the #NeverTrump movement because while he initially believed Trump would bring a business perspective to the White House instead of just a typical politician he soon changed his tune after Trump opened his mouth. Plus, Trump is just  lazy. Cuban also joked that Trump is so embarrassing that he and his fellow billionaires voted to kick him out of their club and that they even changed the secret handshake.Featured image via Screenshot",0
5383, Ellen Pompeo Just Shut A Racist Twitter Troll Down With A Hard Dose Of The Truth (TWEET),"After Ellen Pompeo viewed yet other shooting of an unarmed black man by police, who was even on his back with his hands up as he was trying to help a patient with autism, she took to Twitter and said: To all of you obsessed with all lives matter  We can do this all day long we get a new video everyday..do you? To all of you obsessed with all lives matter  We can do this all day long we get a new video everyday..do you? https://t.co/aAGI7Yh2ov  Ellen Pompeo (@EllenPompeo) July 21, 2016But of course, there are racist idiots out there who haven t quite caught on that the Black Lives Matter movement was created because all lives clearly don t matter. So, this racist dingbat said this to try to turn the narrative around: Black people commit more violent crimes towards other black people than cops do. Wheres ur outrage Ellen? @JCapedia @EllenPompeo @ShaunKing Black people commit more violent crimes towards other black people than cops do. Wheres ur outrage Ellen?  Max Headroom (@WoobysToyBox) July 21, 2016But Pompeo was NOT about to put up with that idiotic and racist reply, and came straight back with a hard dose of the truth in a mic drop felt around the world. She said: My outrage is alive and well because black on black crime is a byproduct of centuries systemic racism you fool. My outrage is alive and well because black on black crime is a byproduct of centuries systemic racism you fool https://t.co/1eY07BkwbN  Ellen Pompeo (@EllenPompeo) July 21, 2016And she s exactly right   it s a fact that needs to be learned by everyone everywhere who thinks otherwise. Especially by those who continue on with their  All lives matter  bullsh*t, because clearly they don t think all lives matter if they re mad black people want to be treated with the same dignity and respect as everyone else.Featured Photo by Mark Davis/Getty Images for TV Land",0
5384, Hillary Clinton Broke The Internet With Trump Trolling Site,"Hillary Clinton broke the internet, or at least one of her sites, when an anti-Trump site, owned by the Clinton campaign went down on Thursday from traffic overload.The site is actually a subdomain of her main site, HillaryClinton.com. It s called TrumpYourself.org and it s an interactive (but not terribly scientific) sort of hateful Trump quote roulette. I say not scientific because when I  rolled the dice  it told me that  Donald Trump doesn t think I should be able to get married.  I happen to be among those who have legally been marrying for centuries. Naturally, though, it is an important issue for my LGBT friends.Here are some samples of what you might get, when you can get on the site:Introducing #TrumpYourself: Discover what @realDonaldTrump thinks about people like you. https://t.co/cSY7ozT4tr pic.twitter.com/KvVt2tGwFd  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 21, 2016 Now we know what Trump really thinks about us. Sad! https://t.co/o3ohaHfR77 #TrumpYourself pic.twitter.com/rYYXMCLjyr  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 21, 2016YAY MISOGYNY #TrumpYourself pic.twitter.com/7gLfIRHLho  Tara Rodham Dublin (@taradublinrocks) July 21, 2016 Alright @HillaryClinton team, this #TrumpYourself thing is pretty funny. Well done. pic.twitter.com/7vbehDENqD  Danny Davies (@greatheights1) July 21, 2016Too many to choose from! I got octo-Trumped. Thanks, @HillaryClinton! #TrumpYourself https://t.co/BbpEx5vrq5 pic.twitter.com/IK5aDtQUL2  Ebroodle (@ebroodle) July 21, 2016If the viral traffic means you have to try several times to get on the site, you get this for your 404 page, which is worth it by itself. The #TrumpYourself 404 page is pretty great: https://t.co/b1oY1YiiLU pic.twitter.com/kahJRbh84D  Rachel Sklar (@rachelsklar) July 21, 2016It even gets better, there s a quote that says,  Look at that traffic, is that small traffic? We guarantee you there s no problem. We guarantee. The Clinton campaign seems to have mostly fixed the problems. Try it out; the site is a lot of fun. Beware, though, you will be invited to donate to the Clinton campaign (of course) and to add your name and email to her database.Featured image via Hillary Clinton s Twitter",0
5385, This Cop Sees Black Lives Matter In A Way That Will Make Conservatives’ Blood Boil,"The battle between supporters of Black Lives Matter and those who see BLM as a racist, violent group of domestic terrorists is getting worse in the wake of the deaths of officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge, which BLM had zilch to do with. It s easy to assume that every police department everywhere are working on ways to stop BLM in their tracks, but that s not true. There is at least one department that actually sees BLM quite differently.Earlier this week, Phoenix Black Lives Matter hosted a forum in which police officers, and other community leaders, were invited to speak. The Phoenix Police Department s assistant chief, Mike Kurtenbach, said outright: The Phoenix Police Department doesn t see Black Lives Matter as a terrorist organization. We view Black Lives Matter as a partner who holds us accountable.We stand with you to find solutions. There s no way to respond to that but with cheers, and Phoenix mayor Greg Stanton reinforced that by telling the diverse crowd that they re looking to have a very diverse police department, and they want people to apply to work in their department. More diversity can mean more accountability, which means changing policing for the better. Working with BLM as a partner, instead of fighting them as a terrorist group, also leads to better policing.We re full of people mostly conservative who believe that BLM is specifically waging a war against cops, though BLM actually decries that violence. They want to remain peaceful. Yet, our conservative leaders, particularly those at the Republican National Convention right now, scream about Black Lives Matter being inherently racist, as Donald Trump himself said. Then again, from a white supremacist, that s not too surprising, but it s disgusting that so many in the GOP agree with him.There s also Rudy Guiliani, who claims to have saved a lot more lives with his broken windows policy than Black Lives Matter ever did. He said: I don t see what Black Lives Matter is doing for blacks other than isolating them. All it cares about is the police shooting of blacks. It doesn t care about the 90 percent of blacks that are killed by other blacks. We don t see how he cares about black lives at all. New York City s broken windows policing model has led to a very, very racist department that targets members of the black community for really stupid stuff far more than white people.Then there are some police departments that see BLM as a threat, and any support of them as a gross insult, almost along the lines of people spitting on soldiers returning from a war they disagree with. For instance, the Somerville, Mass. department is calling for the removal of a Black Lives Matter banner from City Hall like it s the Confederate flag. Their union actually said: The Somerville Police Employees Association and its members are deeply troubled that the city continues to display the Black Lives Matter banner above the main entrance of City Hall. It is inconceivable to us as it is demoralizing that our city would propagate its support for this movement while standing silent over the seemingly daily protest assassinations of innocent police officers around the country. The people who cry,  All lives matter,  really don t get why the movement specifies the black community. Some lives in this country matter more than others here. Given the rate at which unarmed black people are shot by police, are arrested and incarcerated by our justice system, and how they re perceived as guilty until proven innocent, their lives matter considerably less than other lives.That is an undisputable fact.So it s very refreshing to see a police department that s willing to work with BLM on improving policing by seeing them as a partner in this, rather than as a hostile movement that incites terrorism and insults police officers by its very existence. We need a lot more of this.Featured image via Phoenix Police Department",0
5386, The RNC Has Made Itself The De Facto Judge And Jury Of America,"We all knew the 2016 Republican National Convention would be a Hillary hate fest. For the past three days, Republicans have given the voters not one reason to vote for them, but many reasons why they shouldn t vote for Hillary Clinton.No substance, only an us-against-them mentality. This shouldn t come as a shock to anyone.But what has come as a shock is that the RNC has crowned itself as the de facto judge and jury of America. Not only was it a Hillary hate fest, it was a hyper-partisan witch hunt that transcends anything we ve seen in presidential politics.While their presidential candidate, Donald J. Trump, paints himself (humorously) as the  law and order  candidate, speaker after speaker, from General Michael Flynn, to Patricia Smith, to Chris Christie, have decided to take the law into their own hand, and convict Hillary Clinton of egregious crimes. They are, in their minds, the judge and jury that will convict Hillary Clinton, courts be damned.No matter how many times they scream  guilty,   lock her up,  or  Hillary for prison,  they know, as much as anyone else, that Clinton is innocent. Since the 1990s, when Ken Starr and his band of ideological thugs (including Newt Gingrich), Republicans have never been able to successfully pin anything on Hillary Clinton. Not Rose Law Firm, not Whitewater, not Benghazi, and not her emails. Yet they have convinced themselves that they know better than the law, and they know better than the judges, juries, prosecutors and special counsels that have spent countless hours   no, years   trying to find something, anything, to convict Hillary Clinton of.Republicans know what they re doing. It s pure political theater. It s tidbit SoundBits that stick in voters  minds and fester until election day, polluting the electorate s ability to look at the facts in an objective, impartial manner. They know they can t really convict her, but if they can convince the people that they re right and the law is wrong, that s good enough for them.But in the eyes of the Republicans, whose only goal is to win and not govern, the court of public opinion is mightier than the courts that uphold the rule of law.There is no law and order with Republicans. That s just a talking point they use when they want to stop black people from having their voices heard or when they don t like the Supreme Court granting marriage rights to same-sex couples.These instances, coupled with their sophomoric chants at their coveted convention, shows one thing: Republicans do not respect the law. They do not respect the institutions thatAl Franken is right.  Lock her up  has become a banana republic for the GOP. They have no substance to run on. Hillary Clinton is their main topic, and their world s revolve around her. It s actually quite pathetic not just on the surface but also deep down. They know they can t win with their ideas, so they must rely on smearing others.The Democratic convention can t come fast enough.Featured image via Jeff J. Mitchell/Getty Images",0
5387, Ted Cruz’s Campaign Manager BURNS Chris Christie: He Gave His Balls To Trump (AUDIO),"If Chris Christie is looking for his testicles Ted Cruz s campaign manager knows exactly where they are.Trump supporters are throwing a temper tantrum because Ted Cruz did not kiss Donald Trump s ass at the RNC Convention on Wednesday night. And no one threw a bigger hissy fit than New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. I think it was awful,  Christie said about Cruz s speech.  And quite frankly, I think it was something selfish. Cruz urged Republicans to  vote your conscience  and refused to flatly endorse Trump for president, drawing a chorus of boos from the audience after he finished speaking. He signed a pledge,  Christie continued.  And it s his job to keep his word. I think it was too cute and I think you saw at the end of the speech that the crowd was waiting for him to do the right thing and realized that he wasn t going to do it. Well, Cruz Campaign Manager Jeff Roe fired back during an appearance on the Chris Stigall Show in Philadelphia on Thursday and let s just say that Chris Christie is not going to like hearing the truth. That guy turned over his political testicles long ago,  Roe said of Christie.  So I don t take what he has to say with any meaning. You know, he embarrassed himself pretty quickly in this. Indeed, after repeatedly bashing Trump during his short campaign, Christie dropped out of the race and soon became Trump s personal whipping boy. Trump has humiliated Christie on multiple occasions and has even used him as a personal food delivery boy. Christie had apparently been hoping that Trump would pick him as the vice-presidential running mate but Trump added insult to injury by choosing Mike Pence instead.Roe went on to deny that Ted Cruz signed any such pledge to endorse Trump by the convention. Let s just go through history here and time. Ted didn t sign a pledge. He didn t sign a pledge to support a nominee by convention. You know, this speech went further than Ronald Reagan went on Gerald Ford. It went further than Kennedy did for Carter. Here s the audio via Buzzfeed.Chris Christie is owned by Donald trump and he knows it. He probably even has Trump s name stamped on his ass. Christie spent a lot of his time bashing Trump on the campaign trail last year and even once promised to not endorse Trump after dropping out of the race.But Trump holding on to Chris Christie s balls does explain this look on his face on Super Tuesday.Featured image via YouTube",0
5388, Texas Schools Proposed Textbooks : Mexicans Are Lazy And Want To Destroy Society,"Texas textbooks are once again in the limelight. After years of asking for ethnic studies, they finally offered them. The only problem is that the books are teaching young minds the Donald Trump message   that Mexicans are lazy and want to destroy the country.School textbooks in Texas have long been a source of controversy because Texas textbook writers play more than a little loose with facts. The books whitewash slavery and the Civil War, they completely ignore the existence of the KKK and of the Jim Crow era. They mention segregation, but only as a footnote and only as something that s not that bad.Texas science books teach creationism, that the earth is 6,000 years old and that there s no such thing as climate change. Now, they are teaching pure racism and xenophobia and kids across the nation could be learning those lessons.Not surprisingly, Republicans outnumber Democrats in the Texas Board of Education by two to one. Democrats have been trying for two years to create a Mexican-American studies program, which makes perfect sense since the majority of Texas public school children are Latino.Republicans on the board balked at the idea, but they finally caved, sort of. There are now Mexican-American studies, but they are as racist as a Donald Trump rally or as the GOP convention happening in Cleveland.(Attorney with the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Celina) Moreno and other activists are part of the new Responsible Ethnic Studies Text Coalition, which scrutinized the proposed textbooks and detailed what it described as  multiple factual errors.  The coalition said those included suggesting that Mexican culture promotes laziness, linking Mexican-Americans to immigrants who are not in the country legally, and characterizing leaders of the Chicano movement that advanced Mexican-American civil rights in the 1960s and  70s as adopting  a revolutionary narrative that opposed Western civilization and wanted to destroy this society. Industrialists were very driven, competitive men,  the textbook says, according to excerpts.  In contrast, Mexican laborers were not reared to put in a full day s work so vigorously. There was a cultural attitude of  manana,  or  tomorrow.' Source: My San AntonioRepublicans evan admit that they did it just to piss Democrats off.You ought to be careful what you ask for. You got it,  (Board member, David) Bradley, a Republican from Beaumont, said in a phone interview.He said Texas should focus on basics like reading, writing and math before worrying about more specialized courses. I m Italian, Irish and French,  Bradley said.  And I feel like I m being discriminated against when we only have an exclusive minority studies program in Texas. the books aren t out yet. They are up for a vote in November, but the really frightening thing is that if they are published, students around the nation could be reading that Mexicans are lazy.Featured image via Pixabay.  ",0
5389, Federal Court Strikes Down Racist Texas Voter ID Law,"Just in time for the election! The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit based in New Orleans found what Democrats have known for months: Texas  voter ID law, the strictest in the country, violates the Voting Rights Act because it places an undue burden on minority voters in the state   more specifically black and Hispanic voters.When the law was passed in 2011, over 600,000 Texas lacked the identification necessary to vote. As the Court correctly pointed out, the overwhelming majority of these voters were non-white.According to the New York Times:It was the fourth time in nearly four years that a federal court found that the Texas law discriminated against or disproportionately affected black and Hispanic voters.The ruling did not strike down the law in its entirety, leaving in place the heart of the law but requiring the state to accommodate those who will have a harder time obtaining the identification necessary.The Fifth Circuit also sent back to the lower courts a reconsideration as to whether or not the Texas legislature acted with intentional discrimination. Should it be discovered that it did, judicial oversight would be required if Texas sought to change their voting laws.It should also be noted that the Fifth Circuit is considered one of the most conservative Appeals courts in the country, with 12 out of 17 seats being occupied by Republican appointees, and four out of seven senior judges being Republican appointees.Of the 15 judges, senior and active, who heard the case, nine (including 5 Republican appointees) voted in favor of the people, not the racist government of Texas. When the majority of the majority opinion are Republican and tell you your state is racist, you might want to take a step back.The state of Texas has not confirmed if it will be appealing to the Supreme Court, which in April decided to leave the law intact but revert back to the lower courts, the Fifth Circuit. The Supreme Court did, however, issue a warning: should the law be muddied by the lower courts (yet again), the Supreme Court would not come to its aid.The Fifth Circuit s decision may be the final nail in the coffin to a shameful, racist, hateful law that had one purpose: purge as many blacks and Hispanics off the voter rolls as possible.Once again, voting rights have been protected. Will Republicans learn from it? Not at all. But are Republicans now weakened heading into the general election? Absolutely.Over 600,000 people were given back their rights, now they need to exercise them in November.Featured image via Stephanie Keith/Getty Images",0
5390, This One Image From The RNC Is All You Need To See,"Donald Trump is terrible. He wants to build a wall to keep brown people out of the country, blames all of our nation s problems on certain religious and ethnic groups, wants to force members of a single religion to be registered in a national database and to wear special little badges as they are rounded up and thrown into internment camps as a  temporary measure,  thinks Mexicans are mostly rapists   hell, he even has been known to keep a book of Adolf Hitler s speeches by his bedside for light reading.Trump regularly retweets white supremacists, including their propaganda about African-Americans, throws out antisemitic imagery, and attracts the KKK and other white supremacist groups in droves.Unfortunately, the Republican Party proved themselves to be utterly without principles when they officially adopted many of Trump s ridiculous ideas into their official platform, and even continued his tradition of courting white supremacists by blowing up a tweet from one on a giant f*cking marquee. Nothing can sum up what the Republican Party has become under Trump better than a scene from right-wing propagandist Laura Ingraham s speech at the RNC Wednesday.The content of Ingraham s mindless babbling that vaguely passes for a speech is unimportant   it s how she ended it that is. In the background was an image of Donald Trump with his arm and palm outstretched   one that matches a familiar gesture commonly associated with a man whose name rhymes with  Schmadoff Schmittler.  Ingraham turned to that photo and returned the gesture, then waved to the crowd.#RNCinCLE in one GIF: pic.twitter.com/OlrqbnKUVd  Parker Molloy (@ParkerMolloy) July 21, 2016Here is a still of the rather chilling scene:Twitter accuses Laura Ingraham of giving Trump 'Nazi salute' at the RNC https://t.co/YOjSZrkhQR pic.twitter.com/ETXqMvlQKD  Haaretz.com (@haaretzcom) July 21, 2016Yes, that sure appears to be a brief  Sieg heil  to Donald Trump s photograph.This is what the Republican Party has become. Take a good long look, and vote BLUE in November.Featured image via screengrab",0
5391, The Trump Family’s Expressions During Ted Cruz’s RNC Speech Are Priceless,"Make no mistake about it: Ted Cruz is horrible. But you ve got to admire his ability to stick to his convictions. His terrible, terrible convictions. Ted Cruz is a lot of things   a raging homophobe, a Christofascist, a man who thinks it is his right to tell women what to do with their bodies because of something he read in a book written by people who had no f*cking clue where the sun goes at night, a greasy pervert who spent his college days creeping around the girls  dorm in a bathrobe, and a man whose family seems as disgusted by him as the rest of us are   but he s no coward.On Wednesday, Cruz marched right up to the stage and astonished Republicans by doing something previously unheard-of: breaking free, ever so slightly, of the hive mind that seems to have absorbed the Right over time. He didn t do it for any respectable reasons, of course. He just believes so strongly that God wants him to be President that it would completely destroy him to endorse Hitler Trump.Cruz spouted the familiar rhetoric we have heard from the seemingly endless line of right-wing automatons that have vomited up verbal dysentery for what feels like an eternity to those of us here at Addicting Info, but one thing was missing that we had heard from the rest: an endorsement. Sure, Cruz went so far as to endorse Donald Trump s ridiculous wall, but he stopped short of throwing his full weight behind The Donald, encouraging conservatives to vote their conscience.These words caused the vapid, paint fume-huffing Republican base to erupt in a chorus of boos as they demonstrated once and for all that they don t have, or don t care to acknowledge, their respective consciences.Trump crowd turning on Cruz pic.twitter.com/BCjUp2Aiv4  Graham Moomaw (@gmoomaw) July 21, 2016Yes, this was a terrible scene   almost something out of Black Mirror. But this dreadfully surreal moment did offer one small glimmer of happiness to distract from the rather depressing image of thousands of Republicans booing the idea of having a conscience: the look on the Trump family s faces.Buzzfeed s Jon Passantino posted a photo on Twitter of the Trump family as Cruz spoke, and it was just ugly.The look on the Trumps faces as they watched Cruz s speech pic.twitter.com/0FoGaoM9Xp  Jon Passantino (@passantino) July 21, 2016Others in the crowd reacted very negatively. Amid the roar of the enraged crowd, Heidi Cruz had to be escorted away for her safety as Trump s rabid fans turned on her:Angry Ken Cuccinelli escorting Heidi Cruz out as Trump supporters yell at her pic.twitter.com/G6USuhoSx2  Graham Moomaw (@gmoomaw) July 21, 2016It may be that Ted Cruz committed political suicide. But for his own selfish reasons, to keep that one last shred of dignity he has left, Cruz did what we all have a responsibility to do: he took a stand against Donald Trump. Sure, his method was simply a refusal to endorse, but the rest of us have an opportunity to do more by heading to the polls in November and saying  no  to the sort of hate that Donald Trump spreads.Be sure to vote BLUE on Election Day. In the mean time, enjoy the looks on the Trump family s faces. Cherish them. Remember them. You ll be seeing them again in November.Featured image via screengrab",0
5392, Watch Michelle Obama ROCK OUT In ‘Carpool Karaoke’ (VIDEO),"Michelle Obama showed off her amazing singing voice in Wednesday night s edition of  Carpool Karaoke  on James Corden s Late, Late Show. The segment, hyped all this month, featured the First Lady rocking out to Stevie Wonder s  Signed, Sealed, Delivered,  Beyonce s  Single Ladies,  and a number of other hit songs.Midway through, rapper Missy Elliot joined Obama and Corden, helping them sing  This is For My Girls  and Elliot s own  Get Your Freak On. Obama told Corden that  rocking out  in the passenger seat was a  treat  for her because she spends so much time being driven around. Asked what she will miss the most when she leaves the White House, Obama told Corden that  the people  will be the biggest hole that forms in her life. These are people you see every single day. They help you. They love you,  Obama said.  To walk away from people you see every day, that s going to be hard.  However, she says that the freedom they gain once they leave will be a worthy trade-off for the luxuries they will lose when they move out   though she refused to say if there was anything she might  accidentally  slip in her bag on the way out the door.Obama also took the opportunity to promote her  Let Girls Learn  initiative, which focuses on educating the more than 62 million girls worldwide who are not in school.Michelle Obama has previously appeared on Disney show iCarly, Parks and Recreation, Nickelodeon s Kids  Choice Awards, Sesame Street, and a number of other shows. All through her husband s presidency, Michelle has shown herself to be an intelligent, talented, classy woman who knows how to have fun while still bringing focus to important issues (like educating girls across the world). In fact, one must wonder if there s anything she can t do.Watch the segment below:Featured image via screengrab",0
5393, GOP Megadonor Sheldon Adelson Refused Ted Cruz Visit ‘Because He’s A Piece Of Sh*t’,"Ted Cruz is a piece of sh*t. Most of the country has known this a long time after observing his rampant homophobia, his willingness to shut down the government every time something happens that he doesn t like, and his general douchebaggery. Crus s former roommate pointed out earlier in the election season that it has always been this way. After all, he used to make female college students uncomfortable by hanging out near their dorms in a bathrobe and his classmates even had a name for the greasy film he leaves behind on everything he touches. Cruz, who ate a throat booger on national television and ended his campaign by elbowing his wife in the face, is so awful even his own daughter has trouble stomaching a forced touching family moment for the cameras.But Republicans couldn t seem to see how terrible he really is   until his speech at the 2016 Republican National Convention, that is. On Wednesday, the defeated 2016 Stupid Party contender stood on stage and proudly endorsed Donald Trump s wall, but while many were expecting him to endorse the billionaire himself, they were disappointed. And to those listening, please, don t stay home in November,  Cruz said, falling short of endorsing The Donald.  Stand, and speak, and vote your conscience, vote for candidates up and down the ticket who you trust to defend our freedom and to be faithful to the Constitution. Naturally, this angered many Republicans including, apparently, GOP megadonor Sheldon Adelson. When Cruz tried to approach Adelson s suite, he was turned away at the door. Cruz was initially invited to join the Adelsons, but a senior aide to the Las Vegas casino magnate says that invite was rescinded when Cruz failed to endorse Trump. When he didn t endorse, they were stunned and disappointed,  Adelson aide Andy Abboud told CNN. We could not allow Ted Cruz to use the Adelsons as a prop against Donald Trump. The Adelsons support Donald Trump and made that clear. They like Ted Cruz, but there was no way the Adelsons were going to be the first stop after not endorsing,  he continued.  That would be disrespectful to our nominee. Abboud then tweeted a photo of the Adelsons with Trump   just to rub a little salt in the wound:The Adelson s with their choice for President! pic.twitter.com/gYsHBeT9AS  Andy Abboud (@AndyAbboud) July 21, 2016After the speech, Trump went on the attack, as well:Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 21, 2016Hillary Clinton seized on the turmoil to encourage people to vote for her:Vote your conscience. https://t.co/xahMq2sU1q  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 21, 2016An unnamed former Senator gave a more direct reason for why Cruz was turned away, one with which we can all agree:For his part, the Texas Senator says he is not surprised with the reaction after committing what Trump Lawyer Michael Cohen called  political suicide. He expected people to not approve,  a source close to Cruz told CNN.  Not surprised at the reaction. Watch Cruz s speech below, if you can stomach looking at his face for more than a few seconds:Featured image via screengrab",0
5394," Christie Goes Ballistic On Cruz For ‘Awful, Selfish Speech’","Chris Christie went ballistic on Ted Cruz Wednesday night following the Texas senator s failure to endorse Donald Trump during his speech at the Republican National Convention. It was an awful, selfish speech by someone who tonight, through the words he said on that stage, showed everybody why he has richly earned the reputation that he has on Capitol Hill,  Christie declared angrily.The New Jersey governor wasn t the only one who was less than pleased with Cruz and his refusal to endorse Trump, who has now officially secured the Republican nomination. During Cruz s speech, the crowd chanted  Endorse Trump, Endorse Trump!  and then erupted in a chorus of boos when that endorsement never came. If you love our country and love your children as much as I know that you do, stand and speak and vote your conscience,  Cruz said during his prime-time speech at the RNC on Wednesday night.  Vote for candidates up and down the ticket who you trust to defend our freedom and to be faithful to the Constitution. Christie slammed Cruz for his dramatic words: I don t understand how someone can present themselves as a person of integrity and then come into this room tonight and give that cute speech. And that was cute. Speaking with CNN, Christie said spoke of the crowds reaction to Cruz s steadfast refusal to throw his support behind Trump. The crowd was waiting for him to do the right thing,  the governor said of Cruz.  I think the performance you saw there is why Ted has so richly deserved the reputation he s developed. Cruz isn t the only former Republican presidential hopeful that has chosen not to endorse Trump, even though they signed the pledge saying they would support whoever ended up winning the nomination. Jeb Bush, Carly Fiorina, and John Kasich have also refused to back The Donald. But Christie pointed out that they are not in the room tonight. The fact is: He came into this room today and then did not keep his word,  the New Jersey governor said.Watch Christi s interview with CNN here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giZGaFjxb8g]Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5395, WATCH Montel Williams DESTROY Bill O’Reilly For Lying About Him On Air,"Fox News host Bill O Reilly told his audience on Wednesday night that former talk show host Montel Williams chickened out of a scheduled appearance on his show. Usually, when the conservative media icon slams someone on his show, that s the end of it. But Williams decided not to take the insult from O Reilly lying down, and responded in a tough and hard hitting video.WATCH @Montel_Williams DRAG BILL O'REILLY https://t.co/HYuqLZK8S5  Tyler Cherry (@TylerACherry) July 21, 2016Describing O Reilly s show scheduling process as a  debacle,  Williams went on to address the Fox News attack on his character. Let me talk about this little coward thing for a second. The word coward is usually used by people who have done most of the htings that you ve done: like embellishing lies about your credentials as a journalist, like the fact that your own daughter in a testimony in a court case according to the Washington Post, said that you dragged your ex-wife down a flight of stairs, you want to talk about coward homeboy, and you point a finger this way, look at the three that are coming back. We know who the coward is. Williams went on to point out his service in the military while noting that O Reilly skipped his service.O Reilly has often played the bully on his successful Fox News show. He regularly talks over guests that he disagrees with, and has even gone so far as to order that the microphones of those on the program be  cut  if he happens to be losing an argument.O Reilly was also caught repeatedly embellishing his stories about his time as a news reporter. He claimed to have been in the middle of the action in the Falkland Islands war when he was far away according to those who were with him. O Reilly has been a staunch supporter of conservative causes and candidates for years.Featured image via screen capture",0
5396," WATCH: Ted Cruz REFUSES To Endorse Trump, GOP Convention BOOS Him Like Crazy","Texas Senator Ted Cruz refused to endorse Donald Trump during his speaking slot at the Republican National Convention on Wednesday night, and the hall at the Quicken Loans Arena descended into chaos soon after.While Cruz congratulated Trump on winning the primary, he declined to directly endorse the Republican nominee. Instead, he told voters to vote their conscience, and the advice was not well received. The crowd loudly booed Cruz as he finished his speech then walked off the stage.Crowd boos @tedcruz as he declines to endorse @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/nqLaVey8mp  POLITICO (@politico) July 21, 2016Video surfaced of former Virginia attorney general Ken Cuccinelli, part of the  Never Trump  movement, escorting Cruz s wife Heidi off the convention floor as Trump supporters yelled insults at her.Angry Ken Cuccinelli escorting Heidi Cruz out as Trump supporters yell at her pic.twitter.com/G6USuhoSx2  Graham Moomaw (@gmoomaw) July 21, 2016Trump and Cruz have had an acrimonious relationship for months as they were the final two viable candidates in the Republican Primary. Cruz and his campaign often out-maneuvered the incompetent Trump team in its fights for delegates, while Trump used the unusual tactic of re-posting a tweet that attacked Cruz s wife Heidi for her looks.Trump took to calling Cruz  Lyin  Ted  and the two men verbally battled with each other for weeks trading insults and attacks.In response to Cruz s non-endorsement, Trump insiders called him  classless  according to Fox News.It is widely believed that Cruz is setting himself up to run for president in 2020 after a likely loss by Trump in this year s elections. While he is unpopular with the Republican establishment who has often criticized him for his outrageous statements and Senate stunts like filibusters that helped to shut the government down, Cruz is popular with the so-called  religious  right, who calls him one of their own. His opposition to issues like abortion and same-sex marriage, as well as his strident opposition to diplomacy in the Middle East, helped him win the Iowa Caucus earlier in the year.Featured image via Twitter",0
5397, These Two Pictures Tell You Everything You Need To Know About The Difference Between Republicans And Democrats (IMAGES),"Paul Ryan is in a little bit of hot water. Not because he s establishment, not because he s proposing a giant cut to Medicare or Medicaid, and not because he s thwarting the RNC.No, he s in hot water because he seems to think that lack of diversity is a good thing!The Speaker recently posted a picture on his Instagram page celebrating the new interns for the Republican Party on Capitol Hill. The picture, taken with a selfie stick, shows the smiling Speaker with an entire whites-only workforce, with the majority of them being men. No diversity, no color, nothing but lily-white college kids.The Speaker wrote,  I think this sets a record for the most number of #CapitolHill interns in a single selfie. #SpeakerSelfie. Needless to say, Speaker Ryan and the Republicans faced backlash.But it was the Democrats who had the best response.Everyone knows the Democratic Party is the party of inclusiveness. Everyone, no matter their race, ethnicity, religion, gender or sexual orientation is welcome, in all capacities. While the Republicans seem to have a whites only policy when hiring interns, the Democrats like to broaden their horizons.Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee, a Democrat from Texas, posted on her Twitter page a picture of the Democratic interns. And, well, there is a big difference:Can anyone tell me what the difference is? Well, for starters, there s more women. There s also individuals of all different races and ethnicities.The difference could not be more stark. As Republicans (yet again) struggle to appeal to minority voters, it should come as no surprise to them why those who aren t white males have a hard time trusting them.Just take a look at their convention. Out of the 2,400 delegates at the RNC (who nominated Trump to be their candidate), only 18 were people of color, which amounts to approximately 0.0075 percent.Of the 71 prime-time speakers who will be addressing the convention over the four days, 80 percent are white. Only seven speakers are black, and three are Latino.When 100 percent of your interns are white, more than 99 percent of your delegates are white, and 80 percent of your speakers are white, you don t deserve the minority vote. You cannot be trusted nor taken seriously if you refuse to have them represented in your most official capacities.No wonder this year s RNC was branded  RNC so White. This year s GOP is the least diverse. It really is now the party of Donald Trump. They learned absolutely nothing from their 2012 autopsy report, and they may suffer irreparable damage in November.Featured image via Sheila Jackson Lee/Twitter ",0
5398, Hispanic Chamber Of Commerce Endorses Hillary Clinton…At The RNC,"It s no secret Hispanics hate Donald Trump. He has record low favorability with them, and there are no signs that support with them will rise in the coming months. GOP Hispanic leaders and pundits alike, from Republican governor Susana Martinez to CNN s Ana Navarro, have been chastising and distancing themselves from the Republican nominee for President.And another influential Hispanic group is distancing themselves from the nominee in the most public way possible.The Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, which endorsed Ohio governor John Kasich, will be publicly backing Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, and will announce their endorsement live from Cleveland at the RNC.Talk about the ultimate trolling.President of the Chamber, Javier Palomeraz, denounced Trump to the Huffington Post, saying his divisive and racist rhetoric is the reason the group will be backing Clinton:We believe it is appropriate for us to weigh in and say enough is enough   What we re hearing from Donald Trump in his campaign: divisive, mean-spirited language [that] has marginalized Hispanics, immigrants, American POWs, Muslims, women, the disabled   and the list goes on.After public spats with Palomeraz, in which Trump cancelled events planned, the Clinton campaign was right there to attend, listen, and learn about the needs of Hispanic business owners. The Clinton campaign also was repeatedly in touch with the Chamber in an effort to reach out to communities using a slew of business leaders familiar with their needs.No wonder they re endorsing Clinton. It s no secret that the U.S. Chamber of Commerce is pro-Republican, pro-Conservative. But their opinion isn t the only representation of business in America.While Trump flunks the presidential test (yet again), Clinton picks up the pieces and offers her hand in support. It s no wonder more unions and business leaders have endorsed her than Trump. The Republican nominee looks out for one person and one person only   himself.Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
5399, WATCH: CNN Host Chris Cuomo Just Called Trump’s Campaign Chair A Liar On National TV,"It s about time the media started calling out Trump and his team for being the liars they are.The Trump campaign has been vigorously defending Melania Trump for plagiarizing parts of Michelle Obama s 2008 DNC speech for use in her own speech that she delivered on Monday. It s clear that Melania plagiarized the current First Lady because all one has to do is compare the passages side by side, which the New York Times did.Ms. Trump, Monday night: From a young age, my parents impressed on me the values that you work hard for what you want in life, that your word is your bond and you do what you say and keep your promise, that you treat people with respect. They taught and showed me values and morals in their daily lives. That is a lesson that I continue to pass along to our son. And we need to pass those lessons on to the many generations to follow. Because we want our children in this nation to know that the only limit to your achievements is the strength of your dreams and your willingness to work for them. Mrs. Obama, in her 2008 speech: Barack and I were raised with so many of the same values: that you work hard for what you want in life; that your word is your bond and you do what you say you re going to do; that you treat people with dignity and respect, even if you don t know them, and even if you don t agree with them. And Barack and I set out to build lives guided by these values, and pass them on to the next generation. Because we want our children   and all children in this nation   to know that the only limit to the height of your achievements is the reach of your dreams and your willingness to work for them. Trump campaign chair Paul Manafort has been especially defensive, even going so far as to blame Hillary Clinton for the plagiarism.But on Wednesday morning, even though it s clear that parts of the speech were plagiarized, Manafort was at it again on CNN denying that there was any plagiarism in the speech. It s as plain as day to look at them side by side,  Cuomo said of the plagiarism.  Can you acknowledge that and move on,  he asked Manafort.Manafort responded by bragging about Melania s speech and how  effective  it was as Cuomo sighed in frustration that he had to sit there and listen to the bullshit coming out of Manafort s mouth again. The controversy that you are talking about is not meaningful at all,  Manafort continued. He excused Mrs. Trump because she is not a political candidate and declared that his words are the final ones to be said on the issue.But Cuomo didn t let that slide. He asked Manafort why he keeps ignoring the fact that parts of the speech were plagiarized but Manafort only repeated himself, bragged about Donald Trump, and insisted the media move on.Cuomo slammed Manafort and the Trump campaign of for not liking the fact that they got caught and blasted them for not just admitting the truth, especially since Trump is constantly accusing Hillary Clinton of being a liar.  There s a pattern of denying the obvious,  Cuomo said.Manafort attacked the media in response and demanded that everyone move on from the controversy. Again, Cuomo refused to back down and he let Manafort know it in strong words. I can t move on because you keep lying about it! I have to talk about what is true! Here s the video via YouTube.If Donald Trump becomes president he will lie to the American people every day and so will anyone who works for him in his administration. The government will have zero transparency and we will never really know what is going on. The inability to even admit the obvious truth that parts of a speech were plagiarized is damning to Trump s campaign because it means he will not admit the truth when even worse things happen under his watch.As Joy Reid said on Monday night, if Michelle Obama had plagiarized her speech, conservatives would be crying foul and would never let it go as they are demanding the media do now for Melania Trump.Featured image via video screen capture ",0
5400, People Who Read This Wildly Popular Book Are Some Of The Biggest Trump Haters,"Harry Potter books are among the best selling books of all time. Among millennials, nearly half have read at least one book and more than 3/4ths have seen at least one movie. In other words, while few are measuring, Harry Potter fans are a pretty big voting bloc   and they don t like Donald Trump at all.Ironically, the study was done by Donald Trump s alma mater, the University of Pennsylvania. The hatred for Trump by Harry Potter readers went beyond party lines and even age or religion. Why the visceral distaste for the Republican nominee? Because he reminds them of the books  villain, Lord Voldemort. I think a lot of the identification of Trump s dominating kind of politics is something people associate with Voldemort,  she told TIME.  So it makes some sense that if you have been exposed to these long series of books where he is the ultimate kind of incarnation of evil, that the characteristics that are more aggressive tactics and so forth that Trump represents are less attractive, even leaving aside how it affects your policy attitudes. It s not exactly surprising. Harry Potter s author, J.K. Rowling, has been a vocal critic of Trump. In this tweet, she compared him to her villain:How horrible. Voldemort was nowhere near as bad. https://t.co/hFO0XmOpPH  J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) December 8, 2015The Harry Potter series has long been criticized by Christian Republicans (is there another kind anymore?). It deals in witchcraft, which is  sinful  according to many Christians. Since the books first hit the shelves, there has been a small but vocal movement to ban them. The people calling for the bans, we can only guess, are likely some of today s Trump voters.Beyond the stories of sorcery, Harry Potter books have a single message: tolerance. That message is the antithesis of the Trump campaign. The story is entertaining, people like the characters in it and the lessons it teaches are far more subtle than hitting you over the head with what kind of political candidate you should support,  she said.  They re about respect for the opposition and all kinds of things that are pro-tolerance messages. Maybe the secret to a Hillary Clinton win is to have everyone read Harry Potter before the election.Featured image via Pexels.",0
5401, New Hampshire Republican Calls For Executing Hillary By Firing Squad (AUDIO),"Trump s supporters are bloodthirsty monsters.By now it is crystal clear that Hillary Clinton needs the most Secret Service protection the government can provide because conservatives are obviously too crazy to be ignored.One such conservatives is New Hampshire Republican State Rep. Al Baldasaro, who is also Trump s adviser on veteran s affairs.On Tuesday, Baldasaro echoed other conservatives by calling for executing the former Secretary of State via firing squad for imaginary crimes conservatives think she is guilty of committing   even though there is no evidence that she ever committed a crime. House panels found nothing during their investigation of Benghazi and they couldn t find anything in their investigation into her emails either.Even the FBI couldn t recommend prosecution because there was nothing to go on.But Baldasaro and other conservatives don t care. They think they are judge, jury, and executioner. Hillary Clinton to me is the Jane Fonda of the Vietnam,  Baldasaro told a right-wing radio host.  She is a disgrace for the lies that she told those mothers about their children that got killed over there in Benghazi. She dropped the ball on over 400 emails requesting back up security. Something s wrong there. Again, even the House committee headed by REPUBLICANS could not find any evidence that Hillary Clinton failed to respond to attacks in Benghazi in which four Americans were killed, including Ambassador Chris Stevens.In fact, even Stevens  own family does not blame Clinton.But regardless of the facts, Baldarsaro wants blood. He accused Clinton of committing treason and said she should be shot. This whole thing disgusts me, Hillary Clinton should be put in the firing line and shot for treason. Here s the audio via BuzzfeedIn addition to right-wingers calling for Hillary to be shot, hanged, and imprisoned despite the fact that she has not committed a crime, Trump s delivery boy Chris Christie held a  mock trial  at the RNC Convention on Tuesday evening and charged her with crimes and let the crowd deliver verdicts. They chanted  Lock her up  and  guilty.  And this is all despite the fact that Christie himself is embroiled in a legal scandal of his own, which Hillary reminded him of on Twitter.Conservative hatred of Hillary Clinton has reached fever pitch and is extremely dangerous if left unchecked. Calling for the assassination of a political candidate is disgraceful and Donald Trump needs to tell his supporters that they are going too far. Because it is only a matter of time before a conservative gun nut actually attempts to put those calls into action.Featured image via YouTube",0
5402, Violent Sheriff Who Threatened Federal Prosecutor Wants Gun Back Because He’s Scared (VIDEO),"After two very high profile mass shootings of police, which followed two very high profile shootings of black men by police, Lafayette, Louisiana Sheriff Louis Ackal is scared and despite being under federal indictment, he wants his guns back.Ackal is not a good guy, at least if you believe the indictments against him. He and his second in command, Lt. Col. Gerald Savoy, are accused of orchestrating the beatings of five pre-trial inmates in areas where video cameras couldn t catch them.Prosecutors allege Ackal directed deputies to assault the inmates   three in connection with a lewd comment to a deputy, one for writing letters complaining about jail conditions and a fifth for no stated reason   and was present in the chapel for at least one of the beatings.Source: The AdvocateEight inmates have died in the jail. One, the death of Victor White III is under federal investigation, and Reverend Victor White Sr., the father of the victim, says all evidence points to the fact that his son was beaten to death. Ackal was asked to step down, and his response was  it ll be a cold day in hell when I resign. Here s a video:Even beyond those accusations, Ackal is accused of antisemitic attacks against a federal prosecutor, calling him  Jew bastard,  and saying he s shoot the prosecutor between his  Jewish eyes. According to a transcript of portions of the recording filed into the court record, Ackal made reference to  this sorry son-of-a-bitch Jew bastard in Washington, saying he is going to send me to a federal pen. Ackal also talks about how prosecutors discussed a possible deal with the sheriff. You know about these people. You can give them to us,  Ackal said, recalling what federal prosecutors told him.  I said the only thing I m gonna give you   f*****g shoot you right between your g*******d Jewish-eyes-look-like-opossum bastard. No one is denying he made the threat.Source: The AdvocateIn fact, his only defense was that his words were said in a  fit of anger,  as if no one has ever done anything violent in a  fit of anger.  Because of his fit of anger, and the alleged beatings of the inmates, Ackal s guns were taken away and now he says he s a  sitting duck. In a court document filed this week, an attorney for the sheriff also claimed there was a threat made recently against a deputy. Though the threat against the deputy was not carried out,  the atmosphere in this country, especially in south Louisiana, makes this a very realistic possibility,  attorney John McLindon wrote. In view of what s happening across the country,   I think it s wrong that I, as a police officer, am told that I can t carry a gun even though I ve not been convicted of anything,  Ackal said Tuesday.It s absurd, but so very American, that this powder keg of a sheriff thinks he s entitled to his guns, despite what he s said and has allegedly done. It s doubtful that civilians, especially those of color, would ever get their guns back under similar circumstances, but this bigoted sheriff expects that his badge will give him special privileges, which is really a metaphor for our militarized police force.If Ackal is really in danger, which is possible given the accusations against him, a judge should put him in protective custody, either that, or give him back his guns and put the rest of the country in protective custody.Featured image via KLFY video screen capture. ",0
5403, GOP Official Was Just ‘Emotional’ When He Said Clinton ‘Should Be Hanging From A Tree’,"It s almost pathetic how quickly and easily our frenemies on the Right jump to hanging people whenever they don t like them. Recently, a West Virginia lawmaker made national headlines when he said the former First Lady hung on the mall in Washington, D.C. Michael Folk, who also worked as a pilot for United Airlines, was suspended indefinitely after his words circulated and his employer was notified. But this sort of thinking, this violent desire to kill one s political enemies, is almost the norm in the GOP.Not only do we hear chants calling for Clinton s arrest and execution at GOP rallies (and even at the convention), but this sort of ugliness rears its head even in local politics. An Ohio lawmaker is under fire after he called for Clinton s execution   not because she has actually committed a crime   but just because he wants her dead.Licking County Commissioner Duane Flowers (R-epugnant), stood in a meeting of the board of commissioners and shared his thoughts Clinton Tuesday. Disgusted that the nation criticized Melania Trump for blatantly stealing part of Michelle Obama s 2008 Democratic National Convention speech, Flowers said that people should be focusing on hanging Hillary. During the meeting, he blurted out:Later in the day, after the criticism began to mount, he sad he regretted the remarks he made while  emotional. I got caught up in an emotional moment,  Flowers said.  She just totally makes my mind want to pop out of my ears. I really can t believe she s running for president. I m convinced 30 years ago, she d been locked up for life. I truly believe she has become above the law,  he added.  That s how far our system has fallen. Clinton, of course, has committed no crimes and the ones of which Republicans say she is guilty would not carry the death penalty (most of them, anyway). Unfortunately, Flowers seems to be a victim of right-wing media s incessant insistence that Clinton is a murderer and many other things she is not. As a Republican, Flowers has no choice given his mindset but to decide she should be dead.Fellow Republican and president of the board, Commissioner Tim Bubb, jumped in to defend Flowers after the remarks went public, saying that his buddy shouldn t be judged for publicly calling for the death of a high-profile political figure. I think he was on a rant and kind of venting,  Bubb said.  He sometimes wears his emotions on his sleeve. I hope you don t characterize it as that s all he is. There s a lot more to him than that. He s a good county commissioner.  Besides, he didn t mean for the public to find out about what he d said, Bubb explains: I don t think Duane meant it to be a statement on the record. We re fairly conversational, but it is a public session. We re not necessarily making statements for the greater world. Technically, we re in public session, and I guess anything you say is a public comment. People get caught up in this  R  versus  D  and blue versus red, and we should probably try to avoid that in public session and on the record,  Bubb said.  Every public official has to decide what they want to say. Unfortunately, contrary to these assertions, this sort of thing is normal for Republicans and the remarks are typically meant for the world to hear. They use statements like this to energize their rage-fueled base, to bring in votes, to keep the divide between Americans going as much as possible. Because the reality is that they depend on this sort of thing to get elected. It s simply what works with their base   and, unfortunately, the very people who want to murder someone when they get  emotional  are the ones who want to remove restrictions on gun sales.Think about that.Featured image via Licking County official website/Getty Images (Ethan Miller)",0
5404, Report: Trump Won’t Be Handling Foreign Or Domestic Tasks As President,"Donald Trump is officially the Republican nominee for President of the United States. Mike Pence is officially the nominee for Vice President of the United States. According to a new report from the New York Times, guess who will be doing almost all of the work?Hint: it won t be Donald Trump.The report, published today, chronicles just how Trump came to settle on Pence instead of the likes of John Kasich, Newt Gingrich, Condoleezza Rice and so forth. But several paragraphs concerning former presidential candidate John Kasich shows the true side of Donald Trump, one that Democrats have been trying to warn the American public about for over a year:One day this past May, Donald Trump s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., reached out to a senior adviser to Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, who left the presidential race just a few weeks before   Donald Jr. wanted to make him an offer nonetheless: Did he have any interest in being the most powerful vice president in history?When Kasich s adviser asked how this would be the case, Donald Jr. explained that his father s vice president would be in charge of domestic and foreign policy.Then what, the adviser asked, would Trump be in charge of? Making America great again  was the casual reply.And there you have it. What exactly does he mean when he says  making America great again  if he doesn t want to do the only things needed? Trump doesn t want the responsibility of actually being president, he just wants the title and the prestige. Instead of taking it upon himself to deliver on his promises, he s going to dump everything on Mike Pence and sit back and relax while the world crumbles (because everyone knows that wall isn t being built).Congratulations, Republicans, you really picked a winner. He hadn t even decided on who his Vice President would be when he figured out he doesn t want to put in the work to be President.Mike Pence is now poised to become the most powerful V.P. in American historyAnd Republicans say Democrats are lazy and Democrats disgrace the office of the presidency? Once again, the GOP is caught in a corner they can t back out of and it s all thanks to Donald J. Trump.On the second night of the Republican National Convention, Trump s youngest daughter, Tiffany, exulted that her father was a hard worker who never gave up, never stopped dreaming, and never stopped achieving. Well, it turns out he gave up being president of the United States before he has even started.Donald Trump, time and time again, has shown himself to be a lazy, pandering, egomaniacal, narcissistic blowhard. And, not surprisingly, he picked a vice president with the same attributes.  I can t wait to see how his duped electorate tries to justify this. They will somehow blame it on Hillary Clinton or President Obama, because that s what Republicans are good at   blaming others.If Democrats don t get out and vote, say hello to President Trump   eh, President Pence.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5405, Here’s Trump’s Hilariously Illegal Plan To Force Mexico To Fund His Border Wall,"Donald Trump has long insisted that he is going to build a massive wall along the U.S-Mexico border, and force the Mexican government to pay for it. Most people, regardless of political affiliations, find the idea to be nothing short of absurd. Well, Trump is determined, and now he has explained that Mexico will pay for that wall or else.ABC News reports that Trump details his plan for the wall on his campaign website, and boy is it a doozy of bullying and strongman tactics. Trump s campaign says: It s an easy decision for Mexico: Make a one-time payment of 5 to 10 billion dollars to ensure that 24 billion continues to flow into their country year after year. The cash flow to Mexico that Trump is rambling on about here is a reference to Mexican immigrants living in America who wire money to help relatives in their native country. This is clearly something Trump doesn t like. He calls the practice of helping one s family financially if said family happens to live in Mexico  de facto welfare for poor families in Mexico.  Because of course he does. How will he stop people from wiring money? Well, he ll force each and every person who wishes to transfer any money at all to Mexico to prove to the government that they are here in the U.S. by legal means. Never mind the massive undertaking such an operation would be, of course. What Trump wants, Trump gets.If that isn t shocking enough for you, there s more. Trump says that if that isn t enough to make Mexico bankroll his silly wall, then he will turn to  canceling visas,  which is something he wants to do anyway because he calls the issuing of Visas to Mexican nationals one of our greatest leverage points  in this whole insane border wall plan.If the threatening of the visas of Mexican nationals currently in the United States and all the other nonsense he s laid out here doesn t force Mexico to submit to The Donald s authoritarian plan, then, by god, he ll jack the prices of visas and that will finance the wall to keep all those Mexicans from immigrating to the United States.If this so-called  policy  plan doesn t tell people how insanely dangerous Donald Trump is, there s nothing that will. This is, on a legal level, questionable at best, and most likely flat-out illegal. But it s Donald Trump, and laws and the Constitution don t really seem to matter to him when it comes to his insane policies that target all the people he doesn t like.Make no mistake, this man is dangerous, and has no business anywhere near the White House.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
5406, Watch This GOP Delegate CLEARLY Show He Doesn’t Like Trump Winning The Nomination (VIDEO),"If you ve been watching the Republican National Convention you ve been witnessing quite the bizarre circus that doesn t seem quite real, as it all seems like a bit of a nightmare.Speaker after speaker has been vilifying Hillary Clinton and talking up Donald Trump as an acceptable choice for President of the United States. A job he is clearly, not by any means, qualified to do.On the second day of the convention came roll call, and state after state shouted out how many of their delegates went to each candidate. With Trump being the clear winner it left those who love him very happy, and those who don t want him anywhere near the White House shaking their heads, or worse.One GOP delegate literally stared straight into the camera as his state called out the number of delegates going to Trump, lifted up his hand, and slapped it against his face in a facepalm of epic proportions.Watch it all unfold here:Republican delegate facepalms as his state announces its votes for Trump #RNCinCLE https://t.co/0quzZReAgP https://t.co/KLoHOfqwK4  CNN Tonight (@CNNTonight) July 20, 2016It was the ultimate, well-understood facepalm felt around the world, and probably the way most sane people feel everywhere.If this guy is smart and, well, a decent human being, he ll make sure Trump isn t elected just as the rest of the world hopes is the outcome.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5407, Ben Carson Goes Off Teleprompter And Invokes Satan In CRAZY RNC Speech (VIDEO),"Tuesday night, retired neurosurgeon and former GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson delivered an  unusual  speech at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland.Carson, one of Trump s biggest (and worst) supporters, arrived on stage with far more energy than he usually has (he actually looked awake) and launched into a predictable attack on Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. He encouraged Republicans to dispel  the notion that a Hillary Clinton administration wouldn t be that bad,  and said: It won t be four or eight years because she will be appointing people who will have an effect on generations, and America may never recover from that. But then things got really weird. Carson accused Clinton of idolizing liberal radical Saul Alinsky, who according to Carson is  somebody who acknowledges Lucifer  in his book Rules For Radicals. Of course, no Republican s speech is ever complete without some bizarre, over-the-top religious reference, so it probably wasn t too shocking that Carson said: Are we willing to elect as president someone who has as their role model somebody who acknowledges Lucifer? If we continue to allow (secular progressives) to take God out of our lives, God will remove himself from us. We will not be blessed and our nation will go down the tubes   We don t want that to happen. If that accusation seemed strange or out of place, that s because it wasn t supposed to happen. Carson had derailed and gone completely off the teleprompter for that part of the speech, according to several reporters at the convention.Carson s main point, somewhere within his baffling rant, was that America shouldn t be standing behind a presidential candidate that loves Satan. And further proving to America that he s still batsh*t crazy, Carson actually tried to make the argument that Trump could be America s savior because he understands that the blessings of this nation come with the responsibility to ensure that they are available to all, not just the privileged few. You can watch the speech below, courtesy of CNN:Featured image via screen capture",0
5408, Donald Trump Jr. Speechwriters ALSO Copied Part Of His Speech (TWEETS),"A day after a plagiarism scandal rocked Melania Trump for the portions of her convention speech that were lifted from Michelle Obama, Donald Trump s son Donald Jr. faces a similar allegation.? pic.twitter.com/QEftnTTwy3  The Daily Show (@TheDailyShow) July 20, 2016The Twitter account for The Daily Show made the catch, pointing out a passage in Donald Trump Jr. s speech that appears to have been lifted from an article in a conservative magazine.In the speech, Trump pointed out that  our schools used to be an elevator to the middle class. Now they re stalled on the ground floor. In an article in The American Conservative, writer F.H. Buckley writes,  What should be an elevator to the upper class is stalled on the ground floor. In a later sentence, Buckley went on to say,  our schools and universities are like the old Soviet department stores whose mission was to serve the interests of the sales clerks and not the customers. In his speech to the convention, praising his father, Donald Trump Jr. said: [Schools are] like Soviet-era department stores that are run for the benefit of the clerks and not the customers. The writer, Buckley, then said in an interview with CNN that he  was a principal speech writer for the speech. So it s not an issue. If not a direct copy like the Melania/Obama issue, the incident continues to highlight the manner in which the Trump team continues to botch the basics of running a convention, which has been echoed in their lack of preparation for the general election.All day long the Trump campaign tried to fight back on the story of Melania s plagiarism, first claiming that it didn t happen, then arguing that since it was only 7 percent of the speech it didn t matter, then blaming speechwriters when she said I an interview with NBC that she wrote it herself.Talk of the speech dominated the day when in most traditional campaigns the presentation from the nominee s spouse would have generated positive headlines.Donald Trump Jr. himself blamed the speechwriters and not his stepmother for the incident, telling CBS News,  Of course [Melania] worked with speechwriters. Having never done this before, you have to work with speechwriters. Those are the people that did this. Featured image via Twitter",0
5409, One Of The Worst Right-Wing Trolls Just Got Banned From Twitter FOREVER,"Right-wing super troll and Breitbart.com contributor Milo Yiannopoulos has been banned from Twitter forever. The announcement comes from the social network after years of Yiannopoulos using the service to direct his followers to hound and harass people with racist, bigoted, and sexist threats.That ended on Tuesday.But this week he went far. According to Twitter, it was Yiannopoulos who led the harassment campaign against Ghostbusters actor Leslie Jones that inspired the SNL cast member s decision to leave Twitter. The tweets, many of which targeted Jones for being black and a woman, were the final straw for Twitter, which is taking steps to try to solve its harassment problem.According to the company, the permanent suspension isn t a matter of speech as much as a matter of behavior   specifically, a violation of Twitter s rules regarding the targeted abuse of specific users.Yiannopoulos and his rabid fan base went after Jones because they view her role in the all-female Ghostbusters as an attack on men, and believe the movie should be attacked, no matter the merits of the film on its own.As a result, when the so-called  alt-right  pundit directed his followers to Jones, the actress received numerous tweets comparing her to a monkey or baboon and a torrent of racist and sexist epithets.Jones, frustrated that Twitter was not responding to clear violations of its user policy prohibiting such actions, began to post the threats she received as a form of protest against the company. Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey finally reached out to Jones, but only after hours of posting the clear violations.Yiannopoulos has styled himself as a provocateur on what he and his followers call the  alt-right.  The movement though is not really  alt  but is a throwback to some of the racist and sexist impulses that have lived on the right for decades. Alt-right supporters of Trump have often sent anti-Semitic images and messages to journalists who they feel are not supportive enough of the Republican nominee.Featured image via YouTube",0
5410, Even Trump Voters Think Obama’s Economy Is Doing Great,"Democrats and a lot of Republicans are scratching our heads trying to figure out the appeal of the braggadocios billionaire. Democrats say that the appeal is very basic; his message of nationalism, xenophobia, sexism and racism makes aging white people feel like they are losing all their power. Trump voters say it s something different; they say it s the economy, unless it s their economy. While Obama has apparently screwed up the economy, they think their local economies are doing just great.It s not terribly surprising. To hear Trump speak, we are in some sort of post apocalyptic hellscape that only the Orange One can take us out of. You know he s trying to justify the economy. It s the slowest recovery in our history, and it s not a recovery,  he said.Source: The HillTrump calls the economy a  disaster. Trump even repeats the bogus claim that the unemployment rate is over 40 percent. That would be apocalyptic.Now, delegates are supposed to be (supposed to be) a cross section of the American people. If anything, they should be a little smarter than the average bear, at least the average Republican bear, but even they seem to excel at compartmentalizing. They are individually very happy with the economy, but they also believe Trump when the billionaire tells them they are suffering. Actually, we re doing great,  says Donna Gottschall, a human resources consultant in Greenville, S.C.  Employment s up. Housing s up. Everything s green in Greenville! Oh, yeah, unemployment is way down,  says Al Baldasaro, a state legislator and retired Marine from Londonderry, N.H.  Obviously, it s gotten better. Things are wonderful in our town,  says Ranae Lentz, a Republican county chair from Bellefontaine, Ohio.  We can t fill all the job openings. Source: PoliticoWhile it s unlikely that any Trump supporter would credit Obama with anything at all, some do credit Bush.Tina Harris, a longtime realtor in Palm Harbor, Florida, told me the housing market is  booming.  But she argued that this was a troubling data point, because buyers were liquidating their 401(k) accounts and taking money out of the  real economy  to purchase homes.  Have you checked your 401(k) lately?  asked her friend Nancy Riley, another veteran realtor in the St. Petersburg area. I said I hadn t, but I did know the stock market had just hit an all-time high, and I didn t see why jobs in construction and real estate like theirs shouldn t count as the real economy. I m not saying everything is horrible,  Harris said.  But it was George W. Bush who put in the policies that got the economy going. Obama did nothing. Strangely, even Trump himself has accidentally given a thumbs up to Obama s economy. In announcing his running mate, Indiana s governor, Mike Pence, Trump bragged that the unemployment rate has gone from 8.4 percent to 5 percent. Well, under Obama, the nation s unemployment rate has gone from 10 percent to under 5 percent.No one is claiming the economy is perfect. Thanks in part to Republican policies, like refusing to raise the minimum wage, wages have been stagnant, and also thanks to Republican policies, the income gap has only grown. There s still a lot of work to be done, but Trump s policies won t do it. In fact, the chief economist at Moody s predicts that Trump s protectionist platform will lose us 3.5 million jobs.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5411, Hillary Clinton BLASTS Steve King’s Blatant Racism: ‘This Is Literally White Supremacy’,"Hillary Clinton is making sure that the shockingly racist comments made by Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) don t slip by her supporters. An email was sent out by the Clinton camp calling out King s bigotry with a subject line that read: This is literally white supremacy. The fundraising appeal, written by Clinton deputy communications director Christina Reynolds, pointed out that this kind of racism has become synonymous with the Trump campaign.King s comments were widely reported as a textbook example of white supremacy, and it wasn t the first time the Party of Trump has had a disturbing connection to white supremacy in recent months.The campaign email continues, reminding readers of former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke s endorsement of the bigoted billionaire, as well as Trump s failure to disavow the former Grand Wizard and the KKK in general. The Republican nominee eventually gave a half-hearted condemnation of the infamous hate group and blamed his prior failure to do so on a faulty earpiece.The email also noted Trump s recent anti-Semitic tweet that featured Clinton s picture, on a background of $100 bills, with a Star of David that had the words  Most Corrupt Candidate Ever  written in it. We re taking this seriously. Our country was founded on the idea that we are all created equal, no matter the color of our skin, the faith we practice, or who we love,  Reynolds wrote.  We re going to keep calling Trump out on the deplorable ideas he perpetuates, and we re going to keep fighting to win the White House this November   not just by a few votes, but by an overwhelming majority   to show Trump, white supremacists, and the world in no uncertain terms that here in America, we don t stand for hatred. During King s appearance on MSNBC Monday night, Esquire s Charlie Pierce pointed out that the overwhelming majority of speakers at the Republican National Convention were white, and the Iowa Republican went full on racist. This whole business does get a little tired, Charlie. I would ask you to go back through history and figure out where are these contributions that have been made by these other categories of people you are talking about, where did any other subgroup of people contribute more to civilization?  King asked.Co-host Chris Hayes asked,  Than white people? Than Western civilization itself. That s rooted in Western Europe, Eastern Europe and the United States of America, and every place where the footprint Christianity settled the world,  King said.  That s all of Western civilization. Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
5412," ‘Not-Racist’ Steve King Doubles Down: Nope, Whites Are Definitely The Superior Race","You know what s even more stupid than blaming Melania Trump s plagiarism on My Little Pony? Claiming that whites are the superior race. What s even worse than that? Doing it again.On Monday, Iowa Rep. Steve King replaced his dog whistle with a microphone and openly declared that whites are the superior race. Responding to criticism that the Republican National Convention is filled with  loud, unhappy, dissatisfied white people  during an appearance on MSNBC, King snapped: This whole business does get a little tired. I would ask you to go back through history and figure out where are these contributions that have been made by these other categories of people that you are talking about, where did any other subgroup of people contribute more to civilization? Than white people?  Chris Hayes asked. Than than western civilization itself that s rooted in western Europe, eastern Europe and the United States of America, and every place where Christianity settled the world,  King replied after realizing that he had actually uttered the words he was thinking.  That s all of western civilization. On Tuesday, King clarified his remarks, explaining that while whites are the superior race, people of other races have also made contributions to civilization. It s pretty close [to what I said]. What I really said was  Western civilization  and when you describe Western civilization that can mean much of Western civilization happens to be Caucasians. But we should not apologize for our culture or our civilization,  King told ABC News. The contributions that were made by Western civilization itself, and by Americans, by Americans of all races stand far above the rest of the world. The Western civilization and the American civilization are a superior culture. King says he was responding to, and correcting, political blogger Charlie Pierce but he s happy that he was able to start a dialogue about how awesome white people are: But what we have is people who are trying to parse something, to hyperventilate about that. I m OK if they do that because it starts the dialogue so we can open up more minds so people can think about what s right for America. So, there you have it: whites have contributed far more than other races, according to King, but he s now willing to admit that maybe others have done stuff too.Watch King s original remarks below:Featured image via Getty Images/Andrew Burton",0
5413, Don’t Freak Out – Clinton’s Odds Of Beating Trump Are 3 To 1,"It s still a few months before the election, so the media has to keep us interested by telling us it s an up and down horse race. Recent polls show Donald Trump neck and neck with Hillary Clinton (okay, done with the horse metaphors), but reality paints a much different picture. Recent models show that Clinton has a 3 to 1 chance of winning.For example, the most recent NBC poll shows that Clinton and Trump are virtually tied.The New York Times  Upshot examines state by state polling, rather than overall polling. They also take past results into account. With our electoral college, polling a national sampling can be wildly inaccurate, yet that s what most pollsters do.Their prediction? It s not a lock for Clinton, but they say her chances of winning are 76 percent to 24 percent for Trump. Read their article. There are a lot of fascinating interactive charts. In essence, though, Clinton has 945 ways to win. Trump has 72.The always sane Nate Silver at FiveThirtyEight.com agrees, kind of. Silver acknowledges that Clinton s lead is now down to just 3 or 4 points, which is kind of frightening, but according to Silver, there s a 35 to 40 percent chance that Trump can pull it out. What s particularly disconcerting about that, though, is that Clinton has about the same lead in the polls that John Kerry did in 2004, and we all know how that election turned out.One big unknown is whether the spate of violence by and toward the police will continue. Right now, the Republican party is waging an effective campaign of telling Americans that we are in a race war and the only way for the majority (white people) to win, is by voting for Donald Trump. Then again, there are those of us who believe that the way to start a race war is to elect Trump.Featured image of Hillary Clinton by Alex Wong at Getty Images | Featured image of Donald Trump by Will McNamee at Getty Images",0
5414," The RNC’s First Night Proves Republicans Are Dividing America, Not President Obama","We ve all heard it from our conservative friends (and enemies): race relations are worse under President Obama. President Obama is dividing this nation using race and religion as a factor. The Democrats (and, again, President Obama), are pitting Americans against Americans.We ve heard it time and time again. Everything is President Obama s fault, not his vile, racist, xenophobic haters.But before anyone with half a brain entertains that idea any further, look at the first night of the RNC. It was a disaster, we all know. Chaos broke out, Republicans stormed out and threw their credentials, Never Trump delegates staged protests and challenged the rules.But what was even more telling was the vile, racist (blatant and latent) and divisive comments that came from a slew of speakers and representatives:The next time a republican wants to accuse President Obama and the democrats of stoking racial, divisive sentiments, just show them reruns of the first day of the RNC.In only seven hours, the Republicans successfully demonized (multiple times) anyone who wasn t a white, male, Christian conservative. It must be a new record.For too long Democrats and peaceful progressives have been demonized anyone who dares to call out their hateful, radicalizing rhetoric. They have blamed Black Lives Matter for dead police, but don t blame their anti-Muslim rhetoric for radicalization in the Middle East (which has trickled into the United States). They blame liberals for the United States   weakened  image across the world, but they somehow managed to give us someone dumber than George W. Bush.Republicans say Democrats hyper focus on race, yet they put their token black conservative on stage to celebrate the killing of unarmed black men and women.Republicans say the people don t have faith in American politics or their elected officials anymore, and then they put a general on stage to chant  lock her up,  making a spectacle never seen before in American politics.Politics has become a victim peddling sideshow to the Republican Party. Their resurgence of Nixon s Southern Strategy, coupled with a divide-and-conquer mentality, was put on full display as one after another, speakers and personalities alike made it their mission to appeal to the lowest common denominator: hate.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5415, Chris Cuomo STUNNED As Trump’s Advisor Blames Hillary For Melania’s Plagiarized Speech (VIDEO),"Republicans have routinely blamed President Barack Obama whenever something goes wrong, even if it s completely unrelated to him in any way. Perhaps it s a sign that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is going to be replacing Obama in the White House, because the GOP is already blaming the dumbest things on her   including Melania Trump s disastrous speech on the first night of the Republican National Convention.Melania s speech raised eyebrows last night as people immediately recognized how similar it was to First Lady Michelle Obama s speech from the 2008 Democratic National Convention. It was clear that a good chunk of the speech had been plagiarized, but don t expect Trump s campaign to take any responsibility for it. On CNN this morning, Trump campaign advisor Paul Manafort refused to acknowledge the obvious similarities and awkwardly denied any plagiarism. It was an uncomfortable interview with Chris Cuomo, and Manafort made it even worse by trying to blame it on Clinton. Manafort told Cuomo, who appeared stunned by what he was hearing, that Melania s speech was original: There s no cribbing of Michelle Obama s speech. I mean, these were common words and values  I mean, she was speaking in front of 35 million people last night, she knew that. To think that she would be cribbing Michelle Obama s words is crazy. Cuomo pointed out that the speech didn t just pull a few common words   there were word-for-word sentences that were taken from the First Lady s 2008 address. Here s  a few  similarities, as a Twitter user pointed out:TwitterThe truth is blatantly obvious, but Manafort continued to refuse to admit that there had been any sort of wrongdoing and tried to place the blame onto Clinton. He said: This is, once again, an example of what happens when a woman threatens Hillary Clinton. She seeks to demean her and take her down. It s not going to work. You can watch Manafort make a fool of himself below:Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort: Melania Trump s speech used  common words and phrases.  https://t.co/lkuwa1KM6O  CNN (@CNN) July 19, 2016Manafort isn t the only Trump advisor blaming Clinton for this incident. Donald Trump senior advisor Sarah Huckabee Sanders defended the Trump campaign and Melania on Fox News  America s Newsroom when host Martha MacCallum pointed out that the speech had been lifted. When MacCallum brought up the fact that many people thought Manafort should be fired for allowing such a thing to happen, Huckabee Sanders said: I think the person who ought to be fired is Hillary Clinton. She broke the law and that s been completely ignored. Featured image is a screenshot",0
5416, RNC Spokesman Hilariously Ridiculed After Invoking ‘My Little Pony’ Defense Of Melania (SCREENSHOTS/VIDEO),"Sometimes, politics can get so ridiculous that one is forced to wonder if what he or she is seeing is really happening. One of those moments occurred on the second day of the GOP convention. After Melania Trump blatantly plagiarized part of Michelle Obama s 2008 Democratic convention speech, the GOP leaped into action, offering every ridiculous excuse they could muster to defend the prospective next First Lady   including the Trump campaign s official hamburger delivery boy Chris Christie s  well-she-didn t-plagiarize-all-of-it-so-it-wasn t-plagiarism  defense.But the most insane thing to come out of this scenario is perhaps Republican National Committee communications director Sean Spicer s  My Little Pony  defense. Melania Trump said,  You work hard for what you want in life.  Akon said,  Work hard for what you get in life.  John Legend said,  Work hard,  Spicer offered during an interview on MSNBC. You re quoting Akon and John Legend?  asked host Craig Melvin. Hold on, it s getting better,  Spicer continued. And he was right   it did get better: Melania Trump said,  The strength of your dreams and your willingness to work for them.  Twilight Sparkle from  My Little Pony  said,  This is your dream, anything you can do in your dreams. A simple Google search of three phrases comes up with everything from Sparkle Pony to John Legend to Akon,  Spicer said, ignoring that an entire paragraph was quoted by Mrs. Trump nearly word-for-word.Naturally, the internet had a lot of fun with this:A presidential campaign quoting from MY LITTLE PONY. There just isn't enough popcorn in all the world for this. pic.twitter.com/wMl166jHQZ  Scott Sigler (@scottsigler) July 19, 2016My Little Pony is trending, my 7yr old girl is going to be ecstatic, a new movie! Then I come to realize, it's even better!!  Jason MacDonald (@jasonm_stones) July 19, 20164wait they actually cited my little pony?!  kath bishop (@holeygeorge) July 19, 2016Why is my little pony trending . Oh god  CHOROMATSU   GIRL (@zero_ukai) July 19, 2016I always go watch My Little Pony to find phrases I can use in my speeches. Doesn't everyone?  Bella Elle (@Preciosa_Liz) July 19, 2016Republicans are trying in every which way possible to defend Melania stealing that speech ?? they're out here quoting my little pony ?  Gabby (@LoveeeGabby_) July 19, 2016When ""My Little Pony"" is being referenced seriously in political discourse, you know the end is near. pic.twitter.com/xPkmcQMKau  Candace Blessed (@blessedcandace) July 19, 2016YOU GUYS @seanspicer just quoted Twilight Sparkle from My Little Pony to defend Melania Trump and I am DONE  Hayes Brown (@HayesBrown) July 19, 2016RNC, why are you bringing My Little Pony into this?! What did Twilight Sparkle do to you?! https://t.co/ouEIt88shg  Kimberly Ann (@KimmyEason) July 19, 2016The My Little Pony defense like totally works here  pic.twitter.com/vMcGXyHU3K  Max (@MaxDeChiara) July 19, 2016The My Little Pony defense? Could this election get any crazier? (The answer is yes, I know, I know.) #MelaniaLovesMichelle  Noah Evslin (@nevslin) July 19, 2016My little pony  Really? pic.twitter.com/AyhkCDgX1Z  Jill (@jedichica) July 19, 2016So she also plagiarized ""My Little Pony""? Has she no shame? https://t.co/wQ5xZbHXXi  Lenny (@DimeStoreNinja) July 19, 2016I can't even with this using ""My Little Pony"" as a defense? Really?! The absurdity has become surreal.  (((Jeff))) (@progpoet) July 19, 2016The bottom line #MelaniaTrump did commit #plagiarism if not of #MicheleObama then of My Little Pony ? #PlagiaristMelania  Souad (@minouche_tlm) July 19, 2016Oh well if she was just paraphrasing My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic then it s totally less idiotic https://t.co/P64WN0iUtr  Rebecca Marie Kocsis (@BeccaMarie82) July 19, 2016@CNN so your future First Lady has the same mindset as my little pony!! Is that what you're saying?!?  _______ (@DontCare_w) July 19, 2016Why couldn't Twilight Sparkle from My Little Pony save me when I handed in that paper in 9th grade?  Adam Parker (@goatsonparade) July 19, 2016GOP's Sean Spicer defends Melania Trump against accusations she plagiarized Michelle Obama by suggesting Melania plagiarized My Little Pony.  I, Hoebot. (@eclecticbrotha) July 19, 2016So she has also plagiarized My Little Pony and Kid Rock. What noble leaders to emulate. https://t.co/YMTR3TrGj8  Cassie Gibbs (@trojan_roo) July 19, 2016I bet this is one My Little Pony the RNC isn't down with. pic.twitter.com/aLAaRaiylp  Dolly Llama (@BrandonLBC) July 19, 2016OMG,my Little Pony and then they include John Legend!.Just like they ignored Brian May's( Queen's)copyright! https://t.co/9ccPz4LMsm  Angels4Autism (@Angel4Autism) July 19, 2016If Republicans are now messing with My Little Pony, I m pretty sure that crosses a line. They re at risk of losing the key brony vote.  Mike Knell (@mpk) July 19, 2016With the My Little Pony defense of Melania Trump s plagiarism, GOP proves  Partisanship is Magic.  https://t.co/4a4ObPrau8  Jeet Heer (@HeerJeet) July 19, 2016Please tell me the RNC did NOT just go into My Little Pony  oh what a year!  Diz Foley (@DizFoley) July 19, 2016You know how all those guys were like ""Girl Ghostbusters ruined my childhood?""Well the RNC quoting My Little Pony is doing nothing for mine  Marla Rosenthal (@half_shiksa) July 19, 2016Let s say Spicer is 100% correct in that Michelle Obama lifted the phrases from  My Little Pony.  He s not, but let s pretend that this is some alternate universe where rabid, tentacular beasts rule the planet, the sky is constantly on fire, and a smart, classy woman like Michelle Obama needs to dip into the brilliant and thought-provoking scripts of  My Little Pony  in order to write a speech.Does it really make it any better that Melania Trump lifted quotes third-hand from a children s TV show? Is the fact that Mrs. Trump couldn t steal from someone more respectable than a show about magic horses actually comforting?Here s the thing, though. While Spicer really  had to reach to connect Trump s (and Obama s) to My Little Pony, the difference in wording between the two speeches was minimal. In any case, this tweet from California Senate candidate Thomas Del Beccaro keeps getting more hilarious by the minute.#MelaniaTrump proved tonight she is total opposite of #MichelleO. No anger. No complaints. Just about what can happen through opportunity.  Thomas Del Beccaro (@tomdelbeccaro) July 19, 2016Watch this ridiculous attempt to defend Mrs. Trump below:And watch him double down on CNN here:Featured image via screengrab (NBC)/screengrab",0
5417, Queen Declares RNC’s Use Of Their Music Was Unauthorized,"Yesterday, on the first day of the Republican National Convention (which turned out to be a complete disaster), Donald Trump introduced his plagiarizing wife, Melania, to the tune of Queen s 1977 hit rock ballad  We Are the Champions. The choice of song sparked outrage on social media (and rightfully so). Freddie Mercury, lead singer of Queen, was gay and, for a portion of his life, stricken with AIDS. This year s Republican platform is the most anti-LGBT in the party s history, and their vice presidential nominee, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, is a notorious homophobe who curtailed vital HIV/AIDS resources in Indiana.So the question was asked: given how hostile the GOP and Trump/Pence are to LGBT rights, why on God s green earth would Queen allow one of their most iconic hits to be played at the parade of hate?Well, it turns out, Queen never authorized the use of their song. In fact, the RNC actually went against their wishes:An unauthorised use at the Republican Convention against our wishes   Queen  Queen (@QueenWillRock) July 19, 2016Here s to hoping that the iconic band sues the hell out of the deficit stricken RNC. Although Queen is against their music being used, the right to use it doesn t come from them but rather the performing rights organization Broadcast Music Inc, which the iconic song belongs to for distribution.However, it remains to be seen if BMI authorized its use.Knowing the Trump campaign and the stupidity of the RNC, it may actually be highly unlikely that they did, and no one would be shocked if it slipped their minds.Countless celebrities and musicians alike have banned Republicans from using their music,  including Rage Against the Machine, Heart, Foo Fighters, the Rolling Stones, and Adele. Queen apparently was on th list, but Republicans chose to ignore their wishes. I wonder how long it will take them to blame Hillary Clinton for their mistake.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5418," Megyn Kelly Drops The Hammer On Roger Ailes, Details Sexual Harassment By Fox News Boss","The era of Roger Ailes at Fox News is definitely over after this devastating blow.Earlier this month, former Fox News host Gretchen Carlson revealed that she was no longer with the conservative network. As it turns out, she had been fired by Roger Ailes because she refused to have a sexual relationship with him.Her lawsuit alleges that Ailes relentlessly ogled her and treated her like a sexual object in the workplace. She faced constant sexual harassment from Ailes and her male colleagues and when she tried to get the harassment to stop Ailes told her it would all go away if she would just agree to let him have sex with her. She declined, so Ailes fired her from Fox & Friends and moved her to an unpopular time slot with a pay reduction and more work in order to force her to submit to his demand. After she continued to refuse, Ailes fired her from the network entirely. I have strived to empower women and girls throughout my entire career,  Carlson said in a statement.  Although this was a difficult step to take, I had to stand up for myself and speak out for all women and the next generation of women in the workplace. But other women on Fox News were not as brave as Carlson. They sided with Ailes and threw Carlson under the bus.But the most powerful woman on Fox News is no longer remaining quiet and that is bad news for Ailes.New York Magazine reports that Megyn Kelly has met with attorneys representing the Murdochs, who own Fox, and told them how Roger Ailes sexually harassed her when she was a correspondent for the network.According to two sources briefed on parent company 21st Century Fox s outside probe of the Fox News executive, led by New York based law firm Paul, Weiss, Kelly has told investigators that Ailes made unwanted sexual advances toward her about ten years ago when she was a young correspondent at Fox. Kelly, according to the sources, has described her harassment by Ailes in detail.As New York Magazine notes, this is probably the reason why Kelly had remained silent in the wake of the scandal, waiting for the right time to strike. And if the sources are accurate, Kelly just delivered the death blow to Ailes  career with Fox.Ailes has reportedly been given an August 1st deadline to resign or he will be fired for just cause.And Murdoch s attorneys are not done investigating yet so there could be even more revelations to come.Meanwhile, the Paul, Weiss lawyers are attempting to interview former Fox employees who have stories of harassment but haven t spoken because they signed settlements with Ailes s Fox attorney, Dianne Brandi. 21st Century Fox is now waiving the NDAs to allow women to speak.If this report is correct it could spell the end of Roger Ailes at Fox News and that would be a good thing for everyone. Now let s wait and see how many of Ailes  female defenders start attacking Megyn Kelly.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
5419, WATCH: Joy Reid Has PERFECT Response To Melania Trump’s Plagiarized Speech,"As conservatives rushed to find excuses for Melania Trump s plagiarized speech at the RNC Convention on Monday night, Joy Reid pointed out the hypocrisy.The festivities got off to a rocky start on the first day of the convention, which is definitely not what the Republican Party had in mind.Melania Trump auditioned to be the First Lady by stealing part of Michelle Obama s DNC Convention speech from 2008, and it s pretty obvious that the similarities are not just a coincidence.Here are passages of both speeches side by side via the New York Times.Ms. Trump, Monday night: From a young age, my parents impressed on me the values that you work hard for what you want in life, that your word is your bond and you do what you say and keep your promise, that you treat people with respect. They taught and showed me values and morals in their daily lives. That is a lesson that I continue to pass along to our son. And we need to pass those lessons on to the many generations to follow. Because we want our children in this nation to know that the only limit to your achievements is the strength of your dreams and your willingness to work for them. Mrs. Obama, in her 2008 speech: Barack and I were raised with so many of the same values: that you work hard for what you want in life; that your word is your bond and you do what you say you re going to do; that you treat people with dignity and respect, even if you don t know them, and even if you don t agree with them. And Barack and I set out to build lives guided by these values, and pass them on to the next generation. Because we want our children   and all children in this nation   to know that the only limit to the height of your achievements is the reach of your dreams and your willingness to work for them. Clearly, this is not just a mistake, but Trump apologists and even members of the media are blaming speechwriters and campaign staff even though Melania Trump told Matt Lauer prior to the convention that she wrote it herself. So Melania is either a liar or lazy or both.And the hypocrisy was too much for Joy Reid to stand by and say nothing. Reid pointed out that if Michelle Obama s speech had been plagiarized she would not have been given a pass. I ll start by quoting a guy called Tom Nichols, who s a conservative and very prominent on Twitter, who said,  Ask yourself if Michelle Obama would have been given a pass had she done the same thing in 2008?  I think we re all very quickly passing the responsibility onto staff. Clearly, this is a campaign that is poorly staffed. I think that has been clear for a long time. But they sent Melania Trump over to Matt Lauer to say that she wrote it [the speech]. But we re immediately dismissing the idea that she had anything to do with it. I doubt that we would dismiss the idea that Michelle Obama had anything to do with it.She s an adult woman. She s grown up. She has participated in the delivery of this speech. She gave the speech. So I think you have to give responsibility   sure, to the staff, the campaign management has been poor here   but Melania Trump did give the speech and Michelle Obama wouldn t have gotten a pass. Here s the video via VidMe.Indeed, conservatives would have howled in rage had Michelle Obama plagiarized her speech. They would have said that it proved she is unqualified to be First Lady and they would not have tolerated any excuse. Let s face it, the difference here is that Melania Trump is the wife of the Republican nominee and her skin is white and that somehow makes it okay that she plagiarized her speech. Once again, conservatives demonstrate clearly that they are hypocrites who don t have original thoughts.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5420, Whoa! Melania Trump Just Stole A Whole Paragraph From Michelle Obama (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s wife was the headline speaker on the first night of the Republican National Convention. It was supposed to be her big moment. She was supposed to be convincing everyone that she was first lady material. But that all went straight down the toilet when she got busted for stealing an entire paragraph of her speech straight from Michelle Obama s 2008 speech to the Democratic National Committee.Here is the suspicious section of Melania s speech:My parents impressed on me the value of that you work hard for what you want in life. That your word is your bond and you do what you say and keep your promise. That you treat people with respect. Show the values and morals in in the daily life. That is the lesson that we continue to pass on to our son.We need to pass those lessons on to the many generations to follow. [Cheering] Because we want our children in these nations to know that the only limit to your achievement is the strength of your dreams and your willingness to work for them.And here are the words from Michelle Obama s speech in 2008:And Barack and I were raised with so many of the same values: that you work hard for what you want in life; that your word is your bond and you do what you say you re going to do; that you treat people with dignity and respect, even if you don t know them, and even if you don t agree with them.And Barack and I set out to build lives guided by these values, and pass them on to the next generation. Because we want our children   and all children in this nation   to know that the only limit to the height of your achievements is the reach of your dreams and your willingness to work for them.You can listen to the plagiarized portion of Melania s speech here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxBTstcktnM]Plagiarism is never acceptable,and if this is the level of incompetence with which Trump s campaign is being run, just imagine how he and his administration would run the country.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5421, Trump’s Grand Entrance To The RNC Is Getting The Brutal Mockery It Deserves (TWEETS),"If you haven t figured it out by now, Donald Trump loves himself   a lot. In fact, he may love himself more than anything or anyone else on this planet. His raging narcissism is obvious and if you don t see it, well, you re probably a few sandwiches short of a picnic.So, leave it to Trump to walk in and introduce his wife Melania at the Republican National Convention by making it all about himself, not his wife.He walked in, blasphemously, to Queen s  We are the Champions,  while covered in a smoky green haze reminiscent of how a WWE wrestler would enter before a performance..@realDonaldTrump makes a grand entrance at the #RNCinCLE https://t.co/aUYikTbReQ https://t.co/ceoOcf87l5  CBS News (@CBSNews) July 19, 2016It was absolutely ridiculous, yet not at all surprising. However, the internet responded appropriately, and brilliantly:He did it. He actually did it. Trump did the WWE entrance. pic.twitter.com/yp9JhaRbsf  T. Becket Adams (@BecketAdams) July 19, 2016On the left is Trump's entrance. On the right is WWE wrestler the Undertaker's entrance. pic.twitter.com/WxniQUurLq  Gideon Resnick (@GideonResnick) July 19, 2016Wow, Donald Trump s entrance tonight sure was weird. pic.twitter.com/qxVtcridu3  Dan McQuade (@dhm) July 19, 2016If you suspected you'd seen that Trump entrance before, you'd be right pic.twitter.com/uTMLQCq0JW  Dan Ginnane (@DanGinnane) July 19, 2016That Trump entrance was something pic.twitter.com/Mt438Wvf2w  Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) July 19, 2016inspiration for Trump entrance? pic.twitter.com/is5ijqMA4M  Jaime Fuller (@j_fuller) July 19, 2016Trump's entrance looked familiar, right? #RNCinCLE pic.twitter.com/IPuwBXnhwQ  Brian (@Principat0) July 19, 2016To put it simply, it was absurd, and just another shining example of Trump s ever-expanding ego. Did he really need to walk out like that? Of course not, but he did, because of course he did. Trump wouldn t have it any other way. I mean, how boring if he just walked out like a normal human being, or like any other politician introducing their spouse?If it s not clear to you by now that Trump is only in this race for himself   wake up.Featured image via Twitter",0
5422," Trump Says To H*ll With Benghazi Mom, Does Live Fox News Interview During Her Speech","The Republican National Convention got off to a rocky start on Monday. The evening portion opened with what else but Benghazi. Patricia Smith, who s son, Sean Smith, was killed that fateful night in Libya, spoke at the RNC. This should have been a big deal to the presumptive nominee, but Trump is a narcissist.Trump is ever so worried about Benghazi, but apparently not enough to decide not to interrupt this grieving mother s big moment by calling into Fox News for a live interview smack dab in the middle of her speech. MSNBC and CNN continued to cover Smith s emotional remarks, but Fox cut away from her to broadcast Trump s interview.What did he have to say that was so important? Not much. He gave a brief preview of what he plans to say on Thursday night when he accepts the GOP nomination, promising a fairly lengthy speech that will cover many themes   one of them is law and order. O Reilly asked if he intended to discuss the recent police killings that have taken place in Baton Rouge and Dallas, and Trump said that he would definitely be talking about this issue.Of course. It s a big issue; it s a horrible issue; and it s going to be a very important one. It s called law and order. We want law and order.When he was asked about the Black Lives Matter movement, Trump said that some of the protesters are essentially calling death to the police, and that s unacceptable.  He promised that if he makes it into the White House he will look into it very seriously.  O Reilly pressed him on just what that meant, and Trump said that he would perhaps talk with the attorney general about it or do something, but at a minimum, we re going to have to be watching. Meanwhile, Patricia Smith was publicly mourning the death of her son at the RNC, slamming Hillary Clinton for her role in Benghazi. Benghazi! This has been the GOP s favorite witch hunt for years, but Trump thinks it is more important to talk about what he is going to talk about? Really? No narcissism there. Nope. None at all.You can watch the interview here:[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USE4T27je0U]Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
5423, WATCH: GOP Congressman Goes Full RACIST On First Night Of Convention,"Republican congressman Steve King (IA) launched into the first night of the Republican National Convention with a racist tirade on MSNBC. He made the argument that white people have contributed the most to civilization, and downplayed what other races have done.King told the members of a panel on the network in response to a comment about how much older and whiter the convention audience is than most of America: I d ask you to go back to your history and figure out where these contributions that have been made by these other categories of people that you re talking about. Where did any other subgroup of people contribute more to civilization? King went on to praise  western civilization itself  as solely the product of whites, citing western Europe and the United States as the product of white ingeniuity.The congressman failed to note the myriad of contributions made by blacks, Latinos, Asians, and other races, or that many of the white contributions he cited were made at the expense of slave labor using blacks, especially in the United States.King, who has been ranked one of the least effective members of Congress, has a history of controversial and off-the-wall comments. King defended candidate Todd Akin after he said a woman with a  legitimate rape  would have her body  shut down  to prevent pregnancy.When he opposed immigration reform, King notoriously said: For every one who s a valedictorian, there s another 100 out there who weigh 130 pounds and they ve got calves the size of cantaloupes because they re hauling 75 pounds of marijuana across the desert. Opposing President Obama in 2008, King said: I will tell you that, if he is elected president, then the radical Islamists, the al-Qaida, the radical Islamists and their supporters, will be dancing in the streets in greater numbers than they did on September 11. Slamming affirmative action, King said,: There s been legislation that s been brought through this House that sets aside benefits for women and minorities. The only people that it excludes are white men Pretty soon, white men are going to notice they are the ones being excluded. So these racist comments, in the context of one of the most explicitly racist campaigns from either party, are nothing new in Steve King s resume.Featured image via screen capture",0
5424, Paul Ryan TRASHES Trump On RNC’s First Day: He Is ‘Not My Kind of Conservative’,"Donald Trump is only one day into his Republican National Convention, and it s already not looking good for him. Not only did several delegates and a fundraiser walk out or resign from his convention, but he also got dissed by House Speaker Paul Ryan all in a matter of a few hours.According to The Hill, Ryan didn t mince his words when discussing Trump at a Wall Street Journal lunch in Cleveland, stating that the business mogul was  not my kind of conservative.  Ryan said: He s not my kind of conservative, but I come from a different part and wing of the party. I think he is a conservative. There are different kinds of conservatives, that s for darn sure. This is just another comment in a long list of critical remarks Ryan has made about Trump. Ryan has made a point to distance himself from Trump s hateful rhetoric as much as possible  even when trying to get the GOP to stand behind the candidate. Previously, Ryan has slammed Trump for his  textbook racist comments about Judge Gonzalo Curiel s Mexican heritage, tweeting anti-Semitic images and proposing an all-out ban on Muslims.Over and over, Ryan has made it clear that he disagrees with Trump s views so much that basically the only reason why he is (reluctantly) endorsing the disgraced candidate is that he thinks anything is better than handing the election over to a Democrat. In doing so, Ryan showed America that to him, furthering the Republican party s intolerant values and laws were more important than saving the country from an untrustworthy, dangerously unqualified reality TV star. At the same lunch, Ryan said: What I do know for sure is if we disunify, then we hand the left the country by default for another four years. I just don t want to be a party to that. I don t want to be complicit to that. So, instead, Speaker Ryan wants to be complicit to handing the country to an unqualified bigot. Got it.Featured image via video screen capture",0
5425, RNC Chaos Continues As Top Fundraiser Resigns After Convention Floor Fight,"Donald Trump s coronation party has just kicked off, and it is not going well at all. The Colorado delegation, led by  Free the Delegates  founder Kendal Unruh, walked off the convention floor after the convention refused to give them a vote regarding a roll call vote and change the rules regarding the binding obligation to vote for Trump.And that s just the beginning. One top fundraiser for the RNC and the Trump campaign has had enough.Gary Emineth, who signed on in recent weeks to help the Republican Party get Trump elected, is done with the whole GOP circus. He was an unbound delegate, but he wanted to have the bound delegates be able to vote their conscience on the convention floor. Instead, Reince Priebus and the rest of the party brass refused to give these delegates a voice at all. Here is what Emineth had to say: I was on the Trump finance committee and I just resigned because that bully tactic is absurd. I just texted them right now. Why can t the people be heard? I ve been texting Reince for 10 minutes. He said we didn t have the votes. We had 10, 1l states. They peeled people back. They were calling delegations asking people to step off the committee. You don t do this in America. You do this in other countries. Despite the fact that the delegates had signatures from delegations of 11 states and followed the rules themselves to have a voice for the #NeverTrump movement, they were still denied the opportunity to speak. So, in other words, the Republican Party brass broke their own rules in their determination to crown Trump the official King of the GOP.Granted, the #NeverTrump people don t even have anyone to replace Trump even if their efforts were to succeed. It s the principle of the thing   the party brass that fell in line behind the literal fascist that is now their standard-bearer and a danger to their nation have no principles, and they don t want to give a voice to those in their party who do.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5426, Trump Supporters Force RNC To Close Convention’s Online Chat Over Jew-Bashing Comments (SCREENSHOTS),"Poor GOPers looking forward to participating in conversations about the Republican National Convention are going to be disappointed that their only option is to live stream and watch. Thanks to Donald Trump s supporters, the RNC was forced to close its live chat when the conversation became bombarded with hateful anti-Semitic messages.This hatefest happened when former Hawaii Gov. Linda Lingle took the stage to talk about the inroads the GOP has created with Jewish voters and to criticize the Democratic party for its supposed hostility toward Israel. It didn t take long for Trump s moronic followers to take things a step further and bombard the chat with disrespectful phrases such as  Press H for Hitler ,  JOOS,   BAN JEWS ,  OY GEVALT,  and  KIKE . There were also a few  N-bombs  dropped in the chat before it was shut down.Here are some screenshots that show what was being said online before the chat was closed down:RNCRNCRNCRNCAs shown in the screenshots, the Star of David made many appearances, as did references to Adolf Hitler.Clearly, Trump s supporters are only following in their beloved presidential candidate s footsteps, as it wasn t too long ago that Trump landed himself in hot water for tweeting an anti-Hillary Clinton meme that included the Star of David. Even while he was being accused of anti-Semitism, Trump expressed disappointment that his social media manager had chosen to take the tweet down and replace it with something less offensive.Things like this can only be expected as Trump continues to run his convention this week. His fans are known racists, white supremacists and misogynists, so I m sure we re going to see much more of these hateful messages in the near future. If the RNC was trying to get people to take it seriously this election, they seriously underestimated the stupidity of Trump and his supporters.Featured image via screen capture",0
5427, Trump: Obama Just Looks Anti-Cop (VIDEO),"After the horrific murder of three police officers in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, President Obama gave a heartfelt speech   one that could have been given by any politician   condemning the  cowardly and reprehensible attack  against those who  put their lives on the line for ours every day.  Obama declared that  justice will be done. That, though, wasn t convincing enough for Trump, who stated in a Fox News interview that somehow, Obama must be in collusion with the murderers because of his  body language. After Fox & Friends host Steve Doocy read Donald Trump a statement from a Cleveland police union president   which accused Obama of having  blood on his hands    Trump replied,  Well, it s true. I watch the president and sometimes the words are okay, but you just look at the body language and there s something going on. Source: NY MagazineHere s the video:When the hell did Donald Trump become a body language expert? Oh, he isn t.  Body language  is nothing but code. President Obama is black. To racists, and Trump, that means that he s anti-cop and he must be a member of the Black Panthers, just as all Muslims are terrorists and all Mexicans are rapists.For decades, and probably centuries, part of the country s narrative was that cops and black people don t mix. Who can blame the African-American community, really? The justice system has been rigged against them from the start.Of course, white people turn that around to prop up the image of black people as criminals; they only have problems with the justice system because they are lawbreakers. Of course, that s not true (more on that in a minute), but that doesn t stop those on the right, including their leader, Donald Trump, from playing that particular race card with the highly educated African-American President of the United States, who must hate cops, simply because he has black skin.Here are the ugly facts, and they don t bode well for the justice system:If I were African-American, I d be pissed, but Obama is the President of the entire United States, a fact that has made some civil rights leaders, like Dr. Cornel West, turn on him. Sure, Obama doesn t deny his race, but he knows injustice wherever he sees it, and the shootings of cops was unjust.  There was nothing in his  body language  but weariness from our seemingly increasing rash of violence.See for yourself:As for Trump, his rhetoric is only ginning up the violence, all while the President tries his hardest to soothe a nation being driven to crisis level, partly because of Trump.Featured image via Drew Angerer at Getty Images. ",0
5428, Clinton Promises Plan To Overturn Citizens United In First 30 Days,"As Republicans gather for the first day of their clown show   also known as their convention   a glaring and telling detail rests in the GOP platform: the preservation of Citizens United and big money in our national politics.On the other side, however, Democrats are committed to overturning the disastrous Supreme Court decision that has allowed a total pollution of our system of politics. And the party s nominee for President of the United States, Hillary Clinton, is making it priority number one.In a video posted at the progressive gathering Netroots Nation in St. Louis, Missouri, Clinton pledged her support for a constitutional amendment that would overturn the 2010 decision, and will push for such an amendment in her first 30 days should she be elected.The former secretary also promised to enact an executive order that would require all government contractors to disclose their campaign contributions and require the Securities and Exchange Commission to require all publicly traded companies to disclose their contributions as well.The chances of a constitutional amendment overrunning Citizens United are slim should the House and the Senate remain Republican controlled. But polls show the public overwhelmingly wants money out of politics. Then again, the overwhelming majority of the public supports common sense gun legislation but that hasn t convinced the Republicans to do anything.One of the biggest arguments in the Democratic Primary was the use of money in politics. While both candidates, including Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, supported a constitutional amendment overturning Citizens United, it was Clinton who received major backlash from progressives over hefty Super PAC contributions. CBS reported last month that her biggest PAC contributor, Priorities USA, had raised over $52 million in June alone, and currently has $150 million stashed away for general ads against Donald Trump.According to OpenSecrets, an independent government watchdog group, of the $314 million that Clinton has raised this election season, 27 percent of that came from Super PAC donations.The bottom line is this: yes, Hillary Clinton used Super PAC money to help fund her campaign and get this far in a very competitive race. But in the age of Super PACs (and now a billionaire mogul), a candidate needs money to win. Clinton recognizes this, and is pledging to put an end to the system that pollutes our elections.If anyone thinks a President Trump would end Super PACs, they are blissfully ignorant or totally blind. Or both.Featured image via Jessica Kourkounis/Getty Images",0
5429, Trump’s VP Pick Attacked Animated Disney Movie For Being Pro-Woman,"Mike Pence, the presumptive Republican nominee for vice president, once penned a screed attacking the Disney animated musical Mulan as liberal propaganda.Before he was a member of Congress and a Governor, Pence was the host of a right-wing radio show. As part of that show, Pence wrote the column in 1999 attacking the musical.  As a part of the hardcore  religious  right, Pence was angry about the main character serving in the military.He complained: Despite her delicate features and voice, Disney expects us to believe that Mulan s ingenuity and courage were enough to carry her to military success on an equal basis with her cloddish cohorts,  wrote Pence.  Obviously, this is Walt Disney s attempt to add childhood expectation to the cultural debate over the role of women in the military. He later wrote: I suspect that some mischievous liberal at Disney assumes that Mulan s story will cause a quiet change in the next generation s attitude about women in combat and they just might be right,  Pence continued.  (Just think about how often we think of Bambi every time the subject of deer hunting comes into the mainstream media debate.) Pence went on to claim that Mulan proves that women shouldn t serve in combat: It is instructive that even in the Disney film, young Ms. Mulan falls in love with her superior officer! Me thinks the politically correct Disney types completely missed the irony of this part of the story. Yet in the film, while she does strike up a romance, she is also key to the victory of China over the invading Hun, repelling his attempted invasion and defending the life of the emperor, who rewards her for her bravery.Since the film s release, women have more options to them in the military. Under President Obama, all military positions are now open to women who are able to qualify for them, including in front line combat.Despite Pence s hostility to a cartoon character, he obviously doesn t hold a grudge as he has decided to run on a presidential ticket with one, albeit one less intelligent and capable than Mulan.Featured image via YouTube/Flickr",0
5430, Slain Officer Had Just Written These Emotional Words On Being A Black Cop In America,"Horror struck once again on Sunday as police officers in Baton Rouge, Louisiana were gunned down on in the line of duty. Just days before his tragic death, one of the slain officers wrote these emotional words on Facebook about living his life as both a cop and a black man in America.Montrell Jackson, 32, wrote his post on the social media site on July 8, following the killing of five police officers in Dallas, Texas and the fatal police shootings of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile. I swear to God I love this city, but I wonder if this city loves me, wrote the 10-year veteran of the police force. He then spoke of the troubling dichotomy he faced as an officer of the law and an African-American man living in America. In uniform, I get nasty hateful looks, and out of uniform some consider me a threat. I ve experienced so much in my short life and these last 3 days have tested me to the core. According to local newspaper reports, Jackson was injured in 2007 while trying to rescue a toddler from a burning building. His own son had just been born. I ve experienced so much in my short life and these last 3 days have tested me to the core. When people you know begin to question your integrity you realize they don t really know you at all all. Look at my actions they speak LOUD and CLEAR,  he said.Friends and family describe him as a  gentle giant  and a  protector. Darnell Murdock, a friend of Jackson s, said his whole goal as an officer of the law was to  make you have a better day. He was humble, kind and sweet,  said Murdock.  He wasn t on there to write tickets. I don t understand how this could happen to someone like him. In his post, he begged his friends not to succumb to the hate taking over the nation and dividing us.This city MUST and WILL get better,  he wrote.  I m working in these streets so any protesters, officers, friends, family or whoever, if you see me and need a hug or want to say a prayer. I got you. You can read his emotional post in its entirety here:Heartbreaking Facebook post from Montrell Jackson, one of the cops killed today. (via @ChristeeAtwood) #BatonRouge pic.twitter.com/GgW5LdCct4  justin kanew (@justin_kanew) July 17, 2016Featured image via Twitter",0
5431, Stephen Colbert Just Got Himself Thrown Off The RNC Stage Before It Even Began (VIDEO),"Stephen Colbert showed up at the site of the disastrous clusterf*ck that will be the Republican National Convention on Sunday. The late night host and his crew visited with convention-goers and made preparations for his coverage of the upcoming event. But the comedian decided to have a little fun with the level of access he was granted when he jumped up on the stage and hijacked the microphone.Dressed as his Hungry For Power Games  character, Colbert launched into an assault on Trump and his new sidekick, Indiana Governor Mike Pence. Colbert declared that Trump  has formed an alliance with Indiana Governor Mike Pence  just before he pretended to fall asleep. Sorry, I blacked out there for a moment,  Colbert says, before slamming down a gavel and announcing, it is my honor to hereby launch and begin the 2016 Republican National Hungry For Power Games! As a security guard attempts to remove him, Colbert drops the most memorable line of this stunt:The former Comedy Central host is then escorted off the stage.Stephen Colbert just ran onto the RNC stage. pic.twitter.com/Uvd9hJPeX9  Breaking911 (@Breaking911) July 17, 2016Colbert s  Hungry For Power Games  is a segment from his late night show, and probably one of the more entertaining things he has done since leaving Comedy Central. Watch a clip of that below:Colbert and Jon Stewart will be teaming up to cover the convention   a welcome surprise for everyone who misses the contributions these two have traditionally made to political comedy.Featured image via screengrab",0
5432, Here’s How Trump’s VP Pick Lobbied To Screw The Poor (VIDEO),"The minimum wage hasn t been raised for nearly a decade, and a decade ago, the fight was just as nasty and contentious as it is now and Donald Trump s running mate was on the wrong side of the argument.In 2007, Congress raised the minimum wage from a paltry $5.15 an hour to a slightly less paltry $7.25 an hour. Mike Pence, then a Congressman, and now the Republican governor of Indiana and our potential next Vice President, opposed the raise. A 41 percent increase in the minimum wage that is brought into the well of Congress without providing any relief to small business owners and family farmers is irresponsible and unwise,  he said.  It will harm both the wage payer and the wage earner. An excessive increase in the minimum wage will hurt the working poor. Source: Huffington PostHere s the video:Note that the minimum wage increased occurred before Citizens United, so before the Koch brothers had such a toxic effect on our political system. Still, as the above video proves, the strawman argument about the minimum wage has been around for a very long time, and it s very wrong. According to the Department of Labor:A July 2015 survey found that 3 out of 5 small business owners with employees support a gradual increase in the minimum wage to $12. The survey reports that small business owners say an increase  would immediately put more money in the pocket of low-wage workers who will then spend the money on things like housing, food, and gas. This boost in demand for goods and services will help stimulate the economy and help create opportunities. Fortunately, for the country, the 2007 increase passed in a bipartisan landslide. For small businesses, the law included tax breaks.Not surprisingly, Pence has strong ties to the Koch brothers, who have long fought any minimum wage increases, or really, any minimum wage at all. No doubt that s why Pence, even to this day, still fights raising the minimum wage, while Trump vacillates on the issue and Hillary Clinton supports raising it to $12 to $15 an hour.Featured image via Drew Angerer at Getty Images.",0
5433, United Airlines Pilot Calls For Hillary Clinton To Be ‘Hung’ (IMAGE),"Months before the potential inauguration of Hillary Clinton, we are beginning to see some of the same types of attacks against her that President Obama has been dealing with for eight years.Michael Folk is a West Virginia Republican in the House of Delegates and he s a pilot for United Airlines. He s also under fire for tweeting that Hillary Clinton should be  hung.  But of course, it was a joke, or something like that.The exact tweet was from Friday and it s since been deleted (likely by Twitter), but thank goodness for screen shots. It said,  Hillary Clinton, you should be tried for treason, murder, and crimes against the US Constitution  then hung (sic) on the Mall in Washington, DC. Folk claims to have tweeted it in a moment of petulance (my word, not his) after Clinton was acquitted of any legal wrongdoing in handling classified emails.Through a phone call with Folk Saturday, he says that he wrote the tweet after watching a video of Utah Republican Jason Chaffetz, who is Head of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Chaffetz asked a question to the inspector general of the Intelligence Community Charles McCullough, to see classified emails Clinton is alleged to have had on a private email server on CSPAN3.McCullough said that he couldn t show the emails to Congress without getting permission from the agency that owns that information, which frustrated Folk.Folk said if a private person had done what Clinton did, then they would be put in prison, which contradicts the FBI decision to not charge Clinton for the email scandal, and related the case to the scandal involving former Central Intelligence Agency Director David Petraeus back in 2012.Source: WOWK.comHis employer isn t happy. United Airlines released a statement saying,  we are appalled by comments advocating harm to any person. They do not represent United Airlines and we are looking further into the matter. That s not good enough for many:And @united has pulled @MichaelFolk34 from future flights as of now! Great first step to ensure safety of all of us. https://t.co/DhynIukB1g  Karl S. Johnson (@karljohn) July 17, 2016 Unless United fires this unbalanced individual, their words are empty rhetoric. @MichaelFolk34 @united https://t.co/yv9fKy7tWC  Mike Williams (@drummike2012) July 17, 2016I hope @united deals w/ @MichaelFolk34 so I can fly them again. I won t fly any airline that employs pilots who promote political violence.  PolitixDude (@politixdude) July 17, 2016 If @united thinks someone like @MichaelFolk34 is mentally fit to be a pilot I know I cannot trust them with my safety.  Kevin Griffin (@Kevin4HRC16) July 17, 2016.@united Fire that pilot @MichaelFolk34 or I will never feel safe flying United again. Only sociopaths fantasize about lynching in the mall.  Sigmundine (@HoffmannRandi) July 17, 2016Since the election of Obama, the right has become completely unhinged. He has been the target of over 30 death threats per day. Judging by the rhetoric in this presidential election, where even delegates receive death threats for not toeing the line, things could be even worse for Clinton, who has wrongly been accused of being a criminal for more than 20 years. Of course, to the right, complaints about death threats are just  political correctness. Featured image via Facebook. ",0
5434," Heading Into The Convention, Clinton Maintains Comfortable Lead","With the Republican National Convention tomorrow, and the Democratic Convention next week, Hillary Clinton is maintaining a comfortable, average lead over Donald Trump (and that s with Trump s VP pick announced).Leading 46 to 41, Clinton maintains her advantage even after a month of serious setbacks and criticisms stemming from the FBI and Justice Department s decision not to indict her over the use of a private email server.NBC News  poll also shows that Clinton is thrashing Trump among black, Hispanic, female, and young voters, while Trump leads in (not surprising) whites and men. Surprisingly, Trump only leads men by seven points, while Clinton leads with women by 15 percent.As NBC has shown, these numbers have been virtually unchanged in a month. It seems Americans are settling for their candidates, and that s even before Clinton announces her running mate.And it s worth noting that Trump is hated far more than Clinton. While the media likes to remind the people about her  likeability issues,  they have been (not surprisingly) mum about Trump s. The NBC poll shows Trump, heading into the convention, with a 27 percent positive/60 percent negative rating, a net negative of 33 percent. Clinton, on the other hand, will walk into the Democratic convention with a 34 percent positive/56 percent negative, a net negative of 22 percent.Currently, only 38 percent of Republicans are satisfied with Trump as their nominee, while 54 percent of Democrats are satisfied with Clinton.A sizable chunk of the population hates Donald Trump more than Clinton. But only one candidate is constantly questioned on why people  hate  them.It s important to remember that at around convention time in 2012, in early September, President Obama was ahead of Romney by 5 points, according to Ipsos/Reuters Tracking (Obama won by 4 percent). Clinton is following the same trajectory as President Obama, and, again, that s without a running mate announced.But in the coming months after the conventions, out of the 127 national polls ran, Romney beat President Obama in 22 and tied in 15.Clinton is in a good position. But Democrats know all too well what happens when they get cocky. The only way to ensure Clinton beats Trump is to not underestimate his abilities and supporters, and to show up to the polls to vote.Featured image via Darren McCollester/Getty Images",0
5435," Paul Ryan Snapped This Photo, Can You Tell What Is Wrong With It? (IMAGE)","On Saturday, Paul Ryan posted a photo to his Instagram. The photo was a mass selfie of a large group of Capitol Hill interns. It wasn t long before social media commentators noticed something very wrong with the photo.In his post, Ryan wrote: I think this sets a record for the most number of #CapitolHill interns in a single selfie. #SpeakerSelfie. So here s the photo:Photo via InstagramThat s a huge sea of white people. Now, I am sure that the interns shown in the photo have worked very hard to get to where they are; however, it is very problematic to see that the people who aid lawmakers don t even come close to representing the United States. Screenshot from InstagramScreenshot from InstagramThis isn t just a matter of one photo inaccurately describing the racial makeup of Congressional aides. According to a report released in 2015 by the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies, minorities are severely underrepresented on the Capital Hill. One of the key findings of the report is that: Although people of color make up over 36 percent of the U.S. population and over 28 percent of the citizen voting-age population, they represent only 7.1 percent of top Senate staffers.  They report also says that,   Senate offices representing states with large Hispanic and AfricanAmerican populations hire few senior staffers of color. Commentators quickly made the connection between the lack of diversity in the photo and the GOP  autopsy report  that concluded that the Republican Party is going to go extinct if they do not reach out to minorities and try to get them to join their ranks.Republicans hate hiring mandates but they sure know how to make a case for them, as we can clearly see from the photo.Featured image from screenshot via Instagram",0
5436, Congress Passes Monumental Mental Health Reform Bill,"In a rare display of bipartisanship, nearly every member of the U.S. Congress voted in a favor of a monumental mental health reform package. The legislation, which was designed to address current gaps in mental health services, such as a lack of qualified staff and a shortage of beds for patients in crisis, will now head to the Senate for approval.According to the non-profit organization Mental Health America more than 57 percent of people who are impacted by mental illness have not received treatment within the past year. On top of that, mental health facilities across the country report a lack of beds for patients in crisis. It s estimated that at least 100,000 beds would be needed to effectively address the needs of all patients.While Congress did not go that far, the legislation does increase funding for additional hospital beds. It also expands access to local mental health services, including treatment by a qualified psychiatrist. In addition, the bill provides for Medicaid to conditionally cover mental health services. It also allows parents of seriously mentally ill adults to access their son or daughter s medical records and treatment plans.According to NBC, the federal Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA), which was created to oversee the nation s mental health system, does not employ a single Psychiatrist. The legislation addresses this problem by providing funding for the agency to hire qualified staff. It also creates a new position,  Assistant Secretary of Mental Health and Substance Use Disorders,  to head up SAMHSA. The person selected to hold the position must be a psychiatrist or psychologist.While mental health advocates say they would have liked the bill to go farther, most believe it would be a positive first step toward reforming America s failing mental health system.As NBC reports here, the bill is the most comprehensive mental health system reform package since the early 1960 s. The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act (H.R. 2646) passed the House on July 6, with 422 representatives voting in favor and only two voting against. According to govtrack.us, the bill now has a 27 percent chance of being signed into law.Featured image via wikipedia public domain",0
5437," WATCH: Donald Trump Promises He Will Declare War On ISIS, But There’s One GIANT Problem","The Founding Fathers are rolling in their graves.During an interview with Leslie Stahl on 60 Minutes which will air on Sunday evening, Donald Trump once again blamed President Obama for ISIS and vowed to declare war on the terrorist organization since Obama will not. We re going to declare war against ISIS,  Trump said.  We have to wipe out ISIS. There s just one big problem with that promise. It s blatantly unconstitutional.For some reason every Republican in America seems to think that President Obama has the power to declare war. And that means none of the Republicans who proudly carry pocket versions of the Constitution with them have never actually read it.Article I, Section 8 clearly states that ONLY Congress has the power to declare war. The Congress shall have Power . To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water That s what the Constitution says.But just like Fox News host Jeanine Pirro, who somehow became an attorney and judge, said on Friday when she whined about President Obama not declaring war on ISIS, Trump seems to think the president has that power.It s asinine, and it is something most people learn in middle school. If he wants to blame anyone for not declaring war he should blame Republicans in Congress. It s their job and if they are really that scared of ISIS they should do it.Oh, but there s more.President Obama can only do so much to fight ISIS without a declaration of war from the lazy bums who control Congress right now and he s doing it by ordering airstrikes, sending military advisers, gathering intelligence, authorizing drone strikes, and working with our allies. All of this is combating ISIS to the point where they are close to being forced underground and their recruiting and finances are suffering.And to hear Trump talk, that s all he plans to do as well. Trump avoided saying he would use troops in a ground war against ISIS but bragged that his intelligence network would somehow be stronger even though the American intelligence apparatus is the strongest it has ever been. I am going to have very few troops on the ground. Trump said.  We re going to have unbelievable intelligence, which we need; which, right now, we don t have. We don t have the people over there. Trump also seems to think beating ISIS is as easy as surrounding them as if they are a country and he claims he ll get NATO involved. We re going to have surrounding states and, very importantly, get NATO involved because we support NATO far more than we should, frankly, because you have a lot of countries that aren t doing what they re supposed to be doing. We have to wipe out ISIS. First of all, ISIS is present in several countries. You can t just surround them. It s more complicated then that. Beating ISIS isn t going to happen in days, weeks, or even months. It s going to take a long time. We are talking about an organization that is scattered around.And no American president can just force NATO to do anything. And threatening to pull money or support from NATO just because you aren t getting your way isn t how international cooperation works. That s how spoiled brats act.Mike Pence then chimed in by blaming President Obama and Hillary Clinton for ISIS. The larger issue here is declining American power in the world. I truly do believe that history teaches that weakness arouses evil. And whether it be the horrific attack in France, the inspired attacks here in the United States, the instability in Turkey that led to a coup   I think that is all a result of a foreign policy of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama that has led from behind and that has sent an inexact, unclear message, about American resolve. Here s the video via YouTube.But President Obama did not create the atmosphere in the Middle East that allowed ISIS to rise in the first place. That responsibility falls at the feet of President Bush, who pushed for war in Iraq and the Republican-controlled Congress that approved it.The unnecessary war with Iraq destabilized the region and created a power vacuum that ISIS took advantage of. Plus, it was President Bush who signed the status of forces agreement with Iraq that led to the complete withdrawal of troops from Iraq.So not only does Trump fail at American government, he fails at American history, too.Featured image via Screenshot",0
5438, Cleveland Police Union Leader: There’s Blood On Obama’s Hands For Police Shootings (VIDEO),"Three police officers were shot and killed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana Sunday morning. Detective Steve Loomis, the head of the police union in Cleveland, Ohio, spoke to Fox News about the shooting. That s when he decided to blame President Obama for the deaths of the officers involved as well as the five police officers killed in Dallas, Texas, saying that there is  blood on his hands and it will not be able to become washed off. According to Loomis, President Obama has created a false narrative against police: Absolutely heart-wrenching watching what is going on in Baton Rouge right now. And the reasons behind it. You know this all began   the Dallas police officers being ambushed and murdered. Baton Rouge, this looks like the same thing. This all began with a 911 call from an African-American male saying another African-American male was pointing a gun at him. The president of the United States validated the false narrative and the nonsense that Black Lives Matter and the media are pressing out there to the public. Validated it with his very divisive statements and now we see an escalation. This has got to end. We need some leadership in this country. Well, that is not the case at all, obviously. President Obama recently pointed out that there is a problem with racial disparities in policing and the criminal justice system in the United States. Those are data driven, provable facts.Police like Loomis are a major part of the problem in this country. He is so desperate to prove that black lives do not matter to him that he blamed Tamir Rice for his own death at the hands of the police. An innocent child who was killed for by the police for playing with a toy gun.Loomis is right, we need some leadership in this country. We need people to rise up and continue to demand radical reforms in our criminal justice system. We need leaders in the police forces to admit that there is a problem and do something about it. That s the type of leadership we need right now.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XmWKbv_CowFeatured image via video screenshot ",0
5439, Two Unarmed Security Guards Take Down Florida Hospital Shooter,"Sometime around 2:00 am on July 17, a man armed with a handgun entered Parrish Medical Center, located in Titusville, Florida. He opened fire, killing one elderly patient and a hospital employee who was in the same room.As soon as they heard the sound of gunfire, two unarmed security guards reacted. Even though neither of the  good guys  had a gun, they brought the shooter down, managing to disarm him before he could injure or kill anyone else.The shooter has been identified as 29-year-old David Owens, of Titusville. Owens is charged with two counts of murder.The two shooting victims were identified as 88-year-old Cynthia Zingsheim, who was a patient of the medical center, and 36-year-old Carrie Rouzer, the staff member who was caring for Zingsheim at the time of the shooting.Police say there does not appear to be a connection between the victims and the shooter. They are referring to the incident as  extremely random.  Owens reportedly entered the hospital through the emergency room doors, then made his way to the third floor, where he started the shooting rampage.In a public statement Titusville police Chief John Lau praised the security guards who took Owen down, saying that  without a doubt  the two guards  saved more lives.  While police have provided few details about the shooter, or a possible motive, the chief s comments indicate that Owen had plans to continue with the shooting rampage, harming as many people as possible.This is not the first time that unarmed people were able to bring a shooter under control, without the use of a gun. As Addicting Info reported here, last year an unarmed West Virginia high school teacher managed to prevent what could have been another tragic school shooting, by talking down an armed student. Before that, another unarmed teacher stopped a potential school massacre at Taft Union High School in Georgia.In August of last year, an unarmed U.S. soldier stopped a potential mass shooting on a high speed train in France. In October, a group of unarmed college students took down the UCC shooter, who killed nine people on a college campus in Oregon and clearly intended to kill many others.As the LA Times reports here, there were just 259 justifiable homicides in 2012, compared to 8,342 criminal homicides using guns. That equates to .03 percent of  good guys  using a gun to stop a violent crime. Yet the NRA keeps telling us that  only a good guy with a gun can stop a bad guy with a gun. Featured image via wikimedia commons",0
5440, Trump Blames Baton Rouge Police Shooting On Obama’s ‘Lack Of Leadership’ (TWEETS),"Following the tragic shooting of several police officers in Baton Rouge, Louisiana earlier today that left three officers dead and three more injured, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump took the tragedy as an opportunity to bash President Barack Obama and make a pathetic attempt to convince America that things like this wouldn t happen under his watch.In a post on Facebook, Trump wrote: We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to die because of a lack of leadership in our country? We demand law and order. It s now becoming a trend for Trump to exploit crimes against law enforcement to make himself look better to his racist tribe. He purposefully mentioned  law and order  in this Facebook post because after the Dallas attack, which left several police officers dead and many more injured, Trump called himself the  law and order candidate  in a speech addressing the Dallas attack. Trump had said: We must maintain law and order at the highest level, or we will cease to have a country. 100%, we will cease to have a country. I am the law and order candidate. Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, is weak, ineffective, pandering, and as proven by her recent e-mail scandal, which was an embarrassment, not only to her, but to the entire nation as a whole, she s either a liar or grossly incompetent. One or the other. Very simple. Following the Baton Rouge shooting, Trump also took to Twitter to vent and once again complained about how  divided  and  out of control  our country is (without considering how his hateful rhetoric and intolerant, racist values might be contributing to it).TwitterThis shooting is the second nationally-reported shooting in Baton Rouge this month, following the injustice of police brutality victim Alton Sterling, whose death inspired the shooting of police officers in Dallas. It s clear that the ongoing tension between law enforcement and the African American community is growing after these incidents, however to exploit these tragedies and use them to bash Obama is disgusting. If Trump would shut up and do his research for once, he would know that cops have never been safer than while Obama has been serving as President of the United States, and that the president is doing everything he can to keep our nation safe.TwitterFeatured image is a screenshot",0
5441," WATCH: RNC Chair Loses It During Interview, Refuses To Answer Muslim Ban Question Honestly (VIDEO)","With the Republican National Convention looming, everyone is trying to find out whether the Republican Party is seriously going to adopt Donald Trump s plan to ban Muslims from entering the United States. Republicans have, for the most part, kept their lips sealed about the matter.Appearing on CNN s State of the Union Sunday morning, Republican National Committee chair Reince Priebus did not offer much clarity on the matter, despite being grilled by the show s host, Jake Tapper.Tapper pointed out that Trump s new running mate Mike Pence has expressed strong condemnation over Trump s proposal, calling the idea  unconstitutional. Help me understand what s going to happen here. Is there going to be a total and complete ban on Muslims coming into the United States until we can  figure out what the hell is going on.  Or is there not going to be one? That s when Priebus started to play the GOP s new favorite game, dodge the question. If you ve seen the last few weeks, the position that he s put on the table, the position papers on his website, what he s been talking about is a temporary ban on immigration from countries that harbor and train terrorists until me get a better vetting system. Sure,  Tapper countered,  That proposal that you just enumerated is different than what he said in December. And he has said that he has not backed off or changed his position. For the rest of the interview, Priebus insists that Trump has not changed his position on banning all Muslims from entering the United States.  Yet bizarrely, Priebus also keeps insisting that Trump has decided that he no longer wants to ban all Muslims from entering the United States.You can t have both, Priebus. Either Trump changed his position or didn t   you can t have both.You can watch the interview below.Featured image from video screenshot",0
5442, Federal Court Bans US Navy From Using Sonar That Harms Marine Mammals,"On Friday a federal appeals court overturned a 2012 ruling which allowed the U.S. Navy to use sonar for training, testing and routine operations. The low-frequency sonar employed by the Navy has been shown to harm dolphins, whales and other marine mammals.Friday s decision came in response to a lawsuit filed by the Natural Resources Defense Council, which was later joined by environmental groups. The suit alleged that the lower court s decision to allow the use of sonar was a direct violation of the Marine Mammal Protection Act.The court agreed that the Navy s use of sonar in the Atlantic, Pacific, Indian Oceans and the Mediterranean Sea violates a section of the Act which requires all peacetime Oceanic operations to have the least practicable adverse impact on marine mammals. The court also found that guidelines set forth by the U.S. Fisheries Service did not give adequate protection to areas of the world s oceans flagged by its own experts as biologically important.  The court found the result to be that  a meaningful proportion of the world s marine mammal habitat is under-protected. As Scientific American reports here:Unfortunately for many whales, dolphins and other marine life, the use of underwater sonar (short for sound navigation and ranging) can lead to injury and even death. Sonar systems first developed by the U.S. Navy to detect enemy submarines generate slow-rolling sound waves topping out at around 235 decibels; the world s loudest rock bands top out at only 130. These sound waves can travel for hundreds of miles under water, and can retain an intensity of 140 decibels as far as 300 miles from their source.Studies show that the use of sonar can cause whales to swim hundreds of miles and even beach themselves in an attempt to get away from the sound. The use of sonar can also cause marine mammals to bleed from their eyes and ears. It can also cause temporary deafness, a condition which leaves animals vulnerable to predators and other threats. According to the Navy s own estimates, the use of low frequency sonar is expected to kill 170,000 marine mammals and cause permanent injury to more than 500 whales. An additional 8,000 would experience temporary deafness.The latest ruling, which bans the use of sonar entirely, is a huge victory for environmental and animal rights activists.Image credit: Whit Welles via Wikipedia cc 3.0",0
5443, Confederate Flag Flying Georgia Cop Loses Job,"A Roswell, Georgia police officer was fired on Thursday. The officer s dismissal from the police force came after multiple citizens reported a Confederate flag flying outside the man s home, while an official police vehicle sat parked in the driveway.According to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution, Roswell police chief Rusty Grant has been working hard to improve relations between the police department and the local Black community. Grant has made it a point to reach out to the community by attending only African-American churches since the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson Missouri.On July 10, Pastor Lee Jenkins of Eagle s Nest Church in Roswell, invited Grant and his department to worship with them. Grant accepted the invitation. In a statement to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution, Grant said: For me the takeaway from Ferguson was that a lot of African-Americans don t trust police officers and don t see them as I did when I was growing up. I honestly didn t know that before. I was ignorant of that. Everyone needs to work to make things better. A day later, however, an unidentified officer from Grant s department responded by erecting a Confederate flag on his property. While the first amendment protects the rights of citizens to display the flag, the officer parked an official police vehicle on the property as well. It was seen by numerous residents, who called the police chief to complain.On Thursday, the chief announced that the officer had been fired, saying: On the past Monday, July 11, we received a complaint about an unidentified Roswell Police officer. Based on the complaint, the Office of Professional Standards (internal affairs) did the investigation. After it was complete, I reviewed it and it was sustained by me and based on that, the police officer was terminated this past Thursday. While the police chief refused to provide further details, including the name of the officer, Pastor Jenkins told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution that church members had also called him to report the Confederate flag. The pastor confirmed that Grant had fired the officer involved in those complaints.Members of the Black community applauded the decision. Fernandez Anderson of Lawrenceville told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution: I commend Chief Grant for being a man of integrity and a man of his word. He made his stand to say we must be better, we must do better. The chief had an open mind and didn t just look at it from a police angle, he looked at it from a neutral angle. Featured image via J. Stephen Conn via Flickr",0
5444, ‘Stand Your Ground’: FL Man Shoots At Teens Playing Pokémon Go,"Florida s toxic and dangerous  stand your ground  gun culture nearly claimed the lives of two more children. Their only  crime  appears to have been that they were playing the popular Pok mon Go mobile game.A gun owner in Palm Coast, Florida, heard a noise at 1:30 in the morning, looked outside and saw a white car parked outside his house.He grabbed his handgun and went outside to investigate. As he came up to the car, he overheard one of the two teens say  did you get anything?  Troiano said.That s when the man stepped in front of the vehicle, thinking they had possibly broken into his home, raised his gun and ordered them not to move, officials said.The vehicle sped towards him and he moved out of its path. He then fired rounds at the vehicle because he said it  was attempting to strike him,  Troiano said.The next day the mother of the teens, ages 19 and 16, called police to tell them that the teens hadn t told her what had happened until they discovered a flat tire and bullet holes in the rear tire, hubcap, and fender.Florida s  stand your ground  law is part of what is called the  castle doctrine.  It is the result of a lobbying campaign by the NRA and the right-wing group American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) to push dangerous gun policies in the states. The  stand your ground  doctrine is on the books in 25 states as a result.It essentially gives shooters carte blanche to fire at and kill people without being prosecuted, they simply have to say they felt threatened within their home and escape being prosecuted for murder or civil liabilities in a lawsuit related to the incident. Stand your ground  most notably was invoked in the trial of George Zimmerman for the shooting death of teenager Trayvon Martin, a case that also occurred in Florida.If the teens playing Pok mon Go had been killed in this incident, it is highly possible that the shooter could have invoked the law and escaped prosecution for their death. The mix of silly teens playing a video game and an easily accessible gun could have been a disaster.Featured image via YouTube/Wikimedia",0
5445, First Trump-Pence Interview Gets Very Awkward When They’re Asked This Simple Question (VIDEO),"Donald Trump and his running mate, Mike Pence, conducted their first joint interview on Saturday. The interview was conducted by Lesley Stahl on CBS  60 Minutes. The full interview does not air until Sunday night. However, CBS released a teaser for the interview that shows that the two candidates are starting to look more like two students forced to work together on a science fair project than a presidential duo.In the preview, Stahl questions Pence about an essay he wrote where he said that he felt that negative campaigning was wrong: You said negative campaigning is wrong. And a  campaign ought to demonstrate the basic decency of the candidate.  With that in mind, what do you think about your running mate s campaign, and the tone and the negativity of it? I think this is a good man who s been talking about the issues the American people care about,  Pence said referring to Trump.Pence said that he wrote the essay  a long time ago.  He continued saying that  I said campaigns oughta be about something more important than just one candidate s election. And, and this campaign and Donald Trump s candidacy has been about the issues the American people care about. Stahl continued to press Pence on the issue of negative campaigning, and that s when Trump decided he needed to jump in to clarify that he is a huge fan of negative campaigning, but Pence does not think that way or share the belief that negative campaigning is great. We re different people,  Trump interrupted.  I understand that. I ll give you an example. Hillary Clinton is a liar. Hillary Clinton, that was just proven last week. Hillary Clinton   you better believe it. Hillary Clinton is a crook. Trump continued, only to reiterate that he does, in fact, think that calling people mean names is a great thing to do. I call her  Crooked Hillary.  She s Crooked Hillary,  he said.  He won t. I don t, I didn t ask him to do it, but I don t think he should do it because it s different for him. You can watch the excerpt from the interview below.Featured image via video screenshot",0
5446, Elizabeth Warren BURIES Trump After He Throws Temper Tantrum Over Her Attacks,"Donald Trump and Elizabeth Warren are engaged in a Twitter feud for the ages and she s kicking his ass.On Saturday, the Massachusetts Senator ripped the Republican nominee to shreds for picking Indiana Governor Mike Pence as his running mate on the 2016 ticket..@realDonaldTrump & @mike_pence are a perfect match: Two small, insecure, weak men who use hate & fear to divide our country & our people.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 16, 2016 Of COURSE @realDonaldTrump   a guy who calls women fat pigs & bimbos   picked a VP who is famous for trying to control women s bodies.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 16, 2016What s worse? @realDonaldTrump & @mike_pence s sexism isn t some radical fringe of the @GOP. They re in line with the party platform.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 16, 2016 And OF COURSE @realDonaldTrump   a guy who  [doesn t] feel good  about marriage equality   picked a VP famous for LGBT discrimination.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 16, 2016Terrifying to think of @mike_pence being a heartbeat from presidency   but the direction @GOP wants to take our country is MORE terrifying.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 16, 2016In response, Donald Trump threw a temper tantrum which, of course, included another instance of referring to Warren as  Pocahontas  and  goofy.  Trump also called her lazy and a  fraud,  and suggested she didn t earn her Senate seat with hard work. Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it s over  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 17, 2016I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 17, 2016 If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn t lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 17, 2016Well, Warren wasn t going to let Trump get away with any of that bullshit, and she launched a barrage of tweets leveling Trump into a pile of rubble.Nasty name-calling & lies about my family aren t going to shut me up, @realDonaldTrump. Is that really all you ve got?  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016 Pres Reagan s Solicitor General was the Harvard prof who hired me, @realDonaldTrump. He says your right-wing conspiracy theories are a lie.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016It might blow your mind that a woman worked hard & earned a good job on her own, @realDonaldTrump, but it s not the 1800s. It happens.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016 You want to talk about who s a fraud, @realDonaldTrump? How about this? https://t.co/5UB05u8L4x pic.twitter.com/sTQrNKOoA1  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016Or this, @realDonaldTrump? https://t.co/HPPihIjqpX pic.twitter.com/dbhtFbhYF0  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016 Or this, @realDonaldTrump? https://t.co/Ji9khMUbw6 pic.twitter.com/buEtsLMjfn  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016Or this, @realDonaldTrump? https://t.co/14GnqNtCsb pic.twitter.com/uwEWno8iJ3  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016 Or this, @realDonaldTrump? https://t.co/3ernRrO7q3 pic.twitter.com/wld65MAdsj  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016Or this, @realDonaldTrump? https://t.co/JHTsnbtufR pic.twitter.com/8A3LLFWI8q  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016 Or this, @realDonaldTrump? https://t.co/1DiL7W69BH pic.twitter.com/EzcR5NYnmM  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016Seriously, I could do this all day, @realDonaldTrump  https://t.co/Q6Tv3m1SdX pic.twitter.com/Me3CULGxTI  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016 You re nothing but a thin-skinned bully and a lousy, cheating businessman, @realDonaldTrump. The sham is over.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 17, 2016Donald Trump really should stop picking on Elizabeth Warren, because unlike the Republican leadership, she can t be bullied and has no problem burying him for his bullshit.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
5447, Trump Continues To Solicit Illegal Donations From Foreign Lawmakers,"Foreign nationals, including lawmakers and other political types, cannot legally donate to or influence U.S. elections. However, the Donald Trump campaign, even after they have been called out on this unlawful activity, continues to send fundraising emails to foreign leaders.MSN reports:Foreign members of parliament from the United Kingdom and Australia confirmed to The Hill that they received fundraising solicitations from the Trump campaign as recently as July 12  two weeks after a widely publicized FEC complaint issued on June 29 by non-partisan watchdogs Democracy 21 and the Campaign Legal Center.Australian progressive MP Terri Butler spoke with reporters from The Hill via telephone, and says that the emails she received were unsolicited spam from Team Trump.  I haven t signed up for any Trump lists,  she said.United Kingdom House of Commons MP Bob Blackmon has also received these solicitations to his official government email address. He says that they were unsolicited spam as well: I did not sign up, these are sent unsolicited. Yet another foreign MP, UK member Peter Bottomley, says he reached out to the Trump family for an explanation for the spam. He said: Neither [Trump s] sons nor anyone else has answered my questions about how they acquired my email nor why they were asking for financial support that I suppose to be illegal for [Trump] to accept. Democracy 21 President Fred Wertheimer, who watches out for campaign finance violations, says of Trump s activities: This is kind of absurd. I don t know of anyone else in this situation who would just go on keeping on soliciting money from foreign interests. I think the fact circumstances here are unprecedented.If they are put on notice that their fundraising solicitations of potential foreign donors are illegal and they keep doing it, then you potentially have knowing and willful violations of the law which moves this from civil violations to criminal violations.It s open and shut that federal candidates can t solicit contributions from foreign donors. There s kind of an arrogance about this. It s Trump, so of course he s being arrogant. He s the man who literally said he could shoot someone in the middle of Fifth Avenue and people would still vote for him. He seriously believes he can do no wrong, and that apparently also includes flagrantly breaking the law in an effort to raise money for his pathetic, broke campaign.Larry Noble, an attorney for the Campaign Legal Center, described the Trump camp s illegal activities as  really outrageous,  and continued: It is a serious violation of federal law to solicit political contributions from foreign nationals.There is no reason this should be happening. While U.S. citizens do live abroad, they usually don t have foreign government email addresses or are members of parliament, so they can t try to explain this by saying they thought they were soliciting U.S. citizens abroad.If the Trump campaign has continued to solicit foreign nationals after the matter first came to light in June, this looks like either gross incompetence, gross negligence or willful conduct. Exactly right. This is either incompetence or willful and knowing violation of federal law. Either way, everyone involved in this needs to be investigated and charged. Trump needs to learn that no, he isn t above the law, even if his ridiculous supporters seem to think he can do no wrong.Featured image via John Sommers II/Getty Images",0
5448, Expert Explains How Mike Pence Is The Worst Candidate For Women’s Rights There Has Ever Been (VIDEO),"Now that Indiana governor Mike Pence has officially been announced as Donald Trump s running mate, it s important to understand exactly who he is and what his stances on key issues are. Those who were expecting Trump to select a more moderate VP pick are going to learn really fast that Pence is anything but moderate.During a segment on MSNBC s AM Joy, an expert on Christian fundamentalism made it very clear that Pence is a dangerous right-wing radical, especially concerning his views on women s healthcare rights.The show s host, Joy Reid asked Sharlet what his thoughts on Pence are concerning the  nexus between evangelicalism and Republicanism in Washington. Sharlet answers, calling Pence a  broker  between the two. To understand Mike Pence and to understand that kind of religious conservative politics, you have to not think of social conservatism and fiscal conservatism as separate, but like Mike Pence say,  Our goal, our mission, is to marry fiscal and moral values.  He sees them as one in the same, so when you go back in his record and you look at his speeches about abortion, which are really something, Sharlet answered.  He is probably the most anti-abortion presidential or VP candidate we ve had. You see him also bringing in financial. He sees it if we don t stop abortion, our economy will collapse. So he s the guy who sort of stands in the middle between those two factions of the Republican Party. At that point, Reid brings up Pence s record regarding abortion, Planned Parenthood, and his failures as a leader during a recent HIV outbreak, saying: On abortion, he signed a law as Indiana governor banning abortions because of genetic anomalies, abortions that were unfortunate anomalies, and he also signed a law mandating, and this is weird, women who have a miscarriage or an abortion had to have a burial for the fetus and must cremate after a miscarriage or abortion. On LGBT rights, he signed a law allowing religious beliefs as a defense against discrimination in lawsuits, and then after a backlash, he s revised the law to exclude LGBT discrimination which got him in trouble with conservatives in Indiana. On prison, he reinstated a ten-year mandatory minimum drug sentencing,  said Reid.That s only a small sampling of what Sharlet and Reid had to say about Pence s record. It s very clear that the GOP has no interest in supporting even a faux-moderate candidate this election judging by the support he is receiving.The bottom line is that Pence is too dangerous to allow into office. Find out more on why by watching the segment below:https://youtu.be/-3aUzRornckFeatured image from video screenshot",0
5449, Report: Donald Trump Tried To Back Out Of Pence Announcement,"Now that it s been established that Mike Pence will be Donald Trump s running mate (and not errand boy Chris Christie), the Clinton campaign has already begun pouncing on the anti-woman, anti-LGBT candidate that was brave enough to step on stage with Trump.But reports appear to show Trump had his reservations about the Indiana governor. Apparently, Trump was so regretful of picking the former Congressman that he asked his campaign aides   the night before the announcement   if he could back out of picking Pence.After the news leaked that Pence was indeed the choice, Trump s uncertainty was heightened after being incensed (he blamed the Pence camp). On Thursday, after telling Fox News he had not made a  final  decision, sources told NBC News:[D]onald Trump was stressed over the circumstances surrounding his choice for running mate even after news of the pick leaked. While in California, separated from family and most aides, Trump worked the phones late into the evening Thursday soliciting advice and sharing his concerns. Sources familiar with the calls said Trump conveyed that he felt  backed into a corner.  Another description suggested that Trump was talking it out, but knew that he could not and would not choose a different running mate.It hasn t even been two days and Trump already regrets his decision. Like everything else in his campaign, Trump seems to have been winging it the whole time, settling on a guy he wasn t even so sure about.The news that Pence was the choice shouldn t have been a surprise. For months the Trump campaign told reporters it was seeking an experienced Republican who had personal relationships on Capitol Hill. That left Pence and former House Speaker New Gingrich as the formidable options. But in the last several weeks the Trump campaign noted that it did not want an  attack dog,  which eliminated Gingrich   Christie was never a true option, he was just the McDonald s boy.Of course the Trump campaign denied that he had regrets, but considering their main attraction lies 77 percent of the time, who can be so sure?With the RNC just around the corner, Trump enters the general race universally hated, with no money, no field organization, and a running mate he doesn t really like.Yet his supporters will still view him as a god.Featured image via Bryan Thomas/Getty Images",0
5450, There’s A New Majority Religious Voting Bloc In The U.S. And Conservative Christians Won’t Like It,"A new report from the  Pew Research Center shows that the religiously unaffiliated now make up the largest religious voting bloc in the United States.The report shows that white Evangelicals are flocking to Trump, while the religiously unaffiliated tend to support Hillary Clinton.According to the report, the religiously unaffiliated: have been growing rapidly as a share of the U.S. population, now constitute one-fifth of all registered voters and more than a quarter of Democratic and Democratic-leaning registered voters. That represents a 50 percent increase in the proportion of non-religious voters compared with eight years ago, when they made up just 14 percent of the overall electorate. Here is how the current political persuasions of the religious stack up:People are also less likely to desire a president to have strong religious convictions. Additionally, people are also far more likely to view religious organizations as having a positive impact on society. That s very important when one considers the political significance churches and other religious groups have in the United States.This is a major shift in the social political makeup of the United States. Until now, Christians, who tend to be much more conservative, have made up the largest voting bloc in the United States. This new and growing bloc might just be what the left needs in order to combat the atrocious bigoted policies that have been traditionally put in place by right-wing Christians.There s only one problem with this new voting bloc   they re not voting. This is probably due to two important demographic realities. Younger people are much more likely to identify as non-religious, and young people tend to not vote as much as older people. This means that the non-religious are heavily underrepresented in office. Should this bloc happen to actually flex their political muscles at the voting booths, debates about what bathrooms trans people use might become a thing of the past.Featured image from Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
5451, WHOOPS: Republicans Rushing To Hide ‘White Elevators’ Sign At Convention (PHOTO),"Republican officials are reportedly scrambling to tear down signs at the party convention site in Cleveland in order to avoid yet another racial incident.Wall Street Journal reporter Byron Tau photographed a sign in the Quicken Loans Arena labeled  White Elevator.  Tau noted on Twitter:  I m told it s being replaced for obvious reasons. Spotted at the #RNCinCLE. I'm told it's being replaced for obvious reasons. pic.twitter.com/SVayl1zGCd  Byron Tau (@ByronTau) July 16, 2016Republicans have struggled to shed the image of their party as racially hostile to minority groups, especially blacks. But the rhetoric of many of their leaders and elected officials, including presumptive nominee Donald Trump, have made such moves difficult.Signs that echo Jim Crow racism, with segregated water fountains and schools are just the latest headache.Party bosses are already keeping their mouths shut over the controversy.It s unclear who vetted the signs or why they were hung in the first place. Neither RNC organizers nor Trump s campaign immediately responded to the Daily News  request for further comment.The  white  banners are eerily similar to the signs that once kept America segregated: Everything from bathrooms to restaurant entrances were labeled for  white  and  colored  use until segregation was abolished in 1964.City officials in Cleveland have expressed concern about the mix of anti-Trump protesters and pro-Trump forces, who have also promised that they plan to carry weapons with them, as Ohio is an  open carry  state.One of the groups who had previously promised to attend the convention was a white supremacist group, who was also involved in a protest that broke out into violence in California. The head of that group, the Traditionalist Worker Party, has said they have been attracted to Trump s campaign because they believe that he has tapped into their key issue: immigration.Trump and the Republican Party face an uphill climb among black voters. While Mitt Romney attracted six percent of the black vote in 2012, even without President Obama on the ballot (he has endorsed Clinton), Republicans are still viewed with skepticism   and the party s support of voter identification laws that suppress the black vote don t help.Recent state polling showed Trump receiving ZERO black votes in key swing states like Ohio and Pennsylvania.Featured image via Twitter",0
5452, Bill Maher Lets Us Know The ’25 Things’ We Have Yet To Learn About Trump (VIDEO),"Almost every well-known celebrity will likely get a moment where a gossip magazine does a feature on them telling the public what we may not know about them. So, keeping with the tradition of doing the same for politicians that may not have been featured, Bill Maher on HBO s Real Time just did  25 Things You Don t Know About Donald Trump. Many of them were funny: I don t drink alcohol, I cause others to drink alcohol. Not only do I read the Bible, the Book of Revelations mentions me by name. Mar-a-lago  is Spanish for  House of Douche.' I saved the box Melania arrived in so I can return her when she turns 50. I never actually believed Obama was born in Kenya. Because I thought the name of the country was Kanye. Yet, some were all too real: Sometimes, late at night, I worry that my obsessive self-aggrandizement and self-promotion are symptoms of a inner weakness and a transparent, childish impulse that everyone can see. I worry they re laughing at how obvious it is that I m an abandoned, frightened child swirling in a black emptiness. Or hitting Trump on his obvious racism: I cry at movies because they re integrated. And, of course, going back to the oldie, but a goodie where Maher calls Trump an Orangutan: I can peel a banana with my feet. Maher hits the nail on the head, and I don t care who you are, this segment is beyond hilarious, because most of them are probably true.Watch the full segment here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5453, Trump’s Logo Failed So Miserably He Removed All Trace Of It After Only One Day Of Mockery,"Donald Trump announced Indiana governor Mike Pence as his vice presidential pick via Twitter on Friday and unveiled his campaign s new logo. To say the least, it didn t go over well, at all. Twitter erupted in brutal mockery of the Trump/Pence logo almost immediately. For reference, here is the image. It may well go down in history as the worst logo ever created.People were quick to point out that  TP  stands for  toilet paper,  which is remarkably appropriate when you consider all the crap that spills from Trump s mouth every time he opens it. And of course, they had to drag poor Beavis into it.Others were more taken aback by the way the  T  penetrates the  P.  An angle that Samantha Bee from Full Frontal had quite a bit of fun with, posting the following GIF with the caption Breaking the Mattress of America. Breaking the mattress of America. pic.twitter.com/M4Cq62YS2c  Full Frontal (@FullFrontalSamB) July 15, 2016Apparently, the heat got a little too hot for the presumptive Republican nominee, because by Saturday morning the logo had completely vanished. Trump and his conservative minions had scrubbed the image. Trump s website no longer features the logo or even a picture of his new running mate, instead going with just a picture of the bigoted billionaire himself and his trademark slogan Make America great again. The logo is also missing in action from Republican the National Committee s website.If Trump and his new best buddy Pence thought it would be that easy to erase the existence of their disastrous logo failure, they clearly don t have a full understanding of how this whole internet works. This pitiful blunder will live on, if only for our amusement. In the future, Trump s campaign would be well advised to use a different design company when it comes to creating their logos. Honestly, you have to wonder if the logo s creator was really so clueless that the obvious shortcomings of the design just happened to slip under their radar, or if the image was just a very public trolling. Either way, Trump is trying really hard to pretend it didn t happen.Featured image via Real Time Politics and Twitter screen capture",0
5454, 5 Ways Trump’s Mike Pence Introduction Was A Complete Trainwreck (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s introduction of Gov. Mike Pence as his running mate continued the Republican presidential campaign s streak of completely screwing up and mangling the basic elements of running for president. Here are five ways Trump bungled the introduction of his running mate.1. He Relived Winning The Nomination, AgainTrump s introductory comments barely even mentioned Pence. Instead the candidate did what comes most naturally to him: Talking about himself. Trump went on and on discussing his path to the nomination, again reliving the only political victory he s had so far, triumphing over the weak 2016 Republican presidential field.2. He Gave A Lecture About TurkeyTrump then blamed the attempted military coup in Turkey on President Obama and his presidential rival, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. He claimed,  We re seeing unrest in Turkey, a further demonstration of the failures of Obama-Clinton. 3. He Tried To Stop Rumors He Didn t Want PenceThen Trump decided, for some reason, to use the event to push back on reports from outlets that indicated that Trump was considering changing his mind on Pence. Trump said,  Indiana Governor Mike Pence was my first choice. In fact, the New York Times has reported that Trump  settled  on Pence.In conversations late into the evening, Mr. Trump repeatedly hesitated over selecting Mr. Pence, according to people briefed on the tense deliberations, who insisted on anonymity to describe the confidential talks. Even as his emissaries reassured Mr. Pence, Mr. Trump fielded a last-ditch appeal from Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, another finalist, who once again pressed his own case.Advisers and family members stressed over and over to Mr. Trump that he was selecting a running mate to unite the Republican Party, not a new best friend.4. He Kept Talking About HimselfIn a moment that was quickly mocked on social media, Trump proclaimed  Back to Mike Pence,  then kept on talking about himself and the campaign.Is Pence even there? pic.twitter.com/bMBqyi1y4V  Joe Strupp (@JoeStrupp) July 16, 2016Trump has been speaking for 23 minutes. Where's @mike_pence ? #freemikepence  Dana Bash (@DanaBashCNN) July 16, 20165. He Abandoned Pence On StageHistorically, when candidates have introduced their running mates, they remain on stage with them during their remarks in a sign of unity and coming together. But Trump continued his campaign s themes of being in it for himself. As he finally got to introducing Pence, Trump abruptly left the stage, leaving his running mate to wing it solo as Trump walked off.It was an unusual moment in a campaign that has become a string of unusual incidents connected to each other via Donald Trump.Featured image via YouTube",0
5455," Elizabeth Warren Is Going OFF On Trump’s Pick Of Mike Pence, And It’s Magical (TWEETS)","Speaking up against hate where it stands, yet again, is Senator Elizabeth Warren from the great state of Massachusetts.As Donald Trump was making his official announcement of his choice for Indiana Gov. Mike Pence to be his vice presidential pick, Warren took to Twitter, as only she can, to tear the choice to shreds.Warren brilliantly stated, as she does, in an epic tweetstorm: Donald Trump and Mike Pence are a perfect match: Two small, insecure, weak men who use hate and fear to divide our country and our people. Of COURSE Donald Trump  a guy who calls women fat pigs & bimbos   picked a VP who is famous for trying to control women s bodies.What s worse? Donald Trump and Mike Pence s sexism isn t some radical fringe of the GOP. They re in line with the party platform. The GOP platform is the most anti-choice ever: defund Planned Parenthood and denounce all abortion. Even cases of rape, incest and woman s potential death.And OF COURSE Donald Trump  a guy who  [doesn t] feel good  about marriage equality   picked a VP famous for LGBT discrimination.The GOP platform says overturn marriage equality & it supports parents putting their LGBT children through conversion therapy. Disgusting.The GOP platform even says that children not from  natural marriage  are more likely to be drug addicts. Hateful AND disgusting.Terrifying to thing of Mike Pence being a heartbeat from presidency   but the direction [the GOP] wants to take our country is MORE terrifying. .@realDonaldTrump & @mike_pence are a perfect match: Two small, insecure, weak men who use hate & fear to divide our country & our people.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 16, 2016Of COURSE @realDonaldTrump   a guy who calls women fat pigs & bimbos   picked a VP who is famous for trying to control women s bodies.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 16, 2016What's worse? @realDonaldTrump & @mike_pence s sexism isn t some radical fringe of the @GOP. They're in line with the party platform.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 16, 2016The @GOP platform is the most anti-choice ever: defund @PPFA & denounce all abortion. Even cases of rape, incest & woman's potential death.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 16, 2016And OF COURSE @realDonaldTrump   a guy who  [doesn t] feel good  about marriage equality   picked a VP famous for LGBT discrimination.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 16, 2016The @GOP platform says overturn marriage equality & it supports parents putting their LGBT children through conversion therapy. Disgusting.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 16, 2016The @GOP platform even says that children not from  natural marriage  are more likely to be drug addicts. Hateful AND disgusting.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 16, 2016Terrifying to think of @mike_pence being a heartbeat from presidency   but the direction @GOP wants to take our country is MORE terrifying.  Elizabeth Warren (@elizabethforma) July 16, 2016Warren gets it, and hopefully most of America gets it, too. Trump is bad for America, and with Trump s pick of Pence   bad just went to worse.We need to make sure a Trump/Pence administration never happens   for the sake of all things good and decent.Featured Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
5456, Right-Wing Firefighter Suspended After HORRIFIC Threat To Barack Obama (SCREENSHOTS),"It s like a day doesn t go by without some backwoods, right-wing jackass threatening the life of the President.Donald Baker of the Anchorage Fire Department was suspended after issuing threats to the President on social media. The controversy began when a reader sent a screenshot of the remark to WHAS11. Under an article titled Obama Hijacks Memorial With Sick Message  (apparently from right-wing garbage pile America s Freedom Fighters), Baker wrote that someone should  please put a bullet in this f*cker s head,  referring to  worthless piece of sh*t  Obama:When the station contacted Baker s employer, an investigation was launched. Chief William Rockwood confirmed on Thursday that the post was being investigated, and that he had suspended Baker while he determines if the department s social media policy was violated by this direct threat to the President: The Anchorage Fire Protection District finds this post extremely troubling and inappropriate. The District does not condone or allow the use of inappropriate conduct or language by its employees in person or through instant technology. Sadly, Baker is finding a lot of support on WHAS11 s Facebook page:   Some of his more vocal supporters have their own thoughts on the President:  Perhaps it s time for the Secret Service to pay Mr. Baker a visit. All too often we see threats against the President go completely unanswered   a dangerous thing when right-wing terrorism is on the rise.At minimum, Baker should definitely lose his job. After all, can he really be trusted to do his job to the best of his ability if he pulls up to a fire at a house with Democratic political signs in the yard? How deep does his bigotry go? Does it extend to all African-Americans? We are still awaiting the results of the  investigation,  but hopefully the Department does the right thing. Free speech is important, but it can and does have consequences.Featured image via screengrab",0
5457, Jeb Bush Kicks Off GOP Convention By Going Full #NeverTrump,"The Republican National Convention starts this coming Monday, and things are not looking good for the GOP s biggest event for the next four years. The problem, of course, is their standard-bearer, Donald Trump. Many prominent Republicans are staying as far away from the convention as possible, they are still about $6 million short of actually paying for the whole thing, and to top it all off, it seems that RNC Chair Reince Priebus still can t get the #NeverTrump delegates to fall in line behind Trump. Now, former presidential candidate Jeb Bush has become the latest to go on record saying that he is most definitely #NeverTrump.On Friday, Bush took his anti-Trump sentiments to the Washington Post, where he said that Trump had tapped into anger and frustration in Americans: They have given rise to the success of a candidate who continues to grotesquely manipulate the deeply felt anger of many Americans. Trump s abrasive, Know Nothing-like nativist rhetoric has blocked out sober discourse about how to tackle America s big challenges. Bush then continued to slam Trump throughout the article, and cautioned fellow Republican politicians about the tone of Trump s campaign and the stain he was putting upon the party. He then went on to beg them to reintroduce civility, ideas and optimism back into politics. Let s find ways to campaign and govern inclusively. Let s find ways to ease the angst and fear of people, without cynically feeding it. He then went on to say that he would not be voting for either Trump or Clinton, but might go for Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson: I haven t decided how I ll vote in November   whether I ll support the Libertarian ticket or write in a candidate   but I do know there are a lot of things Republicans can do in the coming months to lay the groundwork for rebuilding our party and the foundation for a true conservative renewal in our country. The only sort-of compliment Bush had for Trump was his choice to choose Indiana Gov. Mike Pence for the #2 spot on the GOP ticket, and it came via Twitter:Mike Pence is a good man. He will add value to the ticket.  Jeb Bush (@JebBush) July 16, 2016Well, that s something I guess. At the end of the day, good on Jeb Bush and the other #NeverTrump Republicans. We don t agree on much, but we do agree that Donald Trump is dangerously unfit to be president of the United States.Featured image via Michael Vadon/Wikimedia",0
5458, Twitter Erupts In Brutal Mockery Of Cringe Worthy Trump/Pence Logo,"Donald Trump unveiled his vice presidential pick on Friday. He had claimed that he would postpone the announcement due to the tragedy that took place in France on Thursday night, but for whatever reason, he skipped the normal fanfare and tweeted out the announcement of Indiana governor Mike Pence as his running mate just before 11 am.Along with the name of his VP, he also revealed a new campaign logo to the world.Via Twitter screen captureTwitter was quick to respond to his new logo with all the brutal mockery we have come to expect from the social media platform. Never one to disappoint, the result was absolutely hilarious.Many people picked up on the whole  TP  and toilet paper thing. Of course, you can t think about  TP  without thinking about Beavis and the Great Cornholio.The new #TrumpPence logo is for crap! ? pic.twitter.com/6s9GmmnROk  Superhero Of Steel  (@SuperheroSteel) July 15, 2016#TrumpPence. T-P. Toilet Paper. Obviously a joke waiting to be made. So you include it in your official logo design? C mon #AmateurHour  Tanner S. Salyers (@TannerSalyers) July 15, 2016Question from #TrumpPence new logo: is the TP campaign single-ply, double-ply, triple-ply extra-padded with racism?  Alex Hayden DiLalla (@AlexDiLalla) July 15, 2016Others on Twitter noticed the way the  T  and the  P  intersected in the new logo.You cannot un-see this version of the #TrumpPence logo. Credit: unknown. pic.twitter.com/GFCBQscoWU  Ali A. Akbar (@ali) July 16, 2016Great job on the new #TrumpPence logo! ???????? pic.twitter.com/72ixO4aDpR  Riley (@iMadeSmartCool) July 15, 2016The new #TrumpPence logo also comes with a secret hand sign, based on said logo. pic.twitter.com/PaBq16TmuW  Mike Mika (@MikeJMika) July 15, 2016That #TrumpPence logo though pic.twitter.com/A2k0dVZT4v  Declan Cashin (@Tweet_Dec) July 15, 2016Some users noticed the similarity of Trump s new logo to an old logo used by fellow liberal blog Think Progress.HA! #TrumpPence stole the old @thinkprogress logo. PLEASE tell me they had it trademarked! pic.twitter.com/WC8Ios1D1b  MercurialMiss (@MercurialMiss) July 15, 2016This user was willing to give credit where credit is due.#TrumpPence logo depicts intercourse, abbreviates toilet paper, and invokes White Supremacism. All at once. pic.twitter.com/6FlMx5LsRo  Ryan Calo (@rcalo) July 15, 2016We aren t sure who came up with the design for this masterpiece, but Trump might want to go with somebody else when it comes time to design his next logo. Regardless, the resulting comments on Twitter were definitely the best part of Trump s VP announcement.Featured image via Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images",0
5459, One Person On Hillary’s Shortlist For VP Was Just Removed From DNC Speaker Schedule,"It you re into puzzles and figuring stuff out, you ve been loving the past few weeks trying to figure out who the vice presidential picks for either major party will be. Now that we know Indiana Gov. Mike Pence is Donald Trump s pick, we re now left to sift through clues to figure out who Hillary Clinton will give the nod too.Well, one huge clue was given when Elizabeth Warren showed up at Hillary Clinton s Washington D.C. home today, but an ever bigger clue has come as Warren s name appears to no longer be on the speaking schedule for the Democratic National Convention.Originally slotted to speak as the keynote speaker on Monday night of the convention, Warren s name is now missing.According to Politico, this is the schedule as it stands now:Monday:  First Lady Michelle Obama, Senator Bernie Sanders and DREAMer Astrid Silva Gavel time expected at 3:00 p.m.Tuesday:  President Bill Clinton Gavel time expected at 4:00 p.m.Also scheduled Tuesday are Mothers of the Movement members Gwen Carr, Mother of Eric Garner; Sybrina Fulton, Mother of Trayvon Martin; Maria Hamilton, Mother of Dontr  Hamilton; Lucia McBath, Mother of Jordan Davis; Lezley McSpadden, Mother of Michael Brown; Cleopatra Pendleton-Cowley, Mother of Hadiya Pendleton; Geneva Reed-Veal, Mother of Sandra Bland.Wednesday:  President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden Gavel time expected at 4:30 p.m.Thursday:  Hillary Clinton and Chelsea Clinton Gavel time expected at 4:30 p.m.Very interesting indeed.Noticeably also missing are other members on Clinton s shortlist for vice president, such as Sherrod Brown and Tim Kaine, but seeing as Warren was scheduled to speak, and now isn t, it could be very, very telling.Now that Trump has rounded out his ticket with Mike Pence, a man who represents the only group Trump has yet to openly hate   the LGBT community   it s looking pretty good for Clinton come November, and hopefully whoever she picks as her VP will round out the ticket nicely.Featured image via Jessica Kourkounis/Getty Images",0
5460, New Poll Shows Clinton Crushing Trump In Key Swing States,"A recent poll from Quinnipiac University has stunned the political world when it showed Hillary Clinton losing serious ground against Donald Trump in key swing states like Ohio, Florida, and Pennsylvania.However, what the media isn t reporting on is an even newer poll that shows Clinton s strong numbers against Trump in swing states (including Florida).A new NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll shows Secretary Clinton crushing Donald Trump in Florida, Colorado, North Carolina and Virginia.In Colorado, she beats Trump by eight points, 43-35. In Florida (which the Quinnipiac Poll had Trump beating her by 3 points), Clinton is beating the Republican nominee by seven points, 44-37. Then there s north Carolina, where the former secretary is beating Trump by six points. It should be important to remember that President Obama lost North Carolina in 2012 after winning it in 2008.Finally in Virginia, in which the state s senator, Tim Kaine, is rumored to be a V.P. pick   Clinton beats Trump by nine points, 44-35, her biggest lead in a swing state.All these states make up 66 electorate votes, a sizeable chunk in the electoral tally.Not only does Clinton lead Trump in these states, she is also more well liked than their billionaire blowhard. The only thing Trump leads in is in unfavorability.While the media continues to harp on and on about Clinton being an unfavorable and disliked candidate, they somehow ignore the fact that Trump is losing in key battleground states because he is even more disliked.For someone who describes themselves as  the king of polls,  Trump has certainly been quiet about his losing edge against Clinton in the states that matter the most. The Clinton campaign has not brushed off the Trump campaign. They expect a close race. Remember, there s only one candidate who said they ll be so great they ll win California: hint, it wasn t Clinton.Democrats need to quit freaking out. No one is underestimating Trump. This is a presidential race. It s still four months until election day. A lot can happen and will happen.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
5461," REPORT: If Trump Builds A Border Wall, We’ll Actually Be Paying MEXICO For The Materials","Trump has famously said, repeatedly, that he plans to build a wall between Mexico and the United States. Furthermore, has been firm that Mexico will pay for that wall   a claim that has been disputed by multiple former presidents and the treasury secretary of our southern neighbor. I will say it emphatically: There is no scenario in which Mexico will pay for this wall that is being proposed by the United States presidential hopeful, Mexican Treasury Secretary Luis Videgaray said in March. But that hasn t stopped Trump and his followers from pushing the issue right into the official Republican Party platform. In other words, this is not just Trump s dream. This is now something that every Republican across the nation will attempt to accomplish. This is really happening, people.But who will pay for it? The short answer is that we, the taxpayers, will. But if Trump is elected and we manage to once again hand Congress to the GOP, and every single one of them remains as stupid as they are today, we ll have to deal with one issue: where will we get the materials?Trump s border wall is a goldmine for southern building materials manufacturers   a $700 million chunk of the more than $10 billion cost of the wall at the low end is some pretty sweet lucre, after all   but the sheer demand will likely outweigh the supply by far. In fact, a recent report by Bloomberg notes that  one of the biggest beneficiaries  might be Cemex SAB, a company that is not exactly in the United States. In fact, as production progresses, they might have to figure out a way to get materials over the wall so construction can continue:The largest cement maker in the Americas would be  best positioned  to profit from such a large construction project, according to a report by Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Other likely beneficiaries include another Mexican company Cemex owns a stake in, Grupo Cementos de Chihuahua SAB, as well as Martin Marietta Materials Inc., Vulcan Materials Co. and CalPortland Co.The project would enrich suppliers of building materials in the border region, Bernstein analysts led by Phil Roseberg wrote in the report. The wall proposed by the presumptive Republican presidential nominee would probably emulate the design of a barrier separating Israel from the West Bank, much of which was built with precast concrete panels, they said. The potential cost of the wall with Mexico: $15 billion or more. As ludicrous as The Trump Wall project sounds (to us at least), it represents a huge opportunity for those companies involved in its construction,  Roseberg said in the report.  Despite arguments concerning which government will pay for construction, the large quantities of materials required may necessitate procurement from both sides of the border. The wall itself isn t the only challenge. Roseberg says that roads would need to be built just to gain access to the more remote areas the wall would touch. But not to worry   Cemex has operations on both sides of the border to satisfy all of Trump s needs.But why Cemex? Roseberg s team explains: It is not economically feasible to transport heavy building materials over large distances. As such, it is the companies with production facilities closest to the border that stand to gain the most as suppliers to The Trump Wall project. Bloomberg notes that the wall would need 7 million cubic meters of concrete if it extends 1,000 miles, rises 40 feet and reaches 7 feet underground. these numbers could rise if the wall keeps  getting 10 feet taller  like he says seemingly every time someone irritates him. We have assumed that planning and land acquisition would take 1-2 years with a further 2 years for construction itself,  Roseberg s team says.  This means that the impact on demand for materials would occur from 2018 at the earliest. Looks like those  rapists  and  murderers  in Mexico will be laughing all the way to the bank if Trump s wall is built.Watch Trump talk about his stupid wall below:Featured image via screenshot",0
5462, This Is Who Will Be Speaking At The RNC – And It’s A Total Joke,"As the RNC rears its ugly head, the Trump campaign has finally released the list of who will be speaking at this years gun-free gathering of racists, homophobes and fascists. And, as expected, those who will be speaking are a coveted group of losers within the dying party that is the GOP. Not only does this year s convention not feature any  winners  like Tom Brady or Ben Roethlisberger like Trump hoped it would, it does feature the likes of Jerry Falwell, Pam Bondi, Sheriff David Clarke, and the whole Trump family.More specifically, here is who will be included:Pastor Mark Burns Phil Ruffin Rep. Ryan Zinke (Mont.) Pat Smith Mark Geist John Tiegen Rep. Michael McCaul (Texas) Sheriff David Clarke Rep. Sean Duffy (Wis.) Darryl Glenn Sen. Tom Cotton (Ark.) Karen Vaughn Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani Melania Trump Sen. Joni Ernst (Iowa) Kathryn Gates-Skipper Marcus Luttrell Dana White Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge Michael Mukasey Andy Wist Sen. Jeff Sessions (Ala.) Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn Alex Smith House Speaker Paul Ryan (Wis.) Rep. Kevin McCarthy (Calif.) Kerry Woolard Sen. Shelley Moore Capito (W.Va.) Dr. Ben Carson Republican National Committee Co-Chair Sharon Day Natalie Gulbis Kimberlin Brown Antonio Sabato Jr. Peter Thiel Eileen Collins Sen. Ted Cruz (Texas) Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich (Ga.) Michelle Van Etten Lynne Patton Eric Trump Harold Hamm Rep. Chris Collins (N.Y.) Brock Mealer Rep. Marsha Blackburn (Tenn.) Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin Darrell Scott Lisa Shin Florida Gov. Rick Scott Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus Tom Barrack Ivanka Trump Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi Jerry Falwell Jr. Rabbi Haskel Lookstein Chris Cox Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.) Tiffany Trump New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie Donald J. Trump Jr. Wisconsin Gov. Scott WalkerNo  winners  and very few elected officials representing the Republican Party. While the Democrats have a former president and a current sitting president and vice president, not one former Republican president could be seen at the podium this year   and neither are hopefuls like McCain, Romney or Palin (apparently Alaska is too far from Ohio to attend). That should say everything that needs to be said.Trump s festival of losers will be about as good as Clint Eastwood s empty chair. Those who are hostile to blacks affected by police brutality (David Clarke), who have cheated on their wives (Gingrich), and those who are hostile to gays (almost everyone) and Muslims (Flynn) will be the one s appealing to the conscience and logic of America.They even have a guy speaking  Ted Cruz   who refuses to endorse the nominee.This will be one interesting convention. The only thing that s missing is Phil Robertson.Featured image via Sarah D. Davis/Getty Images",0
5463, MI Gov Rick Snyder Appoints Former Oil Lobbyist To Protect MI’s Environment,"Michigan s Republican governor Rick Snyder has just appointed a new head of the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality. Snyder s new corporate shill, Heidi Grether, is a former executive for BP. Grether also worked as a registered lobbyist for BP America in Michigan for seven years. After her time spent lobbying for big oil, Grether became the Deputy Director of the MDEQ.The former DEQ director, Dan Wyant, resigned from his position after the Flint water crisis. Grether has been working as the interim director for the MDEQ since Wyant s resignation. Heidi has decades of experience in environmental quality issues, and has effectively served during times of crises and recovery,  Snyder said in a statement.  Her expertise in delivering good customer service from a large organization will be of great value as we continue working to reinvent the department and act more proactively to address issues that arise. The Snyder administration is already facing a huge backlash to the decision from environmental groups. Lisa Wozniak, Executive Director of the Michigan League of Conservation Voters sent Snyder a letter informs them of their positions on major environmental concerns in the region. Our coalition articulated that this critically important agency is in need of someone who has the background and experience to be a strong advocate for the health of our communities and our environment. Today s announcement seems to fly in the face of that vision,  Wozniak said.Democrats are incredulous over Snyder s decision. Brandon Dillon, chairman of the Michigan Democratic Party, said Snyder  has again shown he is completely out of touch with the people of this state and the problems they face. Flint is still reeling from the worst man-made environmental disaster in Michigan s history, yet Rick Snyder decides to tap a former BP executive   one of the worst polluters in the world   to lead our state s Departmental of Environmental Quality?  Dillon went on to ask.Because of Grether s almost decade long career of lobbying for the oil industry, she is already being asked to recuse herself from making judgments on one of the biggest decisions Michigan has to make in the near future. There is an oil pipeline that is located at the bottom of the Mackinac Straights, which connect Lake Michigan and Lake Huron. The pipeline is very old and if it breaks down would create one of the worst if not the worst environmental disaster in human history. It would contaminate the world s largest freshwater supply and be economically devasting to the United States and Canada.It s appalling, though not surprising that Snyder would pull a move like this. The Snyder administration has done nothing but eroded democracy in Michigan, while at the same time, becoming globally infamous for their failures to prevent the Flint water crisis.Featured image via Bill Pugliano/Getty Images",0
5464, Ivanka Trump’s Rabbi Decides Not Speak At RNC For A Very Good Reason,"With the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio just days away, presumptive GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump s list of speakers just got shorter. Many Republicans are opting out of attending the event with the exception of an underwear model, Gov. Scott Walker, Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee, Chris Christie and Ben Carson. And now, Ivanka Trump s Rabbi has decided not to attend.Politico obtained an email from Rabbi Haskel Lookstein to his congregation in which he explained after a backlash that he accepted an invitation from Trump s daughter to deliver the convocation in Cleveland  out of respect for her and our relationship. But that s all changed now and he explained to his congregation why he had a change of heart.Politico reports: Unfortunately, when my name appeared on a list of speakers at the convention, without the context of the invocation I had been invited to present, the whole matter turned from rabbinic to political, something which was never intended,  wrote Lookstein, who also served as the principal of the prominent Orthodox Jewish school Ramaz.But there may be more to it than that   like the backlash that ensued when it was revealed that Lookstein was to speak at the convention.Earlier on Friday, the Jerusalem Post reported that 600 Ramaz alumni had written Lookstein a letter, condemning his decision to speak at the convention.  This is the single action history will remember you by, and history will not be kind,  it read.Lookstein noted in the email the prayer he intended to deliver at the convention, which reads, in part: We thank you for our constitutional government that has created and fostered the American ideals of democracy, freedom, justice and equality for all, regardless of race, religion or national origin. Almighty God: We know that we are living in very dangerous times, when all of these blessings are threatened from without, by forces of terror and unimaginable brutality, and from within, by those who sow the seeds of bigotry, hatred and violence, putting our lives and our way of life at risk. He was seriously going to say that at the divisive GOP candidate s convention. With Ted Cruz, Huckabee and Trump in the room, he was going to speak against bigotry? Wow. That would have gone as well as Ted Nugent speaking at the Democratic Convention. That is, if we even believe the Rabbi s excuse. The letter penned by 600 Ramaz alumni likely had something to do with Lookstein s decision.The Donald is having a very bad day. Tim Tebow released a video in which he strongly denies a story circulated by Trump s presidential campaign that he will be a speaker at the Republican Convention. Many GOP leaders as well as rising stars in the party are opting out of speaking at the event. However, Trump does have his family members penciled in to offer praise for the hotel magnate. And that includes Ivanka   but without her Rabbi.Featured image via John Sommers II/Getty.",0
5465," WATCH: GA Cops Tase And Arrest The Wrong Black Man, Then Lie About It (VIDEO)","On February 1, three officers with the Savannah-Chatham Metropolitan Police Department were caught on camera using a taser on an innocent man.The officers were looking for a man named Michael Clay, who had multiple warrants out for his arrest. When they encountered 24-year-old Patrick Mumford, they immediately assumed he was Clay.The video shows one of the officers approaching Mumford, who was sitting in his car, minding his own business.One officer asked Mumford his name.  Patrick,  he responded.A moment later the officer says,  What s your name? I m going to ask you one more time. O.K  Patrick,  Mumford responds. We probably need to talk to you,  the cop tells him.  So, what s your name? Uh  Patrick?  Mumford responds.The officer orders Mumford to get out of the car. Mumford, who is clearly worried, asks,  What happened? What did I do? You got a warrant,  the cop says. I just came back from my probation officer,  Mumford tells him.At this point the officer directs another cop to use a taser on him.Mumford refuses to get out of the vehicle and demands to see the warrant.The officer then starts counting down,  three  two  one.  They tase him twice, dragging him out of the vehicle and slapping handcuffs on him. All the while Mumford is insisting there is no warrant for his arrest.  How can I have a warrant and my probation officer not tell me?  he asks.At this point, the cops finally get around to checking his identification. They quickly realize that Mumford is not the man they were looking for and immediately begin to try to cover their own asses.One of the officers can be heard insisting to the crowd of bystanders that has gathered around that Mumford looks exactly like Michael Clay.The cops insist that they asked Mumford for his ID  three times,  but claim he refused to provide it. A few seconds later, the cops claim they asked for ID  four times. As the video shows, the police never once asked Mumford for his ID.Watch the video below, courtesy of the Claiborne Firm on YouTube. As Mumford s attorney, Will Claiborne told the Daily Beast: The problem is Patrick Mumford doesn t look like Michael Clay, he ain t Michael Clay, and they roll up on him like he is. When he says his name is Patrick, they don t believe him. If they had had adequate training, they would have known not all black men look the same. Featured image via video screen capture via the Claiborne Firm on YouTube",0
5466, Fox News ‘Expert’ Will Now Be A Prison Expert For The Next Three Years,"He has been tried. He has been convicted. And now he has been sentenced for lying about his expertise and background to the United States Government.Fox News often brought Wayne Simmons aboard the channel to deliver his  expert  analysis on terrorism as a former CIA operative whenever a terrorist attack occurred somewhere in the world.Most notably, he appeared on the network after the terrorist attack in Paris last year that killed 130 people. Not only did he claim that there were hundreds of Muslim-controlled  no-go zones  across Europe, which Fox had to apologize for, he claimed that Muslims had 19 paramilitary training facilities in the Unites States.In January, Simmons appeared on Fox and called for surrounding these non-existent  no-go zones  with razor wire and shutting off utilities until all the Muslims surrender to be categorized by authorities.  That s how you close these no-go zones,  he said before using his false expertise to scare Americans with lies. It is incomprehensible that anywhere in the United States, these types of things would be allowed and, yet, my friend Ryan Mauro, as you probably know, reported that through the Clarion Project that we ve got at least 19 paramilitary Muslim training facilities in the United States. Are you kidding me? What are, what are they gonna do, go hunt deer during deer season? No. They re using paramilitary exercises to plan and execute these types of operations all over the United States. Here s the video via YouTube.But Simmons was soon outed as a fraud and now he gets to become a real expert at how to survive in prison.On Friday, Simmons was sentenced to serve 33 months behind bars portraying himself as an  Outside Paramilitary Special Operations Officer  for the CIA for nearly 30 years to get jobs within and outside of the government, which included his stint on Fox News and being sent to Afghanistan as an intelligence adviser.The 62-year-old was also sentenced by U.S. District Judge T.S. Ellis III to three years of supervision after his eventual release. He must also surrender two firearms and pay $176,000. Wayne Simmons is a fraud,  U.S. Attorney Dana Boente said.  Simmons has no military or intelligence background, or any skills relevant to the positions he attained through his fraud. Simmons frightened Americans for years through his appearances on Fox News and he put the lives of our troops in danger because of his lies.It makes one wonder how many other Fox News  experts  should be in prison right next to him.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5467," Racist Attacker Accuses Sikh Family Of Terrorism, Holds Them At Knife Point","On July 9, a 28-year-old Washington man broke into the home of Sikh/Hindu family, holding them at knife point.Preet Moudgil manages the Kettle Falls Inn, located in Kettle Falls, Washington. He and his family, including his parents and three-year-old son, also live on the premises.According to the Spokesman-Review, Moudgil was working the desk at the motel when Kilgore first approached him. He made several racist comments during the encounter, and asked him if he  knew about Guantanamo Bay. Later Kilgore attempted to break down the door that separates Moudgil s apartment from the motel office, but was unsuccessful. He then tried to enter through a second door, located on the first floor. Moudgil locked all the doors and windows to the apartment. Kilgore managed to get inside through a sliding glass door, which he reached by going to the roof of the motel.Once inside the apartment, Kilgore began threatening the family at knife-point. He said  I m going to cut you up because you are a terrorist,  Moudgil told the Spokesman-Review.  All he saw was brown skin. Kilgore shoved Moudgil s elderly father, turning the knife on him. He told the family,  I was trained to kill people like you. Moudgil s father eventually managed to escape the apartment. His mother fled through a back entrance as well, taking the three-year-old child with her.According to the Spokesman-Review, a neighbor finally managed to subdue the man, wrestling the knife away from him before he was able to seriously injure someone.Kilgore was arrested and is facing two counts of second-degree assault, one count of burglary and one count of malicious mischief. Additional charges may be added in the future. He is currently being held on $100,000 bond.Moudgil says that he has lived in the Kettle Falls community for years.  This community is very small. Everybody knows everybody,  he told the Spokesman-Review. Yet he says that he has never heard anything like this happening in the community before.The rise of racist, right-wing hatemongers like Donald Trump, who spew anti-Muslim ignorance and bigotry on a national platform, is undoubtedly linked to the growing number of anti-Muslim hate crimes in the U.S.As The New York Times reported here, there has been a dramatic increase in the number of attacks against members of the Muslim community over the past 10 months.As long as people like Donald Trump are allowed to spew their hateful, racist views on a national stage, the situation will only continue to get worse.Image credt: Viktoria-Lyn Deviant Art CC 3.0 ",0
5468, WATCH: Fox News Host Calls President Obama Weak For Not Declaring War On ISIS,"Last time I checked, the Constitution still says declaring war is Congress  job.As a former lawyer and judge, one would think Jeanine Pirro would know what the Constitution says, but during an appearance on Fox & Friends on Friday morning, she demonstrated why she should never have been allowed to be in the legal profession.In response to the devastating terrorist attack in Nice, France in which 84 people have been confirmed dead and 2020 injured, Pirro trotted out the Republican talking-point of blaming President Obama for the attack and claimed that he apologizes for America and persecutes Christians. If this President would stop apologizing for what we do and what we are and stop saying  you Christians, it s your turn  as he did at a prayer breakfast then maybe American would be united in a way that we understand that they re coming. They re here. I gotta tell ya. I m as aggravated as everyone who has sat in this chair today. We ve got a problem at the top of this country,  Pirro continued before summing President Obama s legacy as  weak. One word: Weak,  she said.  He just doesn t have a plan. He doesn t have a policy. He should be in academia. We ve got to declare war on them. We ve got to start having a conversation about surveillance on mosques  they just want to kill us! Here s the video via YouTube:President Obama has never apologized for America. Nowhere is this clearer than when he visited Hiroshima, Japan and refused to apologize for the United States dropping the atomic bomb during World War II. President Obama is also not persecuting Christians. His policies include all Americans and do not target a specific religious sect.Furthermore, President Obama has done the best he can to fight ISIS with the authority and resources he has available and that has resulted in 26,000 ISIS fighters and half of their commanders being killed by United States and coalition forces.And if Pirro really wants to blame someone for being weak against ISIS, she should point her finger at Republicans in Congress who refuse to exercise their power to declare war on ISIS, which would give President Obama the full power to wage war against ISIS. But Republicans don t want to do that because they would rather put all the responsibility on President Obama so they can continue blaming him for each and every terrorist attack that occurs around the world for cheap political points.Just so Pirro and every other conservative out there understands what the separation of powers means, here s the part of the Constitution you are blatantly ignoring. Because it s either that or you ve never actually read the document you claim to love so much.Article I, Section 8: To declare war, grant letters of marque and reprisal, and make rules concerning captures on land and water.Seriously, Republicans need to grow a pair and do their jobs if they really believe ISIS is a major threat to our country. If not, they should shut the hell up and stop attacking the only man in our government who is doing something.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5469," Trump, Fox News Push ‘World War’ After Attack In Nice, France (VIDEO)","Fox News Channel host Bill O Reilly and Republican presidential nominee believe that the horrific attack in Nice, France means it s time to push a  world war. Dozens were killed when a tractor trailer truck plowed into a crowd watching Bastille Day fireworks. The attacker then stepped out his car and was shot and killed by authorities. President Obama said,  I condemn in the strongest terms what appears to be a horrific terrorist attack in Nice, France, which killed and wounded dozens of innocent civilians. Appearing on The O Reilly Factor while details about the attack were still coming in, host Bill O Reilly said to Trump that if the attack is proven to be a terrorist event  I believe it s a world war now, we re in a world war scenario. It s no longer just isolated ISIS attacks. Do you agree with that? Trump told him,  I certainly do,  adding,  it s out of control. Trump then went on to attack President Obama saying,  we have a president that doesn t want to call it what it is.  Trump then called for  strong  and  smart leadership  or else the problem is  going to get worse. In contrast to Trump and O Reilly and their  world war  rhetoric, Hillary Clinton appeared on CNN with Anderson Cooper and stressed that  this is a horrific attack  and that instead of the O Reilly/Trump push for a wide war,  we are at war with these terrorist groups and what they represent. Trump has regularly argued that Muslims are somehow responsible for all terrorism. Trump has argued, without evidence, that Muslim communities are slow to report terroristic activities to the authorities. In reality, Muslims have often done so   including in the case of the Orlando night club shooter.Trump has also argued that he would bar Muslims from entering the United States if he were elected president, and has also said he would consider a registry of Muslims that many said sounded similar to Nazi registries of Jewish people.Featured image via YouTube",0
5470, Tim Tebow Reveals Trump LIED About Him Speaking At GOP Convention (VIDEO),"Former NFL quarterback Tim Tebow is denying a story circulated by the Donald Trump presidential campaign that he will be a speaker at the Republican Convention.In a video posted to Facebook, Tebow said he just returned from the Phillipines and woke up this morning  to find out I m speaking at the Republican national convention, it s amazing how fast rumors fly and that s exactly what that is, a rumor. https://www.facebook.com/TimTebow/videos/500296036836329/Tebow points out that while one day it might be in the cards for him to be involved in politics, right now he s more interested in his work in the world of conservative Christianity.Tebow gained national notoriety as the quarterback for the University of Florida Gators where he won two national championships and the Heisman trophy. He was less successful in the NFL where he played for four teams but never found a permanent place on a roster. He is very popular with the religious right and has been part of the anti-choice movement.Earlier in the day, a spokesperson from Trump s campaign had confirmed to outlets that Tebow would be a speaker at the convention according to a reporter from NBC News.The denial again raises the question of how much can ever be believed from the Trump campaign. They have constantly throughout the campaign told reporters and the public one thing while it turns out to be very different or not at all.How many other of the speakers rolled out by the Republican Party as speakers for the Convention will actually show up? It is unclear.The list of speakers has also been criticized for being heavy on Trump family members,  C  and  D  list  celebrities  and Republican lawmakers (though many senators are skipping the convention, including high profile leaders like Senator John McCain).The convention has also been plagued by a push by a small faction of delegates to vote against Trump at the roll call. Party chairman Reince Priebus has tried to tamp down on the rebellious faction, and even conducted secret meetings to undermine the effort.Featured image via YouTube",0
5471, GOP Convention In CHAOS: Party Bosses Admit They’re Running Out Of Cash As Trump Scares Sponsors,"The Republican Convention in Cleveland is facing a financial shortfall, and senior party officials are begging for dollars while nominee Donald Trump continues to claim that he is worth at least $10 billion.Politico reports that the party needs money to cover the bills for the event because sponsors they were relying on have pulled out as a result of Donald Trump s bigoted comments and policies.Millions of dollars short and running out of time, organizers of the Republican National Convention have written an urgent request for $6 million to Las Vegas billionaire couple Sheldon and Miriam Adelson to cover the bills for next week s festivities.In a letter addressed to the Adelsons, obtained by POLITICO, the Cleveland 2016 Host Committee revealed the names of more than two dozen prominent corporations and individuals who have reneged on a collective $8.1 million in pledged donations.The letter notes: Over the past couple months, negative publicity around our potential nominee resulted in a considerable number of pledges backing out from their commitments. Politico reports that among those who have backed out of the convention are:David Koch ($1 million), FedEx ($500,000), Visa ($100,000) and both Pepsi ($500,000) and Coca-Cola ($1 million).What isn t explained is why the RNC is hitting up casino billionaire Adelson for this money, when according to his claims about his net worth, $6 million should be no problem for Donald Trump. The incident again raises the question of whether Trump is telling the truth about his net worth or not. He refuses to release his tax returns, so no independent assessment of his wealth is available, though he has previously testified to being far less wealthy than his current $10 billion claim.The funding shortfall is just the latest headache to hit the Republican convention. Concerns are growing about safety, as Ohio is an open-carry state and many pro-Trump protesters have said they plan to carry their guns in response to planned protests from progressive groups.Also, party chairman Reince Priebus and Trump campaign boss Paul Manafort have had to head off efforts by so-called  Never Trump  delegates who could turn the nomination process into an embarrassing television spectacle if they vote against the nominee.Featured image via Flickr",0
5472," Howard Dean Has A Short, Sweet And Direct Message For Bernie Or Busters","Howard Dean, who famously dropped out of the 2004 presidential race for being too exuberant, knows a thing or two about being called crazy. He s also rarely one to mince words, so when he characterizes the GOP frontrunner as a  lunatic,  well, people might want to listen.The 2016 election will go down in history for a number of things, not the least of which is that Republicans have nominated a narcissistic xenophobic billionaire as someone who s just like them. But, it will also go down for being a year of anger. People on both the right and the left are angry about politics as usual, for good reason. Even some angry people on the left have vowed to vote for Trump because they see him as an outsider, or they are nihilists who want to tear everything down before building it back up.If you are a Trump voter, Dean has some choice words for you and they aren t exactly partisan. Dean was in Ohio campaigning Senate candidate Ted Strickland. Dean had some somewhat kind words about Ohio s Republican governor, John Kasich   mostly because Kasich has refused to endorse Trump. I disagree with your governor on a large number of issues but one thing I do not disagree with him on is supporting a lunatic for the president of the United States is not a good idea,  said Dean, a former Democratic National Committee chairman.He added that Kasich, unlike Republican Sen. Rob Portman, had  guts  for not endorsing the presumptive GOP nominee. Kasich has told reporters he would support Trump only if the businessman had an experience akin to Saul s conversion on the road to Damascus. Portman has endorsed Trump while condemning some of Trump s more controversial comments like attacking a federal judge for his Mexican heritage.Source: USA TodayWhile Dean didn t mention Bernie Sanders or Bernie or Busters, his next sentence seemed to be directed right at the people considering Trump over Clinton: Look, I understand people are mad at Washington. I m mad at Washington, but that doesn t mean you have to elect a crazy person,  Dean said.Recent polling has shown that the vast majority of Bernie supporters plan on voting for Clinton, but 15 percent are still either on the fence, vowing to not vote at all, or pledging to vote for another candidate, including Trump. This could be a close race, and that small percentage could mean the difference between a safe but not particularly revolutionary choice and a complete lunatic. I know which way sane people will be voting; so does Howard Dean.Featured image via Brad Barket at Getty Images",0
5473, WATCH: Fox News Host Vies For Dumbest On Network While Talking About Racism And Obama,"When it comes to racial tension in America, nothing is new, it s just now being shown for what it is. With the emergence of cell phone cameras capturing police brutality, people going after the president for the color of his skin, and a Republican presidential candidate who openly says racist things, it s been getting very ugly.However, Fox News being Fox News, and Jeanine Pirro being great at the art of inflammatory rhetoric, she decided to say that we don t really live in a racist society, but President Obama somehow wants us to.Pirro decided to say: The problem is that this president is looking in a rear view mirror. It doesn t matter if he s at a prayer breakfast and says,  You Christians had it coming, and it goes back to Christ and Jim Crow and slavery. I mean, why doesn t he look forward? Then after listening to the stupid being passed around the room that somehow President Obama is to blame for increased racial tension in America, Pirro adds: We ve passed the Civil War, we ve passed the Civil Rights era, we ve got the laws in place, he is identifying things that he thinks are a problem and he doesn t get his facts straight. America was colorblind when we voted for a black president twice. The problem is primarily fixed. He keeps making it worse. They have fewer jobs now. He is just stoking the flames. Here s the thing, President Obama is very much living in the present and just because he s shining a spotlight on existing problems, doesn t mean he created them, nor were they gone. If you don t call something out, and only ignore it, it doesn t go away, but rather stews and gets deeper ingrained into the core of many people, no matter if you re racist, or have been the victim of racism.Also, there s no such thing as being colorblind, nor should we as a society seek to ignore what makes us different and unique. We need to embrace our differences, not paint over them and pretend they don t exist.Pirro is clearly vying for being the dumbest person on the network with this sort of thinking, because she s clearly missing the ability to think rationally.Watch the stupidity unfold before your eyes here: Featured image via video screen capture (MMFA)",0
5474, This Liberal Group Found The BEST Way To Ruin Trump’s Convention (IMAGE),"The Republican National Convention was already shaping up to be a nightmare, and for Donald Trump and the very few GOPers that are going to be in attendance, it s about to get a lot worse.Pro-LGBT group Planting Peace found the perfect way to troll bigoted Republicans, and they unveiled it earlier today. Directly outside where the RNC in Cleveland will be held next week is a new billboard showing Trump and Ted Cruz, who was once smeared by the business mogul but is now speaking at his convention, seconds away from the grossest make-out fest you ll ever imagine. The caption on the billboard is also perfect: Love Trumps Hate. End Homophobia. Planting PeaceThe timing is perfect   Planting Peace erected the billboard right as the Republican platform committee approved what is being referred to as the GOP s most homophobic party platform yet. To encourage Republicans attending the RNC to actually consider how the party s bigotry might be affecting America s youth, Planting Peace said: We challenge the GOP to think about how many times their children could hear messages like these and not be impacted or question their value and worth? These messages sink our young people into a spiral of depression and directly correlate to queer youth attempting or actually committing suicide. The blood of these children is on the hands of the anti-LGBT platform of the republican party. Planting Peace is the same non-profit that brought The Equality House, a rainbow-colored house sitting across the street from Westboro Baptist Church, into existence   so it was only appropriate that this equally troll-like statement like this would come from them. Aaron Jackson, the President of Planting Peace, said the sign was meant to attack the GOP s anti-gay agenda: What Donald, Ted and the Republican Party either fail to realize, or realize and just don t seem to care about, is that their words and actions toward our LGBT family especially LGBT children have meaning and impact. LGBT children hear these messages telling them they are nothing but second-class citizens and are left feeling broken or  less than. When children are dying because of negative messages, then it s time to change the message. Planting Peace calls for the immediate change in the Republican party platform with regard to our LGBT family and LGBT rights. Never again shall a negative, hateful message be uttered in the name of  religious freedom.  We are calling for action that brings full, fundamental rights to the LGBT community, and a narrative that empowers LGBT people to live and love freely. This billboard is going to have Trump and his brainless supporters going insane. We can only hope that someone will be able to take a picture of Trump s face when he sees it.Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
5475, A Whopping 0% Of Black Voters In Ohio And Pennsylvania Support Trump,"That s right, according to the latest NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist polls, zero percent of black voters say that they are supporting Donald Trump in the battleground states of Ohio and Pennsylvania. Zero. Zip. Zilch. Nada. Surprised? Nope, me either and it s likely that neither is anyone else who has been paying attention even a little.Trump is tied with Hillary Clinton in Ohio. NBC reports that 11 percent of the 848 registered voters in the poll were African-American and they went for Clinton 88 percent to 0 percent.Clinton holds a nine-point lead over Trump in Pennsylvania. Of the 829 voters in the poll, 10 percent were African-American and they chose Clinton 91 percent to 0 percent.The NBC/WSJ/Marist polls were conducted between July 5-10 and also included Iowa, but there were not enough African-Americans voters polled in that state for a statistically significant sample.Trump has said repeatedly that black people are going to vote for him and insists that they are going to like him  more than they like Obama.  Why in the world he would have such a ridiculous notion is unclear. Over and over we have seen black protesters assaulted at his rallies, often shouting such lovely sentiments as  light that motherf*cker on fire. Trump has made an appalling habit of retweeting white supremacists. White nationalists have made robocalls on his behalf in multiple states. At the same time, he has slammed the Black Lives Matter movement for being too  divisive. And these examples don t even include his bigoted rhetoric towards Mexicans and Muslims.He may deny it, but he knows he is in trouble when it comes to voters of color, that would be why he tweeted a fake photo of an African-American family who supposedly supported him. No sane black person would even consider casting their vote for this racist piece of sh*t egomaniac.Zero percent support is exactly what he should expect from the African-American community. But judging from the way he has pandered to white supremacists, it is unlikely that these are the voters he s really after anyway. Whether he admits it or not, though, he can t win the presidency without them.Featured image via Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images",0
5476, Trump Says Sarah Palin Won’t Attend RNC Because Alaska ‘A Long Ways Away’,"Sarah Palin is a huge Donald Trump fan. However, she is also political poison. Trump has that whole being politically deadly thing locked down all by himself, so the last thing he needs is the likes of the Alaskan half-term halfwit showing up to give yet another crazy, drunken, rambling speech in front of the entire nation and world at the GOP convention. However, The Donald has given a completely nonsensical reason for Palin s all-too-obvious convention absence: Alaska is simply too far away for her to travel.Trump said of Palin not attending: She was asked. It s a little bit difficult because of where she is. We love Sarah. Little bit difficult because of, you know, it s a long ways away. That s as flimsy of an excuse as ever, and an obvious lie. Then again, it just continues the trend of GOP high rollers and national figures who are sitting this one out. Hell, some even suggested that they are not going because of silly commitments like mowing their lawns, even though it s clearly because they don t want to be within a country mile of the upcoming fiasco that is Donald Trump s coronation party.As for Palin s conspicuous absence   that s likely RNC bigwigs like Paul Ryan and Reince Priebus leaning on Trump and his campaign to keep her away. She is yet another national embarrassment, and they already have enough of that with their current, and grudgingly accepted standard-bearer. Palin proved herself to be a political disaster during the 2008 presidential campaign, when Arizona Senator John McCain picked her to be his running mate, and the country watched in horror as someone who was so obviously unqualified to be anywhere near Washington for any reason almost got to the point of being one 72-year-old man s heartbeat away from being leader of the free world.Palin never went away after that debacle, and America dodged a bullet for sure with the McCain/Palin ticket s spectacular loss to Barack Obama and Joe Biden. However, she has been a fixture in the conservative movement ever since, and not a welcome one, either. No, this has nothing to do with distance and everything to do with the fact that the RNC and GOP leadership has enough chaos to deal with over Trump. They don t need Palin there as well.Featured image via Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images",0
5477, GOP Convention Chaos Ensues As Reince Priebus Meets With #NeverTrump Delegates,"Anyone with a brain knows that Donald Trump is an embarrassment to the United States on the world stage at best, and dangerously unqualified to hold the office of the presidency at worst. Despite these facts, many in the GOP establishment have lined up behind the billionaire who unexpectedly became their presumptive nominee. However, there is a problem. There are GOP delegates who are doing all they can to deny Trump the nomination at the GOP convention in Cleveland, which is just days away.Because of the apparently inevitable convention floor fight, the Rules Committee meeting that began at 8:00 AM as scheduled was suddenly halted once a delegate put forth the idea of a rule that would disallow lobbyists from joining the Republican National Committee (RNC). After that, RNC Chairman Reince Priebus scuttled away into a private meeting with Senator Mike Lee (R-Utah) and some of the #NeverTrump delegates. Also present was Colorado delegate and  Free the Delegates  leader  Kendal Unruh, who wants the RNC Rules Committee to unbind the delegates and allow them to vote against Trump, no matter what the voters in their state decided.There were surely clashes in this meeting, as fierce #NeverTrump types like Unruh were in that impromptu secret meeting with people such as Platform Committee member Jim Bopp, who vehemently opposes any and all efforts to stop Trump. There was also former Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli, who seems to wish to dismantle the amount of power the RNC has altogether.In other words, just days before the GOP Convention, the event that is supposed to be the party s big coming out, there is utter chaos, and it is all because of Donald Trump. The illustration of just how chaotic it all has become is all in the excuse that was given to the press for the abrupt disruption of the Rules Committee session: a printer had jammed and they were making sure that got fixed first. Absolutely hilarious, to Democrats, at least.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
5478, WATCH: The View Blasts Fox News For Not Covering Racism Fairly,"A Fox News host found herself squarely outnumbered on Thursday when she claimed that the conservative network covers racism fairly.The hosts of The View discussed Megyn Kelly s interview with actor and comedian D.L. Hughley the night before.During the interview, Hughley sarcastically pointed out that Fox News does not cover racism fairly. The only place racism doesn t exist is Fox News and the police department,  Hughley said.  That s absolutely true. Megyn Kelly called Hughley s claim insulting to which he replied,  And I m insulted by the things I hear on this network, so we re even. I could care less about insulting people that insult me on a daily basis. Well, Fox News host Jedediah Bila disagreed with Hughley and told her View co-hosts that Fox is fair when it comes to covering racism. I ve hosted a bunch of shows there, we talk about issues of race all the time,  she claimed.  I mean, I m on with Juan Williams all the time. These are serious issues that we delve into. So, it felt like he was labeling the whole network as not willing to accept that racism is something that exists in this country. To recap, it appears Bila is using the ole  I m friends with a black person  defense to somehow claim that Fox fairly covers racism.Shen went on to excuse other Fox hosts  lack of coverage because she said they are exercising journalistic responsibility, which most objective people know is complete bullshit because Fox News doesn t give a damn about real journalism. When you have stories coming out where you have white on black crime, before we figure out what actually happened, a lot of people in media jump to conclusions or we surmise or we guess,  Bila continued.  And it shapes the narrative of how the public hears that. And it s really hard then when facts emerge to go back and say,  Oh, wait a minute, maybe in this particular case, this wasn t about racism. A stunned Whoopi Goldberg was quick to slap back. What shapes the narrative oftentimes is a disregard for the fact that we do have a racial issue, we do have an issue between how police are sometimes and how people of color are sometimes, and that s the discussion we don t have,  Goldberg said.And even conservative host Candace Cameron-Bure, who often appears on Fox News, agreed with Goldberg that Fox does not cover racism fairly. I watch Fox News, I m a Fox News supporter. But I agree with you. I don t feel like they are inclusive of all minority groups as much as they should be. Because conservatives aren t just white rich men or women. And Fox I don t feel always represents that point of view. I thought Megyn Kelly was great but I really appreciated everything that D.L. said as well. Here s the video via YouTube.Fox News has been especially unfair to Black Lives Matter in the wake of the Dallas shooting even though it is clear that the person who murdered those five police officers was not affiliated with the movement. Many Fox hosts have disregarded that fact and have continually demonized Black Lives Matter in a way that is inflaming racial tensions even further. Fox would not be doing that if they had even a shred of real journalistic responsibility.Featured image via screenshot",0
5479, Republicans Draft Platform Plank To Take Public Lands Away From The People,"The GOP is bowing down to Cliven Bundy and his band of domestic terrorists by giving them exactly what they want.A proposal has been drafted to strip the federal government of all public lands and give it all to the states for private uses that would likely destroy what has been protected and conserved for generations. You know, the public lands that include National Forests and natural treasures like the Grand Canyon.In 2014, Cliven Bundy led an armed standoff against the federal government because he refused to pay grazing fees even though his cattle were grazing on federal property. And earlier this year, Bundy s sons Ammon and Ryan Bundy led an armed seizure of a federal wildlife reserve in Oregon that last for weeks until the FBI arrested them. All three Bundy s are now behind bars but the GOP is poised to adopt their wrongly held position that the federal government can t own land.In fact, Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution specifically gives the federal government the power to own and regulate land.The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.But Republicans are proposing to turn over all public lands to the states so that they can sell them off to the highest bidders and strip the lands of all the resources. Congress should reconsider whether parts of the federal government s enormous landholdings and control of water in the West could be better used for ranching, mining or forestry through private ownership,  the draft says.  Timber is a renewable natural resource, which provides jobs to thousands of Americans. All efforts should be made to make federal lands managed by the U.S. Forest Service available for harvesting. The enduring truth is that people best protect what they own. But that is not true at all. These lands, such as the Alpine Lakes Wilderness area that was granted protection by Republican President Gerald Ford 40 years ago and the Noisy-Diobsud Wilderness Area that was granted protection by President Ronald Reagan, could be opened up to loggers if the new GOP has their way.These pristine lands and many others across the country haven t been touched, which means people are already protecting these public lands by keeping them public.Allowing these wilderness areas to fall into private ownership would mean Americans would lose access to these lands. Any private corporation that buys up this land will just put up signs that say  No Trespassing  and would proceed to cut down all the trees and strip mine the mountains and lands. Companies like Nestle could easily suck up all the water it wants. It would take generations for the forests to grow back and the area would never be the same. It would be devastated by private industry.That is why it is so important to vote in November. Republicans literally want to take our heritage away from us. They are bowing down to the demands of domestic terrorists. We can t let that happen if we want future generations to enjoy the natural wonders that past generations fought so hard to protect.Featured Image of Lake Tenaya in Yosemite National Park via Wikimedia",0
5480, Watch As GOP Sen. Tim Scott Emotionally Details Being Unfairly Targeted By Police As A Black Man,"South Carolina Sen. Tim Scott, the only African-American Republican in the U.S. Senate, emotionally detailed his own experiences of being unfairly targeted by the police.During a speech on the Senate floor this Wednesday, Scott revealed that in his first year serving as a senator, he had been stopped by police seven times.In the course of one year, I ve been stopped seven times by law enforcement,  Scott said.  Not four, not five, not six, but seven times in one year as an elected official.The speech was the second of three that the senator is delivering this week following the fatal police shootings of two black men and the slaughter of five police officers in Dallas. Scott said that this speech was by far  the most difficult because it is the most personal. Watch Sen. Tim Scott here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
5481, WATCH: White Confederate Flag-Waving Redneck Threatens To Lynch Black Man,"The South lost the Civil War but some white guys still refuse to let go of the Confederate flag and think it s okay to threaten black people with lynching.That s what white asshole Rodney Blomberg and three of his buddies did last month when they approached a black man living in their neighborhood near Eugene, Oregon.They drove up in two vehicles with a Confederate flag attached to the truck and literally bullied a black man simply because they didn t want him living there.According to KEZI, the men hurled racial epithets at him and threatened to lynch him.  We hang black people in these parts,  Blomberg reportedly said.Law enforcement later arrested Blomberg and put his racist ass in jail. But he is out after paying his $2,000 bond. He is being charged with second-degree intimidation and faces another court appearance later this year.Here s the video via KEZI:This kind of racism no longer belongs in our society. And the Confederate flag should no longer be flown anywhere on American soil. It is a flag of racists as Blomberg perfectly demonstrates.People like Blomberg are a serious threat to public safety in this country, especially since conservatives across the country are inciting violence against Black Lives Matter in the wake of five Dallas police officers being shot and killed earlier this month, even though the killer was unaffiliated with the organization.The Confederate flag has been controversial for years but the controversy reached fever-pitch last year after Dylann Roof murdered nine black churchgoers in Charleston, South Carolina in a mass shooting that rocked the country and caused a national outcry because South Carolina continued to fly the Confederate flag outside the statehouse. It was soon taken down after decades because Roof was a big fan of the Confederate flag.And just like the Confederate flag should be taken down, racism needs to be taken down as well.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5482, Trump Mocked ‘Retarded’ Reporter For Calling Out His Shady Business Deals (VIDEO),"Trump received a massive amount of backlash earlier in his campaign for his disrespectful, offensive mockery of award-winning New York Times reporter Serge Kovaleski, who suffers from a muscular disorder called arthrogryposis. Although Trump denied that he d been making fun of Kovaleski (he obviously was), some uncovered footage reveals that Trump has been poking fun at those with physical and mental disabilities long before that incident.In a 2004 interview on the Howard Stern Show, Trump made light of those with mental disabilities and challenges when he called a reporter  retarded  for criticizing his business skills   something we all know The Donald is extremely sensitive about despite his claims that he has  very thick skin. Since Trump has zero experience in politics, the only thing he s been able to use as justification for why he is qualified to be President of the United States is his business record   which is actually horrendous when you look past the lies he spews. Still, even if he knows that several of his businesses have failed or were scammy operations, Trump does NOT like it when people point this out. So when Trump was questioned on Stern s show about a reporter who critiqued his business skills, Trump resorted to insults and disrespecting an entire demographic of people with disabilities.In the interview, co-host Robin Quivers addressed the criticism on Trump being shady and scammy in his business deals. Quivers said,  They are saying that then those guys don t get a return. You always make out but the guys don t get a return. Trump shot back: Okay, I know, and that makes me a bad person right? I know I was criticized in one magazine where the writer was retarded, he said,  Donald Trump put up $7 million, they put up $193 million and they are 50/50 partners. Why isn t Donald Trump putting up more money?  And you know it is supposed to be because I am smart.If I put up this, they put up like 45 times more money, and then they criticize me for not putting up more money. I mean these guys are dopes. But what am I going to do? You can listen to the audio below, where Trump also talks about suing media outlets that speak out against him and the upcoming election:Trump often uses the fact that he is not  politically correct  as a selling point in his race for the White House, and his bigot, racist tribe obviously connects with that. But mocking a group of people, whether it s for their race, religion, sex or physical/mental disability is honestly disgusting. If you need to be reminded of just how awful Trump is, here s a clip of when he mocked Kovaleski   an incident that he still will not admit to.Featured image is a screenshot",0
5483, Twitter Goes Nuts After President Obama Accomplishes Yet Another First,"Long before becoming President of the United States, Barack Obama was a constitutional law professor, and even before that, he was the editor of the Harvard Law Review. In other words, he knows his way around academic writing, and on Monday, he became the first sitting president to ever publish in an academic journal.Obama s article, called United States Health Care Reform, has a modest byline of  Barack Obama, JD,  for Juris Doctorate. In other words, for all the Republicans accusing the President of arrogance, the President didn t even tout the fact that he s the leader of the free world. It was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, and it stresses the importance of the Affordable Care Act, along with the need to improve on his signature legislation.Twitter loved it. There are few busier people in the world than Barack Obama, yet he finds time to do something no other sitting president has done. That s pretty impressive, as is the impassioned case for improving Obamacare. He even wants to include a public option:Policy makers should build on progress made by the Affordable Care Act by continuing to implement the Health Insurance Marketplaces and delivery system reform, increasing federal financial assistance for Marketplace enrollees, introducing a public plan option in areas lacking individual market competition, and taking actions to reduce prescription drug costs. Although partisanship and special interest opposition remain, experience with the Affordable Care Act demonstrates that positive change is achievable on some of the nation s most complex challenges.Here are just a few of the tweets under the hashtag #ObamaJAMA:President publishes scholarly article. C mon sir, just refuse to move out of the @WhiteHouse #obamajama https://t.co/AdxF7tNKki  Debra Lavelle (@DABridge22) July 14, 2016 Is there anything he doesn t do? https://t.co/rdEUejPvnO #amazing #alwaysraisingthebar #scholar #obamajama #mypresidentiseverything  Noirei Phillips (@NoireiPhillips) July 14, 2016#UberNerd Pres @BarackObama/@POTUS drops a peer reviewed paper and brings his @ncbi_pubmed indexes to 12 https://t.co/5tVEYSuqci #ObamaJama  Caleph B. Wilson (@HeyDrWilson) July 14, 2016 Obama the 1st sitting president to publish an academic paper. Way to bring the scholarly love, @POTUS! #ObamaJAMA https://t.co/8HKc1TRMee  Maria Sachiko Cecire (@mscecire) July 14, 2016Can you imagine being the peer reviewers or editors? How do you edit the #POTUS ? #obamajama obamajama https://t.co/xlB1sHG7eE  Carolina Hicks (@cbtobon) July 14, 2016 I m over here procrastinating writing and meanwhile Obama is dropping academic journal articles while President. Show off. #ObamaJAMA  Nina M. Flores (@bellhookedme) July 14, 2016Every thing this man does just adds to his greatness @BarackObama #ObamaJama  Hiten Patel (@Hitzz_11) July 13, 2016 Publishing in the JAMA #obamajama Pshhh.. easy peasy.. it s not like he was running a country or something https://t.co/xSr33TMuFu  Arjun Sundararajan (@sarjun) July 13, 2016Surprisingly, there were very few negative tweets. Then again, trolls probably don t read medical journals.Featured image via Pool at Getty Images.",0
5484, Bill O’Reilly Says Our Economy Will IMPLODE If We Don’t Keep Pushing Poverty,"When Bill O Reilly calls himself a journalist, he shows he has no idea what that word actually means because he seems to be wholly unable to fact-check anything. On The O Reilly Factor Wednesday night, he went after Democrats and the economy the same way Republicans love to, by attacking the idea of helping low-wage workers as something that will destroy absolutely everyone.Basically, he believes that if we want people to live comfortably on only 40 hours of work per week, we ll have to raise wages so high that we ll cause the U.S. economy to collapse. In fact, he seems to think that reducing poverty by raising the minimum wage is a radical left-wing, fringe idea that will ruin our economy if we actually go ahead and implement it.In short, he says it s a horrible idea because he has no idea how our economy works.The funny thing is that he used to trumpet a higher minimum wage   at least, he used to support a $10/hr minimum wage. However, he s also claimed that raising the minimum wage will only help a tiny fraction of the population, because reasons. Why hurt everyone to only help a very few people who don t deserve it anyway, right?He s also accused the government of at least being a major contributor to the problem, if not the whole source of the problem.  Big government doesn t work,  he says, while literally millions of Americans are the victims of corporate greed. No, earning power has not improved much under President Obama, but there are two problems that Billo the Clown is overlooking: First is an obstructionist Congress, and second is just how limited the president s power actually is when it comes to the economy. If Congress won t do what he wants, even on economic measures, then he s stuck except for where federal contractors are concerned.There s a reason Bill O Reilly has earned the nickname  Billo the Clown,  and it s because of utter bull cookies like this. He fancies himself a journalist. The facts are not on his side.Featured image by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images for The Rumble 2012",0
5485, Log Cabin Republicans Hilariously Beg For Money To Make GOP Stop Hating Them,"The Republican Party is no friend to LGBTQ people. That is no secret. However, there is a group of gay Republicans who are relentless in their efforts to change the party s views from the inside out   the Log Cabin Republicans. They are at it again, as the GOP just rolled out such an outrageously bigoted platform against LGBTQ people that even they can t keep quiet. Therefore, the group has penned a letter begging for money so that they can, once again, try to muscle their way into a club of people who will never, ever accept them. Here is the text of the letter, penned by Gregory T. Angelo, president of the Log Cabin Republicans:Date: July 12, 2016Dear Friend,There s no way to sugar-coat this: I m mad as hell  and I know you are, too.Moments ago, the Republican Party passed the most anti-LGBT Platform in the Party s 162-year history.Opposition to marriage equality, nonsense about bathrooms, an endorsement of the debunked psychological practice of  pray the gay away  it s all in there.This isn t my GOP, and I know it s not yours either. Heck, it s not even Donald Trump s! When given a chance to follow the lead of our presumptive presidential nominee and reach out to the LGBT community in the wake of the awful terrorist massacre in Orlando on the gay nightclub Pulse, the Platform Committee said NO.BUT now is not the time to sit around feeling sorry for ourselves. Log Cabin Republicans has been officially credentialed for the Republican National Convention, and when it convenes in Cleveland in a mere 6 days  time I want to be able to take a stand, but we re going to need your support to do it.Cleveland is rightly making the most of their time in the spotlight, and prices for advertising in area news outlets are sky-high.That s why I m writing to ask for your help.Please give today and give generously  $500, $250, $100, or whatever you can give would go a long way to ensuring we don t go quietly into the night.Take back the Platform. Take back the Party. Stand up today and let the folks on the Platform Committee who paved the way to this foolishness know you re not going down without a fight!Sincerely,Gregory T. Angelo PresidentNow, it s clear to anyone with a brain that the GOP will never, ever accept these people into their ranks. They even banned all gay groups from the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) for fear of offending the most hateful of anti-gay hate groups and losing money   even while welcoming white supremacist groups. That s how bad it is, folks   the GOP hates gay people so much that they d rather have racist hate groups instead. Even GOProud, the offshoot of the Log Cabin Republicans who are even more conservative than these Log Cabin types, has disbanded, and the now-former president, Jimmy LaSalvia, has left the GOP altogether over their hateful beliefs.Mr. Angelo and other members of the Log Cabin Republicans: hear this, and get it through your heads once and for all: THEY HATE YOU. The sooner you realize that, the better. Get out of that party of hate and stop embarrassing yourselves and the rest of us in the LGBTQ community.Featured image via screen capture from Salon",0
5486, Collapse: ISIS Now Admits Obama’s Strategy Is DESTROYING Them,"The Islamic State terrorist group, also known as ISIS, is beginning to admit that the military strategy authorized by President Obama and executed by the United States and its international allies is destroying its grip on the Middle East.The admission is a validation of the President s strategy, which has faced never-ending criticism from the Republican Party and the conservative movement.ISIS has declared for years a  caliphate,  or a sphere of influence and control across several countries   including Syria and Iraq, with the eventual goal of a  worldwide caliphate. But now, after U.S.-led bombing runs, drone strikes, and engagement on the ground by forces trained and armed by America and its allies, the caliphate is weakening.In public messages and in recent actions in Syria, the group s leaders are acknowledging the terrorist organization s declining fortunes on the battlefield while bracing for the possibility that its remaining strongholds could fall.While the death tolls are horrific and the loss of human life unacceptable, recent suicide bombings from those associated with ISIS are more evidence that it is losing in the territory it gained.At the same time, the group is vowing to press on with its recent campaign of violence, even if the terrorists themselves are driven underground. U.S. counterterrorism experts believe the mass- casualty attacks in Istanbul and Baghdad in the past month were largely a response to military reversals in Iraq and Syria.In 2014, under President Obama s orders, the United States launched Operation: Inherent Resolve. In a release announcing the operation, U.S. Central Command (CENTCOM) explained the operation was in place to  reflect the unwavering resolve and deep commitment of the U.S. and partner nations in the region and around the globe to eliminate the terrorist group ISIL and the threat they pose to Iraq, the region and the wider international community. Since then, American-led fighter jet missions have been operating in Iraq and Syria to eliminate the ISIS threat, even as conservatives, Republicans, and their presidential candidates like Donald Trump continued to attack Obama as weak on terrorism.According to the Department of Defense, as of July 12, the coalition has flown 13,803 airstrikes in Iraq and Syria against ISIS targets. Of those, 10,577 airstrikes were executed by American fighter pilots.The Department also reports as of May this year Operation Inherent Resolve had destroyed or damaged 26,374 target under ISIS control. This includes 143 tanks, 6,545 buildings, and 1,620 parts of the oil infrastructure that ISIS has been using to finance their missions.The conflict isn t over, but ISIS is not expanding. It s getting smaller.Featured image via Flickr",0
5487, Latest Poll On Catholic Voters Is DEVASTATING News For Trump And GOP (IMAGE),"Much to the Republican party s dismay, bigotry and intolerance doesn t sit well with even the most God-fearing American voters anymore. According to data from a new Pew poll on religion and this year s election, the GOP is actually striking out with Catholic voters   a demographic that the party used to have in the bag. And it gets worse   not only are Catholic voters leaving the GOP in droves, but they re opting to support Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton instead.Pew reported that Clinton is leading Trump among Catholic voters, and Trump is partially to blame   much of the demographic that is supporting her are Latino Catholics, which Trump has insulted and offended throughout his campaign:Currently, Clinton also holds a 17-point advantage among Catholic registered voters, driven largely by overwhelming support for Clinton among Latino Catholics. By contrast, at a similar point in the 2012 campaign, Catholics were closely divided between support for Obama (49%) and Romney (47%). Exit polls conducted on Election Day in 2012 found that Catholics ultimately split their votes between Obama (50%) and Romney (48%).Here s a chart that outlines how different religious groups are currently voting, compared to the 2012 election between President Barack Obama and former presidential candidate Mitt Romney:Thanks to his divisive campaign and moronic behavior, Trump is striking out with every demographic that should be his strong point as a GOP candidate. He s succeeded in dividing the Republican party and turning conservative voters away from the GOP, and now he s turning off religious voters that are usually very receptive to conservative values and talking points.It s entirely possible that when election day comes, Trump won t even be considered a threat to the former Secretary of State. If he cannot rise to the performance level of Romney in 2012 in winning over America s religious voters, he doesn t even have the slightest chance. Currently, Clinton is ahead of Trump by 17 Catholic voters and 42 unaffiliated voters. If she keeps it up, the GOP is in big trouble when November arrives.Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
5488, Major U.S. Government Official: Why I’d RESIGN If Trump Wins,"Donald Trump has not yet officially received the Republican Party s presidential nomination   and there is a small effort still alive to derail him, though it is highly unlikely to be successful   but already a major official in the U.S. government has spoken out on why one of Trump s positions would cause him to leave his post.CIA director John Brennan was speaking at an event at the Brookings Institution and was extremely blunt about his standing on waterboarding torture: If a president were to order the agency to carry out waterboarding or something else I can say as long as I m director of CIA irrespective of what the president says I m not going to be the director of CIA that gives that order,  he said at a Wednesday event at the Brookings Institution.  They will have to find another director. Trump has often argued that he is in favor of waterboarding and torture, whose practice was encouraged by the George W. Bush administration after 9/11 and the invasion of Iraq. Earlier in the year at a Republican presidential debate in New Hampshire, Trump said,  bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding. President Obama barred the military from using waterboarding after he took office in January of 2009. Experts have said that waterboarding and other forms of torture not only violate the Geneva Conventions of War, they are also simply not a good tool to fight terrorism.Studies have shown that people subjected to torture give up information in order to stop the abuse, and more often than not the information given is faulty, since stopping the abuse and not accuracy is at the top of their minds.Most Republicans have called for the use of torture to fight terrorism, but some oppose it, most notably Senator John McCain (R-AZ) who was subjected to torture when he was a hostage for the Vietcong army during the Vietnam War.Featured image via Flickr",0
5489, Neil DeGrasse Tyson Perfectly Explains Why Black Lives Matter Exists,"No matter how well dressed, or how intelligent or how wealthy a black person is, there s no escaping skin color and there s no escaping the racial profiling that goes along with it. If anyone can prove that point, it s renowned physicist, Neil DeGrasse Tyson, who in a Facebook post from Tuesday, described dozens of encounters he s had with police, for no reason other than his being African-American.In the post, Tyson told of a conference for black physicists he attended in 1991. One evening, after enjoying good food and wine, the discussion turned to the police. The physicists began relaying stories of being pulled over by the police.While most people probably have stories of being pulled over a handful of times in their lives, this table full of physicists had more than a handful of stories, and the intrusiveness of the stops was pretty telling.As for me, I had a dozen different encounters to draw from. There was the time I was stopped late at night at an underpass on an empty road in New Jersey for having changed lanes without signaling. The officer told me to get out of my car and questioned me for ten minutes around back with the bright head lights of his squad car illuminating my face. Is this your car? Yes. Who is the woman in the passenger seat? My wife. Where are you coming from? My parents house. Where are you going? Home. What do you do for a living? I am an astrophysicist at Princeton University. What s in your trunk? A spare tire, and a lot of other greasy junk. He went on to say that the  real reason  why he stopped me was because my car s license plates were much newer and shinier than the 17-year old Ford that I was driving. The officer was just making sure that neither the car nor the plates were stolen.In my other stories, I had been stopped by the police while transporting my home supply of physics textbooks into my newly assigned office in graduate school. They had stopped me at the entrance to the physics building where they asked accusatory questions about what I was doing. This one was complicated because a friend offered to drive me and my boxes to my office (I had not yet learned to drive). Her car was registered in her father s name. It was 11:30 PM. Open-topped boxes of graduate math and physics textbooks filled the trunk. And we were transporting them into the building. I wonder how often that scenario shows up in police training tapes. In total, I was stopped two or three times by other security officers while entering physics buildings, but was never stopped entering the campus gym.As a scientist, Tyson is cautious about jumping to conclusions. He noted that he and his colleagues had these police stops in common. Were police targeting physicists for some reason? Are smart people automatically suspicious? It couldn t have been the cars. Some were old, some were new. Some stops were during the day, some at night. The conclusion Tyson made, though is that:We were guilty not of DWI (Driving While Intoxicated), but of other violations none of us knew were on the books: DWB (Driving While Black), WWB (Walking While Black), and of course, JBB (Just Being Black).It s rare that Tyson jumps into politics, and he didn t specifically mention Black Lives Matter or any of the infamous black victims of police, but one can certainly infer by the timing of his post, that it s in solidarity with Black Lives Matter and it s further proof that all the education and poise in the world doesn t stop black people from being targeted. This is the very definition of white privilege.He s also right. Black people are far more likely to be stopped and searched by police and they re also more likely to be innocent of any wrongdoing during traffic stops. Fortunately, Tyson never had to go to jail, but black people are far more likely to be arrested, convicted, and yes, shot. If a group of scientists can conclude that there are racial disparities in the justice system, perhaps we should listen.Featured image via Dimitrios Kambouris with Getty Images",0
5490, NYPD Cop Secretly Records His Boss Ordering Him To Racially Profile Black Men (AUDIO),"It s always depressing when allegations that police target African-Americans are confirmed not just by eyewitness accounts, but with audio or video evidence. Recently, a NYPD officer provided Gawker with chilling audio that sounds a whole lot like his boss pressuring him into profiling black men.Michael Birch recorded the audio in 2012 when he was called to a performance evaluation meeting with his commanding officer and a lieutenant in August 2012. He told the publication that he was expecting to hear that he wasn t generating enough  activity    which meant he would be ordered to arrest more people and issue more summonses   but  the conversation just turned completely weird to  him when he was flat-out told to racially profile. Who commits the crimes in the city?  commanding officer, Constantin Tsachas, who was recently cleared for a  promotion from captain to deputy inspector,asks in this rather damning clip.Birch answers that it s  mostly teenagers, anywhere between the ages of 15 and 19, mostly male blacks and Hispanics.  Asked who he is stopping, Birch explains that he stops  everybody.. Fifty-four [TABs] up to 8/20,  the commanding officer says.  Twenty-five of those are female. Half. Like I said, I stop everybody,  Birch replies.  I m not targeting anybody. You just told me who the bad guys are,  his CO presses. Yeah, I know that. But there s also other people who are committing violations as well,  Birch says.  I m not saying that there s not violations being made. In other words, people from all demographics break the law. That should have been good enough for the commanding officer, but then the conversation went completely off the rails:CO: The male blacks, that you told me commit the crimes Birch: Plenty of people that I write summonses to are male blacks and male Hispanics.CO: You stopped two male blacks.Birch: Not for the whole year. You re telling me for the whole year I only stopped two male blacks on summonses?CO: 8/20. From January 1st to August 20th. Fifty-four TABs: two male blacks, seven Hispanics, seven other, ten white, three Asian. So where are you targeting the perps that you just told me?Birch: Like I said, if I don t see a perp jumping over the turnstile, what am I supposed to do to him?CO: These people are not going to pop.Birch: How do I know that? A female Hispanic that I stopped in Sheepshead Bay did pop, actually, for a warrant, and I arrested her. Female Hispanic. The Hispanics that we re supposed to be going after. That are committing the crimes. The people that I CO: Did you think that she was going to pop?Birch: Did I think she was going to pop? I didn t put no thought into it. If you come up for a collar, I m taking you in. Pop  is a term for when a warrant pops up and leads to an arrest. TAB is a term for a court summons resulting from a transit violation. The conversation continues, getting worse as it progresses:CO: Here s what I see. You just described to me who s committing the crimes. You re fully aware of it. But you re not targeting those people.Birch: I am. I m targeting everybody.CO: Two male blacks.Birch: Whoever is out there. If I CO: So you only saw two male blacks jump the turnstile?Birch: If you re saying that s what s in front of you, then yes, that s all I saw, is two male blacks for the whole year jumping the turnstile. If you re saying that s what s in front of you, I m not disputing that. If that s what I got there.CO: That is what you have. That is not disputed here.Birch: I m saying, we re also talking Hispanics as well. I stopped a lot of Hispanics, too.CO: Seven male Hispanics. But more than half are female.Birch: And like I said, everybody s committing violations in front of me. I was shocked,  Birch said of the meeting.  I was not only shocked, I was mad. My last name is Birch. I look white. They didn t realize I was a Puerto Rican kid, and they re just saying this to me like it s OK. It s OK, we re amongst friends. I don t want to be stopped because I m Puerto Rican,  he says.  I want to get stopped because I did something wrong. Birch is suing the department to combat  what he sees as a larger trend of policing that disproportionately affects minority New Yorkers,  Gawker reports. The targeting of minorities by the NYPD has caused so many problems throughout our city yet the NYPD continues to promote officers who engage in these activities,  his lawyer told the publication. It s very hard to have a job where the whole public is against you, including your bosses. And when you actually try to do something right, they don t care,  Birch says.  I can t wait to get away from this place. Birch is evidence that good cops do exist. The problem is that, unlike him, most good cops stay silent as bad actors disgrace the profession, unfairly targeting people who are not white. Thank you for stepping forward, Officer Birch. Hopefully, your example will lead other good cops to call out the bad ones.Hear the audio for yourself below:Featured image via YouTube",0
5491, Paul Ryan Gets Called Out At Town Hall And Gives THE DUMBEST Reason For Supporting Trump (VIDEO),"House Speaker Paul Ryan was put on the spot last night during CNN s town hall, when a Republican attendee asked him a question that most of us would love to know   how can anyone, Republican or not, justify standing by Donald Trump after all the horrible things he s said and done?Student Zachary Marcone, who stressed that he himself was a Republican but would NOT be voting for Trump, confronted Ryan by pointing out Trump s bigotry. Marcone said: It concerns me when the Republican leadership is supporting somebody who s blatantly racist and has said Islamophobic statements, wants to shut down our borders. Can you tell me, how can you morally justify your support for this kind of candidate, somebody who could be very destructive to our country? Ryan couldn t actually give Marcone a moral justification for why he continued to support Trump even though he d condemned several of the Islamophobic things Trump has said in the past. Basically accepting Marcone s description of Trump as a racist Islamophobic candidate, Ryan s only response was that carrying out the Republican party s agenda was more important to him than protecting America. Ryan fired back with notable irritation in his voice: That basically means you re going to help elect Hillary Clinton. And I don t think Hillary Clinton s going to support any of the things that you stand for, if you re a Republican.  So according to the Speaker of the House, subjecting America to a blatantly racist and Islamophobic idiot isn t as bad as having Clinton leading the country   even though she is far more qualified to do so and Ryan admitted that several of Trump s proposals were  wrong  and  don t reflect the view of fellow conservatives and Republicans.  Ryan said: She represents a third Obama term. I don t think that s good for America; I think that s the wrong direction. So, yes, things have been said that I, too, disagree with. Then I ll make that point, then, but I m going to go fight for the principles and these solutions that I believe in. And the candidate that I think is so much more likely to put those into law, because I know Hillary Clinton won t do that. It is a binary choice. It is either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton. You don t get a third option. It s one or the other and I know where I want to go. You can watch Ryan expose how much the GOP doesn t give a damn about America below:Featured image via screenshot",0
5492," Trump Attacked Bernie In Series Of Tweets On Tuesday, Bernie BURNED Him With Just One","Bernie Sanders finally endorsed Hillary Clinton on Tuesday with a rousing speech to unite the party, and Donald Trump exploded in rage on Twitter.In a series of Twitter-tantrums, Trump attacked Sanders by claiming that he is  selling out  by getting behind the Democratic nominee. It took six posts before he tired himself out.Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today   fans angry!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2016 I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2016#CrookedHillary is not qualified!https://t.co/6qi7KTW43O  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2016 Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2016Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2016 To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals & global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2016Of course, Trump had been hoping that Bernie would stay in the race because he wanted to see chaos at the Democratic National Convention, which would only help him. Now he s trying to persuade Sanders supporters to join his campaign.Well, Bernie Sanders only needed a single tweet to shut Trump down.Big talk from the same guy who was too afraid to debate Bernie in California. https://t.co/LVCjo0PKrN  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 12, 2016Indeed, Trump had agreed to debate Bernie but chickened out on two separate occasions after the Vermont Senator eagerly accepted Trump s condition that money be raised for charity to make the debate happen.But just because Bernie endorsed Hillary that does t mean he sold out. Hillary Clinton captured the most states and the most delegates. She won, but Bernie still is having a major impact on the party. He pulled Hillary further to the left and has gotten several of his policy goals written into the Democratic platform such as a $15 minimum wage.That s a huge victory that should make Sanders  supporters very pleased. Jumping to Trump s campaign just because Sanders isn t the nominee is ridiculous because if Trump wins this country will only go backwards and all the progress Sanders has fought for will have zero chance of happening. At least with Hillary we could expect to see some of his proposals become reality, especially if Democrats retake the House and Senate.Featured Image: Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
5493, Court Smacks Down Utah’s Attempt To Defund Planned Parenthood,"An attempt by Utah s governor to defund Planned Parenthood has been smacked down by a federal appeals court who decided that the order was most likely a political move to punish the organization and ordered the state to continue funding the organization.The 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver also decided on Tuesday that it is highly probable that the governor s order violated the constitutional rights of the group.Following the release of the now debunked  baby parts  video, Republican Gov. Gary Herbert cut off funding to Planned Parenthood, stripping vital financial support away from sexually transmitted disease and sex education programs.The head of the Planned Parenthood Association of Utah praised the ruling as a victory for the patients who depend on the services provided by the organization: Our doors are open today and they will be tomorrow   no matter what,  said CEO Karrie Galloway. A spokesman for the governor said he was disappointed by the ruling and believes that contract decisions should be left up to the state. Planned Parenthood s lawsuit challenging Herbert s defunding order will now go back to a lower court. The state has not decided what legal action they will take next, but one option would be to ask the full 10th Circuit to reconsider the panel s decision.Herbert had no comment on the finding by two appeals court judges that he most likely used the controversy as an opportunity to attack the group politically because they provide abortion services.Attorneys for the Utah branch of Planned parenthood argued that they have never participated in fetal donation programs. They also provided emails from state health officials expressing their concern that defunding the group would negatively impact the thousands of teenagers and low-income people who depend on the organization s services.Lawyers for the state argue that the governor legally has every right to right to end contracts and adds that Planned Parenthood was still embroiled in suspicion when Herbert issued his order blocking the organization s funding.Several states have tried to defund Planned Parenthood in the wake of the fake  baby parts  videos. In states such as Arkansas, Alabama, and Louisiana, the organization has resorted to fighting these attempts to strip away their funding in court.Most states have sided with Planned Parenthood and ruled that the money must keep flowing, but U.S. District Judge Clark Waddoups in Utah allowed Herbert to defund the group because he said the state has an interest in avoiding the perception of corruption. Waddoups conceded that the organization has not broken any laws, but said they had associated with other Planned Parenthood entities accused of  selling baby parts. Utah s branch of Planned Parenthood has an $8 million budget and the contracts blocked by Governor Herbert were worth $275,000.Planned Parenthood has been cleared of any wrongdoing in multiple investigations by congress and several states. The organization was also cleared by a Texas grand jury who chose to indict two of the makers of the heavily doctored videos instead.Featured image via The Hill",0
5494, Donald Trump Throws Temper Tantrum After Justice Ginsburg Humiliates Him,"This is why we love the Notorious RBG.Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has been on the bench for a long time. Usually the Justices of the high court stay out of presidential politics, but this is no ordinary election and Ginsburg isn t going to stay quiet when the fate of the country hangs in the balance. I can t imagine what this place would be   I can t imagine what the country would be   with Donald Trump as our president,  Ginsburg told the New York Times in an interview published on Monday.And then she doubled down during an interview with CNN that same day. He is a faker. He has no consistency about him. He says whatever comes into his head at the moment. He really has an ego.   How has he gotten away with not turning over his tax returns? The press seems to be very gentle with him on that. Indeed, the media has largely ignored Trump s refusal to release his tax returns unlike the way they hounded Mitt Romney four years ago.The Washington Post and the New York Times are both whining about Ginsburg s remarks. Both editorial boards are calling for her to stop  name-calling  and think she should stop talking all together.The hypocrisy here is stunning. Donald Trump has said far worse things on the campaign trail then Ginsburg has in these two interviews, but I don t recall seeing either editorial board telling the Republican nominee to shut his mouth. Furthermore, it s not exactly unprecedented for Supreme Court Justices to get involved in presidential politics. I seem to recall a certain 5-4 ruling the high court made in 2000 that handed George W. Bush the presidential election even though it was totally unprecedented for the Supreme Court to decide such a contest. The conservative judges ruled that Florida should not count the votes in a race that was incredibly close and could have gone either way if we had just allowed the democratic process to unfold. The Supreme Court should have stayed out of it then.Regardless, when Donald Trump heard that Ginsburg humiliated his sorry ass he exploded on Twitter. Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me,  he whined.  Her mind is shot   resign! Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot   resign!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 13, 2016Trump even complained to the New York Times, which happily gave Trump the platform to tell a woman to shut her mouth. I think it s highly inappropriate that a United States Supreme Court judge gets involved in a political campaign, frankly. I think it s a disgrace to the court and I think she should apologize to the court. I couldn t believe it when I saw it. It s so beneath the court for her to be making statements like that. It only energizes my base even more. And I would hope that she would get off the court as soon as possible. Sorry, Donald. But Justice Ginsburg isn t retiring any time soon. In fact, she d probably make sure she stays put if you somehow become president just to spite you.The bottom line here is that Ruth Bader Ginsburg is not just a Supreme Court Justice, she s a citizen of this country with a right to free speech just like everyone else. This is a critical election at a momentous time in this country and Ginsburg clearly felt the need to speak up. It s hard to believe that if these remarks had come from one of her male colleagues that the Post and the Times would be throwing such a hissy fit over it. Trump is spewing unprecedented hate and vitriol in a presidential election, but these two newspapers are complaining about Ginsburg commenting about it. There s something seriously wrong with that.Featured Image: Branden Camp/Getty Images",0
5495," Obama Gives Profound Statement On Guns, Right-Wingers Respond With #GlockABook Hashtag","President Obama gave a powerful speech today at the memorial service for the five police officers who lost their lives in the horrific ambush on law enforcement that took place last Thursday in Dallas, Texas. Unfortunately, but not at all unexpectedly, most of his moving words were lost on conservatives.The president dropped some major truth bombs on race in America and followed up with a discussion of the choices that we  as a society  make which bring us to the place we find ourselves today.As a society, we choose to underinvest in decent schools.  We allow poverty to fester so that entire neighborhoods offer no prospect for gainful employment. We refuse to fund drug treatment and mental health programs. We flood communities with so many guns that it is easier for a teenager to buy a Glock than get his hands on a computer or even a book   (applause)   and then we tell the police  you re a social worker, you re the parent, you re the teacher, you re the drug counselor.  We tell them to keep those neighborhoods in check at all costs, and do so without causing any political blowback or inconvenience.  Don t make a mistake that might disturb our own peace of mind.  And then we feign surprise when, periodically, the tensions boil over.Right-wingers began to lose their minds the moment it became clear that Obama was going to have anything more to say than simply offering the worthless thoughts and prayers conservatives are so fond of. When he mentioned guns, it pushed them over the edge and they launched the #GlockABook hashtag to mock the president s spot on words.Snow White and the Seven Glocks#glockabook  The Department of No (@SantasTavern) July 13, 2016How the Glock Saved Christmas. #GlockaBook  Heather 2472 UNBOUND (@WaverSox) July 13, 2016#GlockaBook Gone with the Glock So, you don t like the fact we can legally carry?  Frankly, my dear, I don t give a damn  Redheaded Mischief (@Mischief2You) July 13, 2016#GlockaBook  The Glocks of the Baskervilles  P. Fahrquar, RAT (@irishspy) July 13, 2016#GlockaBook  The Glocks of the Baskervilles  P. Fahrquar, RAT (@irishspy) July 13, 2016Just how many people have to die before these folks start to realize that maybe, just maybe, we have a problem with guns here in America? Although deep down I knew better, part of me thought that this could be the straw that broke the gun-loving camel s back and woke Republicans up terrifying reality facing our country. But, I have thought that every time a mass shooting happens, and every time the only thing right-wingers have to say is  Don t take my guns!  It s disgusting and it is downright sad.Featured image via Aude Guerrucci-Pool/Getty Images",0
5496," Trump Has A SICKENING, Hypocritical Message For Black Lives Matter: Stop Being So ‘Divisive’ (VIDEO)","Donald Trump, the Republican presidential candidate that has spewed the most hateful, bigoted rhetoric modern America has ever witnessed, had the audacity to call Black Lives Matter  very divisive on Tuesday night.That s right. The candidate that has promised a border wall to keep illegal Mexican immigrants out (after calling them  rapists, drug dealers and criminals ), threatened to close mosques in the U.S. and proposed a ban on all Muslims from coming into the United States and routinely retweets white supremacists has the nerve to call a social justice movement  divisive. In speaking to Fox News  Bill O Reilly, Trump weighed in on the tragic shootings of African American police brutality victims Alton Sterling and Philando Castile. He called the shootings  very, very sad  but in the same breath accused the Black Lives Matter movement   a movement that fights the very systemic racism that contributed to those deaths   of  dividing America.  When O Reilly asked Trump if Black Lives Matter was  helping America or hurting America? , Trump said: I would say they re dividing America. I think they re hurting themselves. Trump also said that he was a big supporter of law enforcement and said that police shootings get broadcast   and they don t show all the good work the police does. Of course, no Republican can talk about a tragedy without blaming America s first black President, so Trump made sure to call President Barack Obama the  divider-in-chief  that was responsible for race relations in America.It does not get more disgusting than this. Trump s words are an insult to everyone working to improve race relations in America and call awareness to a massive social issue that is finally getting the attention it deserves. Trump, a racist that is so divisive that he has even torn his own political party apart, is the last one who should be criticizing Black Lives Matter or talking about unifying America. You can watch this sickening video below:Featured image via Gage Skidmore",0
5497, Trump U. EXPLICITLY Taught Students To Exploit Our Most Vulnerable People In Worst Way Imaginable,"How do you make a fortune in real-estate, like Donald Trump? Why, be as cold and heartless as possible. Just when we all thought the brouhaha over Trump University was dying down, along come Patrick Caldwell and Mother Jones to throw a stinging dose of reality onto the whole sordid situation. It seems that one of the major things that Trump U. tried to teach was how to exploit poor, disabled people facing foreclosure.Gary Eldred, a real-estate investment advisor, explained in this particular course that seeking out short sales (situations in which the homeowner can t pay their mortgage back as it stands, and so a buyer convinces both them and their bank to settle for a lower price) that will be profitable requires looking for people who are  certified destitute.  That means people who are out of work and not likely to be working again anytime soon.Then Eldred goes on to identify ideal homeowner of whom to take advantage: The borrower is out of work, the borrower has $50,000 in unpaid medical claims, the borrower is completely disabled, the borrower has an extraordinarily messy divorce where everything has been squandered.  [emphasis mine]This could sound good at first   the investor is supposedly helping out someone who s otherwise stuck and facing financial ruin. However, short sales can result in thousands more in debt for the seller, depending the laws in their state. They can t sell their house for the balance of their mortgage, so everything they do get goes to the bank.It all goes to the bank. So there s the potential for a lot of profit for the investor at the expense of the homeowner because they may still owe their bank what s left on their mortgage, in addition to the thousands they owe elsewhere.Anybody who would take advantage of the disabled this way is a gold-digger engaged in cold-blooded fuckery. Nothing more.We shouldn t be surprised about this, though. The name of the course says it all:  Real Estate Goldmine: How To Get Rich Investing In Pre-Foreclosure Properties.  King Profiteer even started the  class  off with: We re not peddling get-rich-quick schemes, no blue-sky promises or an easy road to riches  The sad fact is, more and more property owners are getting themselves in trouble! Defaulting on mortgages and losing their homes or commercial properties. I m sorry for them, but life goes on, and the fact is, one person s misfortune is someone else s opportunity. That s just the way the world works. This program shows you how to make a lot of money from investing in pre-foreclosures. The Profit-Monger-in-Chief, however, has a long history of disregarding disabled people along with denying that he does so. However, like the fraud cases, he d likely say that he certainly didn t intend for this course to teach people how to exploit the disabled this way (he loves the disabled, nobody will be better for them than him), or he d deny that he even knew what was in this course.Considering that our wannabe President Dunce wants to reopen and oversee Trump U. after the suits are over (which he s sure will be dismissed, or that he ll win), this is actually a major bit of news, because he ll probably once again tell students to use the most vulnerable among us. After all, riches are more important than anything.Featured image by Scott Gries/Getty Images",0
5498, Watch Laura Bush Remind Her Husband It’s Not Okay To Dance At Funerals (VIDEO),"It doesn t take a rocket scientist to figure out one shouldn t dance at a funeral, but considering former President George W. Bush is a few sandwiches short of a picnic, he never seemed to learn that lesson.While at the funeral for the five slain officers in Dallas, Texas, Bush joined President Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama, as well as Vice President Joe Biden, Dr. Jill Biden, and his wife Laura.At one point during the service, the choir began singing  The Battle Hymn of the Republic  and with its marching beat, the former president took this as a cue to begin to pretend to march. He swayed from side to side and even seemed to try to get his wife and Michelle Obama to join in.It was at that point that the First Lady shot Bush a look that could burn a thousand homes, and Laura Bush seemed to whisper at him that he needed to stop. Common sense would allow most people to realize that sort of behavior, especially from a former president, isn t appropriate, but President Bush has never been known for his common sense.Watch it all happen here:Laura Bush:  George! George! Be reverent! We re on TV!  pic.twitter.com/F6MUMSwgvp  Sarah Burris (@SarahBurris) July 12, 2016Featured image via video screen capture of Sarah Burris Twitter",0
5499, Trump Just Lost His Damn Mind On Twitter After Bernie Endorsed Hillary (TWEETS),"After finding out that Senator Bernie Sanders (I-VT) was endorsing Hillary Clinton for president on Tuesday morning, Donald Trump took to Twitter, as he always does, to try to lure in as many angry Bernie supporters as possible. He put out such a tweet storm that it actually appeared that he lost his damn mind more than he already likely has.In a series of tweets, Trump showed how desperately he is trying to pander to Bernie Sanders voters who are mad at the Senator from Vermont for endorsing Hillary Clinton. It s so obvious, in fact, that he s trying to play to that crowd, that if it works, it probably says more about those who could so easily switch to the anti-Bernie that is Trump, than it actually says about Trump himself.He tweeted:Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today   fans angry!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2016I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2016Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2016Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2016To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals & global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2016And don t forget his pinned video:#CrookedHillary is not qualified!https://t.co/6qi7KTW43O  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2016Now, if you ve proudly supported Bernie over the past year and his very progressive agenda, but now see yourself supporting a staunchly conservative racist, misogynistic, Islamophobic reality television star, you never actually felt  the Bern,  but rather just really hated the idea of Hillary Clinton as president. Which is fine. That s your choice, but don t pretend to be supporter of progressive ideology and making the nation better for all, not just the few on top.Trump does and says whatever is necessary to please the audience directly in front of  him at any given moment. He s a fraud and a scam artist, and most certainly is not to be believed   ever. He s a salesman and currently is just trying to sell himself to whoever will buy it   Don t buy it.Featured Photo by John Moore/Getty Images",0
5500, Store Owner Where Alton Sterling Was Killed Suing Baton Rouge Police,"The plot is definitely thickening when it comes to the horrific death of an African-American man at the hands of two white police officers in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Abdullah Muflahi owns the Triple S Food Mart, where the events of that fateful night took place. Now, he has filed a lawsuit against the police. The suit alleges that in the aftermath of the murder of Alton Sterling, whom Muflahi allowed to sell his CD s out front of the store, Muflahi was taken into custody like a common criminal, where the cops took his cell phone, along with surveillance video of the shooting. All of this was done without a warrant, which is definitely illegal, and reeks of a cover-up. The suit says of what happened: At all times defendants knew that plaintiff Muflahi was only a witness to the events at his store and that being a witness did not entitle police to hold plaintiff in custody or seize or commandeer his store and store equipment. Of course, the cops are not talking about these new developments. Muflahi is suing the cops who shot Sterling, as well as the city of Baton Rouge itself. Also named in the lawsuit are the investigating officers and the Baton Rouge police chief. There was no warrant for any of the store s surveillance footage until roughly five hours after the cops murdered Alton Sterling, so they had no right to immediately take that footage, and at no point should Abdullah Muflahi been taken into custody for any reason. He was a witness to a crime committed by the Baton Rouge police. He is not the criminal here.The document that requested the warrant claimed that Sterling did not put his hands on the hood of a car when he was told to do so, and therefore tasers were used. They saw what they believed to be a gun sticking out of Sterling s pocket, and therefore they tased him. Now, anyone with knowledge of tasers knows that they incapacitate the average person pretty well. There was no need to shoot and kill him, but of course the cops claim otherwise: When the subject attempted to reach for the gun from his pocket, the officers fired their police-issued duty weapon at the subject to stop the threat. I d be willing to bet they erased what footage they could, along with any video on the cell phone they unlawfully took from Abdullah Muflahi. It will be just as doctored as the stories they are telling regarding the shooting itself. This is nothing more than the police doing their damndest to keep their murderous brothers in blue out of an indictment and possible prison time.Featured image via Mark Wallheiser/Getty Images",0
5501, WATCH: Racist Republican Congressman Steve King Displays A Confederate Flag On His Office Desk,"It doesn t get any clearer than this that Iowa Rep. Steve King is a racist.During a story about King introducing Sarah s law, a program that allows parents to check if someone around their child has ever been convicted of sexual offenses against children, cameras busted the Republican openly displaying a Confederate flag on his office desk.Here s the video via YouTube. The flag can be seen at the 26 second mark.This pretty much confirms that King is a racist who fantasizes about secession. After all, he is a vicious critic of Black Lives Matter and has always hated President Obama, whom he directly blamed for the Dallas shootings in a post on Twitter.#DallasPoliceShooting has roots in first of anti-white/cop events illuminated by Obama Officer Crowley. There were others.  Steve King (@SteveKingIA) July 8, 2016Furthermore, King tried to block the addition of Harriet Tubman, a former slave who escaped and became a prominent abolitionist who helped other slave gain their freedom via the Underground Railroad, to the $20 bill in defense of slave-holder Andrew Jackson, who is going to be moved to the back.King claimed that putting Tubman on the $20 bill is racist while he tried to portray his effort as  unifying This is liberal activism on the part of the president that s trying to identify people by categories, and he s divided us on the lines of groups,  King said.  This is a divisive proposal on the part of the president, and mine s unifying. It says just don t change anything. King is also a fan of secession. When the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union last month, he cheered the vote on Twitter. Congratulations to UK, especially @Nigel_Farage & UKIP, for your noble & farsighted national decision to #BreExit. WesternCiv can be saved.  Steve King (@SteveKingIA) June 24, 2016Texas conservatives also cheered the decision and have used it to push their own secession movement.Democratic candidate Kim Weaver, who is challenging King for his seat, told the De Moines Register, Like a lot of Iowans, I m disgusted by his gross insensitivity to the millions of Americans for whom that flag is a symbol of racism and division, and I join them in calling on Mr. King to remove it immediately. Even Iowa s GOP governor opposes King s display of the Confederate flag because Iowa was a Union state during the Civil War.Indeed, 76,242 Iowa men fought against the Confederacy. Iowans fought bravely with distinction at the Battle of Wilson Creek in Missouri and many are buried at Vicksburg National Cemetery. King s support of the Confederate flag is an insult to their memory and the memory of the 13,000 Iowans who died trying to defeat the Confederacy. It s also disgraceful to the Iowans who were killed by Confederate bushwhackers who repeatedly raided the southern part of the state during the war.Iowa heavily backed Abraham Lincoln and the Union, so Steve King s display of an enemy flag is totally offensive, especially since he is supposed to be a United States congressman.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
5502, WATCH: Conservative Redneck Tries To Kill Photographer With SUV And Gets Arrested,"When Los Angeles photographer Alex Stone and his team tried to capture photos of a vehicle on a public road in San Diego County they were accosted by a man driving an SUV.Mark Gordon spotted the photographer and got angry so he recklessly drove his vehicle towards them repeatedly in an attempt to do them harm or intimidate them into leaving. Why don t you go f*cking take pictures of your own f*cking street?  Gordon yells at Stone.Stone very politely informs an agitated Gordon that they are finishing up and will leave shortly, even going so far as to call Gordon  sir. Like many conservatives, Gordon has plastered the back of his vehicle with offensive bumper stickers, including one that says  No Hillary.  We know this because Gordon threw his SUV into reverse and angrily squalled his tires to turn the vehicle around so he could try to run Stone and his team down with it. Move your shit!  Gordon demands as Stone tries to reason with him unsuccessfully.Gordon literally tries to murder Stone with his SUV and Stone barely jumps out of the way in the nick of time. But Gordon refuses to stop. Gordon screams at Stone telling him that he s in his driveway and calls him a  dickhead. Stone says they will leave but Gordon makes that difficult because he is blocking their path, essentially refusing to let them leave as he demanded. He then gets out of his car with the intent of physically harming Stone. As soon as I slap the f*cking piss out of ya!  he says.Gordon then proceeds to break Stone s phone and refuses to pay for the damages by telling Stone to suck the price  out of my dick. Gordon has since been arrested by law enforcement and charged with assault with a deadly weapon, battery, and vandalism.Here s the video via YouTube.As you can see, the  driveway  Gordon is complaining about is just a public road. There does not appear to be an actual driveway off the side of it. It seems Gordon believes the entire road is his driveway. Perhaps he thought Stone was part of the mainstream media or something but that still does not excuse his threatening behavior. Stone was not the aggressor here and the police apparently agree.Gordon is just another angry middle aged white guy who thinks he can get away with bullying people and being a complete asshole toward others. Now he gets to think about his behavior in a jail cell.Featured image via screenshot",0
5503, Jeb Bush Blames THE POPE For Making Him Lose The GOP Nomination (VIDEO),"While most people have pretty much forgotten that Florida Governor Jeb Bush was actually a Republican presidential candidate not too long ago, it seems that he can t let it go. After being overshadowed by candidates like Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz and the party s presumptive Republican nominee, Donald Trump, Jeb has come to the surface to let everyone know that it wasn t his fault he lost.On Monday, the younger Bush reminded everyone that just like his big brother, he is also capable of spewing moronic garbage. In an interview with former Bush press secretary Nicolle Wallace, sore loser Jeb! made sure to remind Americans that the real reason he didn t win in South Carolina was because of the Pope.In discussing what went wrong in his presidential campaign that prevented him from surpassing the other candidates, Jeb said,  The Pope intervening in American politics didn t help. Wallace was shocked and pointed out You re Catholic, blaming the Pope! Bush reiterated that he wasn t blaming the Pope   but clearly Pope Francis  inconvenient mass had cost Jeb everything: No, no. I m not blaming. Talking about, basically, open borders at a time with the whole Trump phenomenon was to build a wall and make Mexico pay for it. he goes to the border for a massive mass, and he had every right to preach the gospel there, I don t think he should be intervening, I don t think he understood he was intervening in our political affairs. That generated a lot of news and stopped the momentum. When Wallace asked Jeb to specify just how Pope Francis had helped the media kill his campaign, Jeb explained: The news cycle was dominated by that. Trump, to his credit, was very smart at exploiting these kind of opportunities. He s a master at understanding how the media works more than anybody I ve ever seen in politics, kudos for him for kind of creating the environment and then manipulating the environment to his effect. Jeb s comments are so ridiculous, they might as well have come from Ben Carson. Not only is Jeb criticizing the Pope, but he s praising Trump, who dissed the Catholic leader. Jeb is also in an insane amount of denial over the  three-way tie  for second place, because he seriously thinks that if the Pope hadn t ruined everything, he could have won. According to statistics, Trump, Rubio and Cruz all had over 22 percent of the vote each. Jeb lost South Carolina with 7.8 percent. But I m sure it was because of  the Pope. You can watch Jeb blame the demise of his disastrous campaign on the world s most famous religious leader below:Featured image via Gage Skidmore and Martin Schulz",0
5504, Bombshell Report Shows GOP Presidential Campaign A Complete DISASTER In Multiple States,"Presidential elections are won by well-prepared, well organized multimillion dollar efforts that are executed at the state level. Some of the best models of this have been President Bush s campaign in 2004 and President Obama s campaigns in 2008 and 2012. What needs to be done and how it should be done are known by seasoned campaign operatives and candidates who put the people in place to make it happen.Donald Trump s presidential campaign, and the Republican Party s planning to help his campaign in multiple states that are key to winning, are a complete disaster with only four months to go until the election, according to a new report from the Associated Press.With early voting beginning in less than three months in some states, the review reveals that the national GOP has delivered only a fraction of the ground forces detailed in discussions with state leaders earlier in the year. And that is leaving anxious local officials waiting for reinforcements to keep pace with Democrat Hillary Clinton in the states that matter most in 2016.The Republican Party s massive failure gets even worse when you zoom in to swing states, as the Associated Press has:Some examples of Republican shortfalls: Ohio Republicans thought they were going to see 220 paid staffers by May; in reality there are about 50. Plans for Pennsylvania called for 190 paid staffers; there are about 60. Iowa s planned ground force of 66 by May actually numbers between 25 and 30. In Colorado, recent staff departures have left about two dozen employees, far short of the 80 that were to have been in place.AP even found that Trump s headquarters in Florida, one of the most important states in the fight for the electoral college, was closed and its voice mailbox full. Florida has 29 electoral votes and in 2012 was decided by a margin of 0.87 percent   on the ground organizing is key to winning it.These failures at the state organizing level don t even take into account the massive disparity in campaign advertising between Clinton and Trump. While she has been pumping out ads in important states like Ohio, Pennsylvania, Florida, Colorado, and New Mexico along with super PACs that support her, Trump hasn t been advertising at all. In 2012, Mitt Romney s campaign was outspent by President Obama, but he was actually spending money   Trump isn t spending on much, besides many of his own entities who showed up as campaign vendors.Republicans, especially in 2012, derided President Obama s background as a community organizer, but they could do with one right now to organize for their candidate in the communities he needs in order to have a chance at winning. That doesn t seem to be happening.Featured image via Flickr",0
5505, Speaker Paul Ryan’s Attack On Hillary Clinton Just Blew Up In His Face,"Speaker Paul Ryan put on a public temper tantrum after FBI director James Comey came out and said he and his team did not believe that Hillary Clinton broke the law when she set up a personal email server.Ryan sent a request that instead of how presidential candidates are traditionally treated, that Clinton be denied intelligence briefings that are given once she becomes the official nominee of the Democratic Party.His petulant request has just been denied.Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told Ryan in a letter obtained Monday by CNN that he  does not intend to withhold briefings from any officially nominated, eligible candidate. Ryan made the request after Clinton was severely criticized by the FBI for her email use, but not punished. Nominees for president and vice president receive these briefings by virtue of their status as candidates, and do not require separate security clearances before the briefings,  Clapper wrote to Ryan.  Briefings for the candidates will be provided on an even-handed non-partisan basis. Ryan s request is even more ridiculous when his own party s nominee is Donald Trump. Earlier in the year, intelligence experts expressed concerns that Trump would be given these briefings, as he has shown time and time again a complete disregard for how things are to be handled with sensitivity at the presidential level.The Speaker himself has expressed concerns on multiple occasions about Trump s temperament, admitting that his campaign sent an anti-Semitic tweet and that Trump s remarks about a Latino judge were racist. Yet Ryan has not raised any objections about Trump receiving intelligence briefings.Conservatives have repeatedly whipped themselves up into a frenzy, believing that investigations into the Benghazi attack would take down President Obama, and now Secretary Clinton. The probe into the email was an outgrowth of that frustration, and has now turned into a big zero. Again.Featured image via Flickr",0
5506, LISTEN: Dispatch Audio Reveals Cop Who Killed Philando Castile CLEARLY Racially Profiled,"As much as Jeronimo Yanez, the police officer who killed Philando Castile, wants to claim he didn t pull over Castile s vehicle because of race, audio from police dispatch that night tells a very different story.According to Castile s girlfriend Diamond Reynolds, in the livestream video she took that night, they were pulled over because of broken tail light. However, after revealing that he was legally carrying a firearm, but then reaching for his wallet to show identification, the officer panicked and shot Castile several times.The St. Anthony Police Officer claims that he shot Castile because of  the presence of that gun and the display of that gun,  which still has yet to be determined, but why the car was pulled over in the first place seems a lot more clear after listening to the audio from dispatch.Officer Yanez says: I m gonna stop a car. I m gonna check IDs. I have reason to pull it over. Then he says: The two occupants just look like people that were involved in a robbery. The driver looks more like one of our suspects, just  cause of the wide set nose. It was a minute and a half later when shots rang out and Castile died from his injuries in front of his girlfriend and his girlfriend s daughter. All because Castile  looks  a certain way according to the cop who killed him.This isn t okay, and justice needs to be served.Listen to the police dispatch audio here:Here s a portion of the #PhilandoCastile dispatch call released by #KARE11 pic.twitter.com/4J5TzVcLUk  BallerAlert (@balleralert) July 10, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
5507," Rick Perry: Trump Isn’t Going To Build A Real Wall, Just A ‘Digital’ One","Since Donald Trump first escalated into our lives as a GOP presidential candidate, his one major policy platform has been the wall he says he s going to build along the Mexican border. Most who have any common sense at all know that his proposed wall would be an impossibility and former Texas Governor Rick Perry says the wall won t happen at all. It will be a  digital wall. Perry was interviewed on Monday by Snapchat s Peter Hamby on  Good Luck America.  Hamby argued that the wall is  not going to happen. Perry, who is a Trump supporter agreed: Well, it s not,  Perry said, explaining,  It s a wall, but it s a technological wall, it s a digital wall. Perry, who is supporting Trump, commented,  There are some that hear this is going to be 1,200 miles from Brownsville to El Paso, 30-foot high, and listen, I know you can t do that.  Source: PoliticoIt s not the first time Perry has criticized the idea of the wall. In January, he said that the wall  will take literally years. I don t care how good of a builder you are. The cornerstone of Trump s campaign has been the wall, and it s never been a digital wall, whatever that might be. This, from an October debate, is pretty much how Trump has been talking about the wall from the very beginning. We re going to do a wall; we re going to have a big, fat beautiful door on the wall; we re going to have people come in, but they re going to come in legally,  Trump said at the third Republican debate, hosted by CNBC. Mexico s going to pay for the wall,  he said.  I love the Mexican people; I respect the Mexican leaders, but their leaders are much sharper, much smarter and more cunning than our leader. Source: CNBCThis is how Trump describes the wall. It doesn t sound digital: So you take precast plank,  Trump said.  It comes 30 feet long, 40 feet long, 50 feet long. You see the highways where they can span 50, 60 feet, even longer than that, right? And do you a beautiful nice precast plank with beautiful everything. Just perfect. He added:  I want it to be so beautiful because maybe someday they ll call it the Trump Wall. Source: The Washington PostLet s not give Perry credit for being smarter than Trump just because he knows the wall is unrealistic. A  digital wall  is just as ridiculous as the monstrous wall that Trump is proposing. In a very misguided way, it seems Perry is still vying for Trump s VP slot, although contradicting the billionaire is probably not the way to do it.Featured image of Rick Perry by Michael B. Thomas at Getty Images | Featured image of Donald Trump by John Sommers II at Getty Images ",0
5508, Dallas Police Chief Just Completely DESECRATED The ‘Good Guy With A Gun’ Myth (VIDEO),"Dallas Police Chief David Brown just completely desecrated the favorite myth of gun nuts everywhere, that a  good guy with a gun  will heroically save the day when a bad guy starts shooting. We ve all heard it from the NRA and its minions, the delusional fantasy that the only thing that can stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun. Turns out, this is BS and Brown just explained why.Brown was taking questions on Monday following a press conference discussing the vicious attack that left five police officers dead on Thursday. He was asked about the open carry laws in Texas. We know that there was at least one gentleman who was a subject   person of interest, during the demonstration he had an AR-15 around his   around his shoulder,  he was asked.  What does this tell you about people using the new Texas law of open carry at a demonstration like this? After finding out that the person asking the question was indeed local, Brown explained the position law enforcement finds themselves in as a result of open carry laws put in place by lawmakers who are in the pocket of the NRA. In the process, he completely laid waste to the myth of a  good guy with a gun  saving the day. All right, so, it s a little different here in Texas in the way we view open carry, concealed carry. We ve had great dialogue with our state legislators about this. We ve expressed all of our concerns. We are trying as best as we can as a law enforcement community to make it work so the citizens can express their Second Amendment rights.But it s increasingly challenging when people have AR-15s slung over and shootings occur in a crowd and they begin running, and we don t know   or we don t know if they re the shooter or not, or they begin, it s been the presumption that a good guy with a gun is the best way to resolve some of these things. Well, we don t know who the good guy is versus who the bad guy is if everybody starts shooting, and we ve expressed that concern as well. Brown concluded by saying that he hopes lawmakers will listen to input from law enforcement when in comes to gun laws. I have every belief and trust that our folks are listening at the state on this issue, particularly as it involves protests,  said the chief.He also noted that time after time, congress offers  thoughts and prayers  when mass shootings take place, yet they do nothing to take any meaningful steps towards preventing tragedies like this from occurring. Brown s message to elected officials was crystal clear:  Do your jobs. Watch Dallas Police Chief David Brown obliterate the  good guy with a gun  myth: Featured image via Stewart F. House/Getty Images",0
5509," WATCH: Sarah Palin Dehumanizes Black People: They’re ‘Thugs,’ Not People","Sarah Palin continued to fan the flames of hatred and racism toward black people on Sunday by demanding that the media refer to them as  thugs  and avoid acknowledging that they are living breathing human beings.During an interview with Breitbart two days after five Dallas police officers were killed by a lone gunman who was totally unaffiliated with Black Lives Matter, Palin followed other conservatives by blaming black people for the killings and said she refuses to call the protesters  people. They re not protesters. You know, these are thugs, they re rioters. And yeah, I m calling out the media, saying quit claiming that these rioters are people. They re stomping on a flag   figuratively and literally   shouting  death to cops , celebrating violence. Black Lives Matter is a non-violent peaceful movement protesting police brutality and the unjust killing of innocent black people by police officers who flagrantly use excessive force.Furthermore, the Black Lives Matter rally in Dallas was a peaceful march and leaders worked with police prior to and during the demonstration. And when shots were fired protesters helped police identify where the shots were coming from.It should also be pointed out that burning an American flag is not illegal and is considered protected by free speech.But none of the facts matter to America s village idiot.She went on to call black people who speak out against police violence  evil  and attempted to co-opt Dr. Martin Luther King, who also led nonviolent demonstrations in the 1960s to fight for civil rights the same way Black Lives Matter does today. I think the media is perpetuating a message that really evil people are thriving on right now as they try to warp malleable minds that would believe that one race matters more than another. You know, it s the antithesis of Martin Luther King Jr. s message. It s the antithesis of our Constitution, of the Bill of Rights, our charters of liberty that says all men are created equal. Here s the video via YouTube.Conservatives across the country have been making every effort to portray black people as monsters and criminals in an effort to shut down the Black Lives Matter movement. They are perfectly fine with black people getting shot like dogs in the streets by police officers and their rhetoric against the protesters has already nearly resulted in a massacre at a Portland, Oregon rally. A right-wing gun nut could have killed dozens of people had he not lost his nerve after pulling his gun and aiming it at the protesters marching down the street.So rhetoric like Palin s is only making things worse. As bad as the racism and hate from conservatives has been, it s about to get even uglier and could erupt in violence.Featured image via YouTube screenshot",0
5510, CNN Panel Breaks Out In CHAOS After Someone Claims “Black People Are Prone To Criminality” (VIDEO),"CNN s Chris Cuomo tried to have a discussion about police brutality and race on Monday morning, and it didn t go over too well. The conversation barely got five minutes in before a racist statement set off the rest of the panel, resulting in a shouting match that Cuomo could barely control.The panel was comprised of retired NYPD Detective Harry Houck, Former NYPD Chief Philip Banks and CNN s Marc Lamont Hill. Hill, who is a Morehouse College professor, spoke about the systemic racism that black communities have been facing, while Houck was more interested in defending law enforcement and came out with statistics about black crime in New York City to prove his point. Huock said: Facts have gotta matter. The police have already recognized the fact that we ve got issues that we need to deal with. Now the black community has to also know that they have issues they need to deal with. This isn t a one-way street here. This is where it all went downhill. Huock rattled off the following stats: In New York City alone, blacks are 23% [of the population]; they make up 75% of all shootings, 70% of all robberies, 60% of all violent crimes. White only 3%. That is why there are more blacks in jail than there are whites. Hill fired back, denouncing that those numbers were the result of  a system that s dysfunctional . As Hill tried to convince Houck that the power should be given to citizens rather than law enforcement, tensions erupted when Houck made the inference of black criminality. Hill called Houck out for his racist comment and shouted: You think black people are prone to criminality!? You didn t mean to say that. I m gonna give you a chance to correct yourself! When Houck referred back to his statistics, Hill shot him down again and said, Harry, Googling some numbers is different than talking to me! The shouting match between the two continued, and Banks waited until the shouting had died down a bit to suggest more of a middle ground in working toward solutions. Banks said: It doesn t mean there aren t a lot of good cops. It doesn t mean that law enforcement doesn t serve communities through. It means that changes have to be made, talks need to be stopped, and action needs to take place. You can watch Houck derail the segment below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
