id,title,text,label
16046,"Streets and Skies Suddenly Quiet, Syrians Watch Cease-Fire With Unease - The New York Times","BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   They are getting used to fewer explosions, and to fewer ambulances racing through their   cities. Now, under a tentative   across Syria, people have more time to think about   concerns. We’ve been keeping in touch with Syrians from all over the country since the truce took effect Monday night. They’re sharing their thoughts, experiences, videos and photos  —   and their doubts. President Bashar  ’s supporters and opponents alike share a sense of misgiving. They know the   was negotiated between Russia and the United States, over their heads. They do not know its details, and they do not know if anyone  —   the world powers or their own putative leaders, whether the opposition or the government  —   has their interests in mind. As the Syrian government held up promised United Nations aid for a third day, fighters and civilians in   Aleppo called the aid a poisoned chalice that legitimized Mr. Assad’s siege tactics. There are also skeptics in   areas, some who favor Mr. Assad and some who don’t. In many such places, the   has a smaller upside: The residents have not been living under airstrikes, because the rebels lack planes. “I hope this   is real, and not a chance for the armed groups to rearm,” said a police officer in a   Christian village near Homs. Doubts persist even in the areas that have suffered most from rebel shelling: on the western side of Aleppo and in two Shiite villages in Idlib Province, islands of   territory besieged by rebels. They worry that Mr. Assad and his allies  —   Iran, Russia and the Lebanese militia Hezbollah  —   are too busy with war to make helping them a priority. Hussein Halaq, 35, a computer technician, lives with his wife and three children in Fouaa, one of those encircled Shiite villages. He said the biggest danger was   fighters in neighboring Binnish. We spoke by phone to a lawyer who supports Mr. Assad and lives in the western,   section of Aleppo, and who was concerned about the presence of fighters from the   Nusra Front, recently renamed the Levant Conquest Front. He asked not to be identified because he was not authorized by the government to speak to reporters. Yusuf   50, a hospital worker, lives in his   ’s apartment in central Damascus with his wife, a teacher, and their three children. They fled their home in Yarmouk, a Palestinian refugee camp, in December 2012 after rebels infiltrated and the government started airstrikes the    fled to Germany. Mr. Ali spoke in a coffee shop near his home. Firas Alsaid, 28, was also nervous, wondering how long the calm would last. He lives in the   town of Talbiseh in the central province of Homs. He has not left the town, which has been hit by frequent airstrikes, since the revolt began, and he finds the quiet almost eerie.",0
16047,"Rent-to-Own Homes: A Win-Win for Landlords, a Risk for Struggling Tenants - The New York Times","COLUMBIA, S. C.  —   Alex Szkaradek is a landlord who seems to have the best of both worlds. Mr. Szkaradek, 36, collects rent, but he never has to pay for repairs on any of the more than 5, 500 homes  —   many of them rundown  —   that his firm manages across the country. The firm, Vision Property Management, blurs the line between what it means to be a renter and a homeowner. These companies do not offer regular leases or mortgages  —   they offer “rent to own” contracts on homes that require tenants to make all repairs, no matter how big or small. Mr. Szkaradek says Vision, a leader in the   market, is bringing the dream of homeownership to Americans who lack good credit or are too poor to qualify for mortgages. In many communities, housing prices have recovered from the financial crisis. At the bottom end, however, banks have all but stopped making loans for homes worth less than $100, 000, leaving millions of people with few options. But these    agreements reside in a gray area of the law. An examination by The New York Times of contracts and court filings, as well as interviews with housing lawyers and more than a dozen of Vision’s customers across the country, found that these deals are risky, lack consumer protections and may not be enforceable in some states. Most tenants walk away with nothing, having sunk money for rent and repairs into homes they had once hoped to own. Others faced surprise evictions, having signed a contract that did not disclose what repairs were needed, yet set a deadline for making sure the home was up to local housing code. As different tenants move in and out of the same property over the course of years, many homes fall further into disrepair. A recent report from the National Consumer Law Center found similar issues with certain    programs, calling them deceptive in nature. When Donna Thomas signed a lease for a Cincinnati home with Vision, she said she was not told that it had unresolved building code violations and a standing order from the city to remain vacant. Samuel Rankin thought he was starting fresh when he and his two daughters moved out of a 1970s trailer home into a   Vision rental home in Alexander, Ark. But he soon discovered that the house, located just outside Little Rock, had no heat, no water and major problems with its sewage system that led to nearly $10, 000 in repairs. Ms. Thomas’s and Mr. Rankin’s cases are not isolated, The Times found. It is difficult to measure the size of the    housing market. Nobody tracks activity, and few    agreements end in actual purchases, so they tend not to be recorded. Across the country, however, dozens of smaller firms offer to lease cheap homes with options to buy, such as Vision does. Entrepreneurs conduct   seminars at conferences for small landlords hoping to strike it rich. And housing lawyers in cities including Detroit, Philadelphia and Columbus, Ohio, say they are seeing an uptick in disputes involving    transactions. Several big Wall Street companies like the Blackstone Group and Home Partners of America offer programs through which people can buy the homes they are renting. But those homes are often relatively new or recently renovated, and worth well over $100, 000. The deals at the lower end of the market are the ones that worry housing advocates. “We’re seeing an influx in these contracts,” said Katarina Karac, a city lawyer for Columbus, who is involved in one case the city has against Vision. “It looks like a   relationship, except instead of having the landlord take care of the property, they are putting that obligation on the tenant,” she added. Every home rented by Vision comes “as is” and has strict contractual terms that require a tenant to pay for any repairs, no matter how big. Renters are given a few months to deal with any outstanding building code violations and to make the homes habitable. In interviews, as well as in court documents, customers said they were confused by the contracts’ terms and requirements, and were not sure whether they were owners or renters. They signed their leases and put down an initial payment to reserve the right to buy the house. Unlike most typical home purchases,    contracts have no requirement to obtain an independent home inspection. The customers contend they were not informed of outstanding issues with Vision homes, many of which the company had bought for $10, 000 or less. Tenants who are evicted during the tenure of these   contracts walk away   receiving no credit for money spent on repairs or renovations.    leases are similar in many ways to contracts for deeds:     installment contracts that call for the resident to make monthly payments to the seller. Unlike a contract for deed  —   which typically lasts 30 years, at the end of a Vision contract, tenants still need to find financing to complete the deal. The buyer does not receive legal title to the home until the last payment is made. Federal and state regulators began looking into   deals after a   article in The Times in February highlighted the resurgence of these transactions. Seven United States senators recently wrote to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to express concern over the lack of protections for   home buyers. Still, contract for deeds are at least subject to basic   regulations like the Federal Truth in Lending Act, which requires firms to detail how much interest they are charging and how many payments prospective buyers must make before they own the house. In most states, landlords are required to keep the homes and apartments that they rent in habitable condition. Some legal experts said contracts like the ones used by Vision could violate that requirement. Cincinnati, for example, has an ordinance that requires    landlords to adhere to building, housing and safety codes, as well as to “make all repairs and do whatever is reasonably necessary to put and keep the premises in a fit and habitable condition. ” Judith Fox, a professor of law at the University of Notre Dame, said that in most states landlord obligations cannot be waived. “If it’s a lease and they are claiming that none of the   obligations apply, then I would argue they have to adhere to federal truth in lending rules. ” She added, “You can’t have it both ways. ” Vision, based here, buys homes spread across 24 states through nearly two dozen limited liability companies, all with different names like MI Seven, OH Seven and Kaja Holdings. The firm advertises its properties on its website, through Craigslist and in handwritten signs posted on the lawns of properties promoting low monthly rents. Negotiations are done via phone or email, and prospective tenants are given a code to a lockbox on the door to inspect properties.   inspections can be difficult with the power turned off in a home before it is bought, however. Last September, Ms. Thomas signed a lease for a home on McHenry Avenue in Cincinnati that required her to bring the property into a habitable condition within three months. Vision’s contract offered to sell her the home for $27, 000. It was only after signing the contract that Ms. Thomas, 38, learned of at least three unaddressed   violations and about $5, 000 in unpaid fines. She then sought a lawyer to get out of her contract and recover her $600 initial payment. “It was like pulling teeth to get them to give me $600 of my money back,” Ms. Thomas said. Within days, Vision found another tenant, a couple who moved into the same house. None of the building code violations had been addressed. Edward Cunningham, a Cincinnati building department official, said the city had issued more than 20 notices to Vision on the property. “Communications have been very poor in this case,” he said. There are $13, 250 in unpaid citations on the McHenry home and the city has referred the matter to a collection agency. Vision bought the house from Fannie Mae for $9, 300 in 2014. Mr. Szkaradek, of Vision, said the firm had a small team that worked with municipal officials to address outstanding code violations. In subsequent emails, he said that Vision offered “a full and unconditional refund” to tenants within the first 30 days of a contract and that the firm had consulted with regulatory counsel in drafting its contract. “Our goal is to put people into houses and turn renters into homeowners,” Mr. Szkaradek said during an interview at Vision’s offices in a   building on the outskirts of Columbia, S. C. He declined to comment on specific cases. Mr. Szkaradek refers to Vision’s   contract as a “hybrid lease” that enables renters to build up “implied equity” with each monthly rent payment. Vision works with clients to help them through the process of managing payments, he said. Vision, which does not provide financing for tenants to buy homes, pointed to Mr. Rankin as one client it has worked with to help make a home livable. In October, Mr. Rankin moved into his home after signing a contract that valued the   house at $38, 000. There was no carpeting and no linoleum on the floors, and the walls were covered with what Mr. Rankin described as a   substance. These issues seemed easily fixable, though, Mr. Rankin said, because he runs his own flooring company. But not even a craftsman like Mr. Rankin was prepared for the biggest problem with the house: a condemned septic tank that the local water department said needed to be upgraded. The cost to install a new sewerage system was more than $8, 000, Mr. Rankin said. Vision helped him find a contractor to make the repairs, but it rolled the cost into a new contract that revalued the purchase price of the home to $60, 000 and increased his monthly costs by $65, to $470 a month. “Financially, they kind of stuck it to me,” Mr. Rankin said. But, he added, “when you don’t have any options and someone is willing to work with you, it’s really a blessing. ” Vision paid $10, 760 to the Department of Housing and Urban Development for the house last July. “If you’re doubling your money off of people who are scraping by and you’re taking advantage of their vulnerability to enrich yourself, that is being predatory,” said Beryl Satter, the author of the 2009 book “Family Properties,” which chronicled the exploitation of black homeowners in Chicago. Nearly half of Vision’s homes were bought from Fannie Mae, the   mortgage firm, according to RealtyTrac. A number of tenants and former tenants interviewed said they had hoped to buy homes from Vision either by ultimately getting a mortgage or saving cash to buy a home outright. But other tenants expressed concern they would end up losing the home. That is what happened to Heidi Anderson, 45, whose two children and partner moved into a Vision house in Vassar, Mich. last fall. They spent the winter months without heat because the furnace had been submerged in water and no longer worked. The only thing they had to keep warm during a cold Michigan winter, she said, was an electric heater and a   stove in the kitchen. Ms. Anderson said she called Vision several times about the furnace, but nobody got back to her, so she stopped paying rent. In February, Vision filed a nonpayment proceeding, seeking the family’s eviction and $3, 100 in overdue rent. She sent a check to Vision, she added, but the company returned it, saying it was late. Days before Memorial Day weekend, the family moved out, before the formal eviction. They have since moved into another nearby home through a    deal. It was the best option available because, Ms. Anderson said, she still could not qualify for a mortgage. “There is a little bit of work, but mostly it’s cosmetic,” she said. “The furnace works. ”",0
16048,Former Attorney General Janet Reno has Died at 78,"We Are Change 
Former Attorney General Janet Reno has died from complications of Parkinson’s disease. Reno was Attorney General during the Clinton administration. She was 78. (Nov. 7) 
Reno, a former Miami prosecutor, served nearly eight years as attorney general under President Bill Clinton.
Reno died on Monday from complications of Parkinson’s disease, according to her granddaughter, Gabrielle D’Alemberte. Who informed the Associated Press that she died early Monday morning. She is best known in the alternative media community as serving as prosecutor and exonerating the officers involved in Ruby Ridge , Idaho, in 1992 and in Waco, Texas, in 1993. Reno was sworn in as the first female attorney general on March 12, 1993, under the administration of Bill Clinton where she served in the role until 2001.
According to Republican strategist Dick Morris, also a former adviser to President Bill Clinton. Clinton wanted to drop Reno after his first term in office but Reno threatened to tell the media that it was Clinton, not she, who ordered the raid on the compound in Waco that ended with 76 men, women, and children killed when the building was burned to the ground.
“Reno threatened the president with telling the truth about Waco, and that caused the president to back down,” he said. “Then he went into a meeting with her, and he told me that she begged and pleaded, saying that . . . she didn’t want to be fired because if she were fired it would look like he was firing her over Waco,” Morris said. ” And I knew that what that meant was that she would tell the truth about what happened in Waco. “Now, to be fair, that’s my supposition. I don’t know what went on in Waco, but that was the cause. But I do know that she told him that if you fire me, I’m going to talk about Waco.”
Morris said Clinton disliked Reno.
“That was after Clinton had told me, ‘Janet Reno was the worst mistake I ever made,'” Morris said. “He hated her.” ~ Source Follow WE ARE CHANGE on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow We are change We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT  
The post Former Attorney General Janet Reno has Died at 78 appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
16049,What Now?,"by Thomas Sowell 
The good news is that we dodged a bullet in this election. The bad news is that we don’t know how many other bullets are coming, or from what direction. 
A Hillary Clinton victory would have meant a third consecutive administration dedicated to dismantling the institutions that have kept America free, and imposing instead the social vision of the smug elites. That could have been the ultimate catastrophe — not just for our time, but for generations yet unborn. 
In one sense, Donald Trump’s victory was a unique American event. But, in a larger sense, it represents the biggest backlash among many elsewhere, against smug elites in Western nations, where increasing numbers of ordinary people are showing their anger at where those elites are leading their countries. 
There, as here, mindlessly flinging the doors open to peoples from societies whose fundamental values clash with those of the countries they enter, has been a hallmark of arrogant blindness and disregard of negative consequences suffered by ordinary people — consequences from which the elites themselves are insulated. 
Nor is this the only issue on which the blindness of elites has set the stage for a political backlash. The anti-law enforcement fetish among the insulated elites has even more tragically sacrificed the safety of the general public. This too has been common on both sides of the Atlantic. 
Riots in London, Manchester and other cities in England in 2011 were incredibly similar to 2014 riots in Ferguson, Missouri, 2015 riots in Baltimore and similar riots in other American cities. 
The fact that the rioters in England were mostly white, while those in America were mostly black, gives the lie to the facile excuse that such riots are due to racial oppression, rather than being a result of appeasing mobs and restricting the police. 
Nor is the election of Donald Trump likely to lead the elites to having second thoughts about the prevailing dogmas of their groupthink. On the morning after Mr. Trump’s upset victory over Mrs. Clinton, a newswoman at CNN mentioned the disappointment of some women that “the glass ceiling” was not shattered as expected. 
What an insult to everyone’s intelligence is that catch phrase, “glass ceiling.” What does “glass” mean, if not that you cannot see the ceiling, but somehow you just know that it is there? And how do you know? Because it has been repeated so often. 
It is like the fable of the emperor’s new clothes, but a fable for adults. 
Demagogues like Hillary Clinton can point to the fact that women as a group do not receive as much income as men as a group. But, factual studies over the past 40 years have shown repeatedly that, when you compare women who work as many hours a year as men, and as many continuous years in the same occupations as men, the income differences shrink to the vanishing point, and sometimes even reverse. 
But how many politicians or media people care about facts, when the facts go against their preconceptions? 
Donald Trump’s unexpected victory should send a lot of people back to the drawing board to rethink their assumptions about many things. That includes not only the political left but also the Republican establishment. But don’t count on it. 
The Republican establishment has been called many things, but introspective is not one of them. One thing they might reconsider is their assumption that they alone know just what kind of presidential candidate is needed to win elections. 
But the two most surprisingly successful Republican candidates of the past half century — Ronald Reagan and now Donald Trump — bore no resemblance to the candidates who epitomized the Republican establishment’s model, such as Bob Dole, John McCain and Mitt Romney. 
Among others who could also use some rethinking is Donald Trump himself. When he acted like a petulant adolescent, he may have gotten the adulation of his core constituents. But it was only toward the end, when he began to act like a responsible adult seeking the highest office in the land, that he began to overtake Hillary Clinton. 
Donald Trump is a wild card. We don’t know whether he was play-acting when he carried on like a juvenile lout or when he played the role of a mature adult. But he and the country could both benefit from some serious introspection on his part. 
Thomas Sowell is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305. His website is www.tsowell.com. To find out more about Thomas Sowell and read features by other Creators Syndicate columnists and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate webpage at www.creators.com. 
COPYRIGHT 2016 CREATORS.COM Identity Politics in America: a Post-Mortem 0",0
16050,Lawyers in Sumner Redstone Trial Tussle Over Possible Dismissal - The New York Times,"A former lover of the ailing media mogul Sumner M. Redstone, who is waging a legal battle over his mental competency, made a   attempt over the weekend to keep her salacious lawsuit alive. In a filing on Sunday to Judge David J. Cowan of Los Angeles County Superior Court, lawyers for the woman, Manuela Herzer, argued that the court should hear all of the evidence and not dismiss the case, as the judge indicated he might do on Friday after he heard videotaped testimony from Mr. Redstone, a    billionaire.   Ms. Herzer’s legal team outlined two reasons for continuing the trial: First, the lawyers said, the court should not accept Mr. Redstone’s testimony at face value. They said the court was “  to look behind the testimony to determine whether Redstone’s views are those of a man of a sound mind and whether he came to and has maintained these views absent any undue influence. ” The lawyers said that the court must hear all of the evidence from Ms. Herzer to determine the answer to those questions. Second, they said that aborting the trial after one day and three witnesses would be “a great disservice to Redstone’s best interests because, if his decisions are the product of mental illness or undue influence, the proceedings are not only reasonably necessary, but essential, to protect him. ” In their own filing on Sunday, Mr. Redstone’s lawyers appeared to take their lead from Judge Cowan’s remarks in court on Friday, when he expressed wariness over the need to wade through what he called the “all of these shenanigans” in the Redstone household. The court “need not preside over a trial regarding the breakdown of Mr. Redstone and Ms. Herzer’s relationship,” Mr. Redstone’s lawyers said in their new dismissal motion. Ms. Herzer filed suit last November, claiming that Mr. Redstone lacked the capacity to make the decision to remove her from an advance directive that would have put her in charge of his health care. She said she was waging the legal battle out of concern for Mr. Redstone’s  . Lawyers for Mr. Redstone said Ms. Herzer was motivated by greed. On the same day he removed her from the health care directive, he also removed her from his personal estate plan, in which he had planned to leave her $50 million and his $20 million Los Angeles mansion. The trial began Friday with the   videotape of testimony from Mr. Redstone, who has not been seen publicly for nearly a year. After viewing the video, Judge Cowan declared that Mr. Redstone had appeared to forcefully reject the notion that Ms. Herzer should be in charge of his health care, or a part of his life at all. While he said he needed the weekend to consider whether the case should continue, Judge Cowan indicated that Mr. Redstone’s testimony had raised doubts about Ms. Herzer’s position. “Your burden now is a hard one,” he told her legal team after viewing the tape. In their filing on Sunday, Ms. Herzer’s lawyers argued that Mr. Redstone’s vehemence in his testimony may result from “serious cognitive impairment,” and manipulation by his daughter, Shari Redstone. Mr. Redstone’s outbursts “do not indicate that he had capacity, but rather confirm that he lacks” it, they argue. The filing said that to terminate the trial without hearing further evidence would risk setting a precedent with “widespread implications” for hospitals, lawyers and others involved in elder care. “It cannot be that an elderly person  —   particularly an elderly individual whom everyone agrees is susceptible to undue influence  —   can simply state what he wants, and have that accepted as gospel,” the filing said. Mr. Redstone’s lawyers rejected the suggestion that he was manipulated. “Of course, there is not a scintilla of evidence that Mr. Redstone actually wants Ms. Herzer in his life, but was unduly influenced to testify otherwise,” the dismissal motion said. The Redstone team also reiterated a caution it has raised repeatedly: that the salacious details being presented by Ms. Herzer’s lawyers are compromising Mr. Redstone’s “privacy and dignity. ” The possibility of dismissal after one day of testimony opened a path by which Mr. Redstone’s side might quickly prevail in the case. But the first day’s harsh testimony and the lurid details in pretrial filings had already subjected the Redstone family to acute embarrassment, and raised substantial questions about Mr. Redstone’s continued role in his publicly held companies. Mr. Redstone is a director, chairman emeritus and controlling shareholder of CBS and Viacom, two of the world’s largest media companies. The videotaped testimony presented in court on Friday remained confidential, but a transcript that was made public showed a fiery, yet somewhat feeble, man. Mr. Redstone repeatedly referred to Ms. Herzer in expletives and said that he did not want her to be in his life or to make health care decisions for him. Mr. Redstone responded to some basic questions  —   especially those that had yes or no responses  —   but struggled with others. When asked what his birth name had been, for instance, he remained silent. Yet Mr. Redstone did say that he hated Ms. Herzer. When asked about whether he wanted Ms. Herzer to make health care decisions for him, he said, “No. ” He said that the wanted his daughter to make health care decisions if he is unable to do so himself. Also on the witness stand was Dr. Stephen L. Read, a psychiatrist testifying for the Herzer side, who examined Mr. Redstone in late January and said that he lacked   capacity and that his “arithmetic was appallingly bad. ” In one example, he said that Mr. Redstone did a poor job when he was presented with a simple array of colored shapes  —   circles, triangles, stars and squares  —   and asked to identify them by pointing. In court documents over the last five and half months, Ms. Herzer detailed claims about Mr. Redstone’s incontinence, demands to eat steak while on a feeding tube, and obsession with various lovers. In turn, lawyers for Mr. Redstone asserted that Ms. Herzer exploited their relationship for financial gain. They said that between last August and   a period when Ms. Herzer said she was occupied by taking care of Mr. Redstone’s health care, she charged more than $265, 000 to his American Express card. The legal drama has riveted both Hollywood and Wall Street. A decision by the judge that Mr. Redstone was incompetent could set off a contentious succession plan for the two biggest companies in his $42 billion media empire. Upon death, or if he is deemed incompetent, Mr. Redstone’s interests in CBS and Viacom are to be held by an irrevocable trust that was created for his five grandchildren. Among the trust’s seven voting members are Ms. Redstone and Philippe P. Dauman, the chief executive of Viacom. Ms. Redstone and Mr. Dauman have disagreed on how the company should be managed.",0
16051,"50 Years Ago, Truman Capote Hosted the Best Party Ever - The New York Times","What if you gave a party and everybody came? That is precisely what occurred on the drizzly night of Nov. 28, 1966, when 540 of Truman Capote’s nearest and dearest turned out for what the writer insisted on calling his “little masked ball for Kay Graham and all of my friends. ” The evening survives on film and in the recollections of the guests who are still alive 50 years later. It was a party of a kind we are unlikely to see again, given that it allowed for a then   but now more common, coming together of disparate social spheres. “There will never be another first time that somebody like Andy Warhol could step into a room with somebody like Babe Paley,” said Deborah Davis, the author of the 2006 book “Party of the Century: The Fabulous Story of Truman Capote and the Black and White Ball,” referring to one of Capote’s   swans  —   the socialite wife of William Paley, who built the CBS network. Before the Black and White Ball, no one had ever imagined, let alone attended, a formal party with a guest list so wildly catholic that it brought into one room the poet Marianne Moore and Frank Sinatra, Gloria Vanderbilt and Lionel Trilling, Lynda Bird Johnson and the Maharani of Jaipur, the Italian princess Luciana Pignatelli (wearing a   diamond borrowed from Harry Winston) and the documentary filmmaker Albert Maysles. When Capote summoned his pals for a night of dancing (and spaghetti and chicken hash at midnight) he was as famous as he would ever be, and flush with the profits from his critically acclaimed   nonfiction book “In Cold Blood. ” In the Grand Ballroom of the Plaza hotel, starting at 10 o’clock that night, European aristocrats rubbed elbows with novelists and scholars social register blue bloods drank Taittinger Champagne with the denizens of Hollywood and Broadway the stolid   citizens of Garden City, Kan. who had played host to Capote during the years he had spent researching his masterpiece, danced to the Peter Duchin Orchestra alongside the photographer and film director Gordon Parks, who would later joke that he  —   along with Harry Belafonte and Ralph and Fanny Ellison  —   represented “the black of the Black and White Ball. ” In the   since that Monday evening just after Thanksgiving, countless other parties have evoked, interpreted or outright copied Capote’s ball. “There are probably more Black and White Balls at this point than Civil War ” Ms. Davis said. Most memorably, perhaps, the   mogul Sean Combs used the party as a template for a   wingding he tossed for himself in 1998, reportedly spending more than $500, 000 to furnish Cipriani with a translucent monogrammed dance floor and Plexiglas   booths for the amusement of a collection of celebrities, among them Martha Stewart, Ronald Perelman, Sarah Ferguson and Donald J. Trump. Now it is difficult to recall a time when the borders between society and celebrity were sharply delineated and seldom crossed. And in an era when many celebrities attend parties because they have been paid to do so (and post the evidence later on Instagram) it is startling to remember a time when people went to parties to have fun. A certain indulgent pleasure can be had in reliving the innocent wonder that inspired Capote’s Black and White Ball, a party its host had in some ways begun to plan as a precocious, lonely    in Monroeville, Ala. but did not have the social power to pull off until the year of his huge literary success. “Truman had always had a fantasy of the grand world, the smart world, the literary world, each of which was in some ways precious to him,” said Robert Silvers, a founder and editor of The New York Review of Books. “It was tremendously important to Truman to be a star in all of those worlds,” he added, referring the elites of heredity and of accomplishment Capote cultivated with equivalent ardor. “The mixture of all those groups was so obviously an emanation of Truman’s dream. ” Even after a   the party retains a dreamlike aura, one supported by photographs and newsreels that show the guests in black tie and monochrome couture dresses, masks by Adolfo and a young milliner who went by the single name Halston. Sometimes buried in the retellings of the Black and White Ball myth is its guest of honor, Katharine Graham, whose family owned Newsweek and The Washington Post. After the suicide three years earlier of her husband, Philip Graham, Ms. Graham, who would go on to run the newspaper for two of the most noteworthy decades in its storied history, seemed thrust into a role for which she had little preparation, said one party guest, the psychotherapist Gillian Walker. Raised in elite Washington circles, Ms. Walker was a childhood friend of Ms. Graham’s children and thus had a singular perspective on how power was distributed in those   years. “For all those women, those swans, however fancy they were, or whatever, they were still wives,” Ms. Walker said, referring to Ms. Graham, Babe Paley, Slim Keith, Gloria Vanderbilt and Gloria Guinness. “Because of the complexities of his own life, Truman as an outsider understood these women. And what he did for Kay was such a great thing, giving her this party that brought her into the larger world she had left behind when she met Phil. ” The reserves of compassion that were characteristic of his best writing were deeply ingrained in Capote’s nature. Or they were, at least, in the days before his big party, which some consider the writer’s unintended swan song, a final golden moment before he began a descent into drugs and drink. “People forget Truman was very gracious,” said Ashton Hawkins, for decades the senior counsel to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, who was a lawyer on the way up in 1966. He recalled the host taking him by the arm and steering him toward a corner of the ballroom, where Rose Kennedy was stranded alone. “I thought that was fun, that you could sit down with the mother of the president,” Mr. Hawkins said. “Everybody talked to everybody and just sat down where they wanted to sit. ” The relatively loose atmosphere led the bandleader Peter Duchin to later characterize the ball as having “closed an era of elegant exclusiveness and ushered in another of media madness. ” “It was a marvelous party because there was such a mixture of people, all kinds, all ages,” said the jeweler Kenneth Jay Lane, who, at 34, was among the younger attendees. The big moment of the evening for him, Mr. Lane said, was being walked to a gilded settee where the actress Tallulah Bankhead sat holding court and furiously smoking. “I talked to her for about three minutes, but then could say I’d met Tallulah Bankhead,” Mr. Lane said with a laugh. “In the old days, it wasn’t a publicist society, and now it’s all publicists. People then had publicists to keep their names out of the papers, and nobody’d ever been to Kardashia. ” From the first, Mr. Capote had a canny understanding of fame and a prescient sense of celebrity’s untapped potential. Limiting press attendance inside the party to four   journalists  —   including one, Charlotte Curtis, from this newspaper  —   he heightened its air of exclusivity while managing potential criticism about the affair’s overall modesty. European guests familiar with, say, the heady opulence of Carlos de Beistegui’s 1951 masked ball held at the Palazzo Labia in Venice, were heard to snipe about Capote’s modest supper menu and    décor. Yet, in a sense, they were missing the point. Capote understood that the ball’s true ornaments were its boldface attendees, even going so far as to provide The Times with a guest list, which the newspaper published the following day. Never mind that some of those listed, like Greta Garbo, were not actually at the party. The effect had been achieved. Before The Times published a “List of Those Who Were Invited to the Party at the Plaza Hotel,” that distinction had been reserved mainly for White House dinners and the like. In many ways, the Black and White Ball served as a signpost pointing the way to Kardashia, that mythical land where accomplishment is largely optional and fame is an end unto itself. And it also served to help blur forever the lines separating public from private. Of the attendees wearing masks, “There was something radically democratic in the notion of inviting these very famous people to a party and then telling them to hide their faces,” Ms. Davis said. At the last minute, though, the canny host had someone announce each of the guests as they arrived. Almost until that night 50 years ago, said the editor and publisher Jason Epstein, New York society observed the rigid   system it had followed since the Knickerbocker days, one dominated by a handful of families not much different from those depicted by Edith Wharton and Henry James. “Then here came this    gay fellow who conquered society to the extent that he gave that party,” Mr. Epstein said. “Truman created this new class of talented,   funny people, and that lasted for quite a long time. Who really knows what is society in New York anymore?”",0
16052,John Podesta's Best Friend At The DOJ Will Be In Charge Of The DOJ's Probe Into Huma Abedin Emails,"Trending Articles: Trending Articles: John Podesta's Best Friend At The DOJ Will Be In Charge Of The DOJ's Probe Into Huma Abedin Emails   Source: Zero Hedge 
Now that the FBI has obtained the needed warrant to start poring over the 650,000 or so emails uncovered in Anthony Weiner's notebook, among which thousands of emails sent from Huma Abedin using Hillary Clinton's personal server, moments ago the US Justice Department announced it is also joining the probe, and as AP reported moments ago, vowed to dedicate all needed resources to quickly review the over half a million emails in the Clinton case. BREAKING: Justice Dept. says it'll dedicate all needed resources to quickly review emails in Clinton case. 
— The Associated Press (@AP) October 31, 2016 
In the letter to Congress, the DOJ writes that it “will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible,” assistant attorney General Peter J. Kadzik writes in letters to House and Senate lawmakers. #BREAKING Senior DOJ official sends letter to lawmakers responding to request for more information about email review. #8days pic.twitter.com/PCgT2ODkQd 
— Just the Facts (@JTF_News) October 31, 2016 
So far so good, even if one wonders just how active the DOJ will be in a case that has shown an unprecedented schism between the politically influenced Department of Justice and the FBI. 
And yet, something felt odd about this. 
Kadzik... Kadzik... where have we heard that name? 
Oh yes. Recall our post from last week, "" Clinton Campaign Chair Had Dinner With Top DOJ Official One Day After Hillary's Benghazi Hearing "" in which we reported that John Podesta had dinner with one of the highest ranked DOJ officials the very day after Hillary Clinton's Benghazi testimony? 
It was Peter Kadzik. 
In other words, the best friend of John Podesta, Clinton's Campaign char, at the DOJ will be in charge of a probe that could potentially sink Hillary Clinton. 
For those who missed it, this is what we reported previously: 
The day after Hillary Clinton testified in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October, John Podesta, Hillary's campaign chairman met for dinner with a small group of well-connected friends, including Peter Kadzik, who is currently a top official at the US Justice Department serving as Assistant Attorney General for Legislative Affairs. 

The post-Benghazi dinner was attended by Podesta, Kadzik, superlobbyist Vincent Roberti and other well-placed Beltway fixtures. The first mention of personal contact between Podesta and Kadzik in the Wikileaks dump is in an Oct. 23, 2015 email sent out by Vincent Roberti, a lobbyist who is close to Podesta and his superlobbyist brother, Tony Podesta. In it, Roberti refers to a dinner reservation at Posto, a Washington D.C. restaurant. The dinner was set for 7:30 that evening, just one day after Clinton gave 11 hours of testimony to the Benghazi Committee. 

Podesta and Kadzik met several months later for dinner at Podesta’s home, another email shows . Another email sent on May 5, 2015 , Kadzik’s son asked Podesta for a job on the Clinton campaign. 
As the Daily Caller noted , the dinner arrangement ""is just the latest example of an apparent conflict of interest between the Clinton campaign and the federal agency charged with investigating the former secretary of state’s email practices."" As one former U.S. Attorney tells told the DC, the exchanges are another example of the Clinton campaign’s “cozy relationship” with the Obama Justice Department. 
The hacked emails confirm that Podesta and Kadzik were in frequent contact. In one email from January, Kadzik and Podesta, who were classmates at Georgetown Law School in the 1970s, discussed plans to celebrate Podesta’s birthday. And in another sent last May, Kadzik’s son emailed Podesta asking for a job on the Clinton campaign. 
“The political appointees in the Obama administration, especially in the Department of Justice, appear to be very partisan in nature and I don’t think had clean hands when it comes to the investigation of the private email server,” says Matthew Whitaker, the executive director of the Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust, a government watchdog group. 
“It’s the kind of thing the American people are frustrated about is that the politically powerful have insider access and have these kind of relationships that ultimately appear to always break to the benefit of Hillary Clinton,” he added, comparing the Podesta-Kadzik meetings to the revelation that Attorney General Loretta Lynch met in private with Bill Clinton at the airport in Phoenix days before the FBI and DOJ investigating Hillary Clinton. 
Kadzik's role at the DOJ, where he started in 2013, is particularly notable Kadzik, as helped spearhead the effort to nominate Lynch, who was heavily criticized for her secret meeting with the former president. 
It gets better because, as we further revealed, if there is one person in the DOJ who is John Podesta's, and thus the Clinton Foundation's inside man, it is Peter Kadjik. 
Kadzik represented Podesta during the Monica Lewinsky investigation. And in the waning days of the Bill Clinton administration, Kadzik lobbied Podesta on behalf of Marc Rich, the fugitive who Bill Clinton controversially pardoned on his last day in office. That history is cited by Podesta in another email hacked from his Gmail account. In a Sept. 2008 email , which the Washington Free Beacon flagged last week, Podesta emailed an Obama campaign official to recommend Kadzik for a supportive role in the campaign. Podesta, who would later head up the Obama White House transition effort, wrote that Kadzik was a “fantastic lawyer” who “kept me out of jail.” 
Podesta was caught in a sticky situation in both the Lewinsky affair and the Rich pardon scandal. As deputy chief of staff to Clinton in 1996, Podesta asked then-United Nations ambassador Bill Richardson to hire the 23-year-old Lewinsky . In April 1996, the White House transferred Lewinsky from her job as a White House intern to the Pentagon in order to keep her and Bill Clinton separate. But the Clinton team also wanted to keep Lewinsky happy so that she would not spill the beans about her sexual relationship with Clinton. 
Richardson later recounted in his autobiography that he offered Lewinsky the position but that she declined it. 
Podesta made false statements to a grand jury impaneled by Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr for the investigation . But he defended the falsehoods, saying later that he was merely relaying false information from Clinton that he did not know was inaccurate at the time. “He did lie to me,” Podesta said about Clinton in a National Public Radio interview in 1998. Clinton was acquitted by the Senate in Feb. 1999 of perjury and obstruction of justice charges related to the Lewinsky probe. Kadzik, then a lawyer with the firm Dickstein Shapiro Morin & Oshinsky, represented Podesta through the fiasco. 
Podesta had been promoted to Clinton’s chief of staff when he and Kadzik became embroiled in another scandal. 
Kadzik was then representing Marc Rich, a billionaire financier who was wanted by the U.S. government for evading a $48 million tax bill. The fugitive, who was also implicated in illegal trading activity with nations that sponsored terrorism, had been living in Switzerland for 17 years when he sought the pardon. To help Rich, Kadzik lobbied Podesta heavily in the weeks before Clinton left office on Jan. 20, 2001. A House Oversight Committee report released in May 2002 stated that “Kadzik was recruited into Marc Rich’s lobbying campaign because he was a long-time friend of White House Chief of Staff John Podesta.” 
The report noted that Kadzik contacted Podesta at least seven times regarding Rich’s pardon. On top of the all-hands-on-deck lobbying effort, Rich’s ex-wife, Denise Rich, had doled out more than $1 million to the Clintons and other Democrats prior to the pardon . She gave $100,000 to Hillary Clinton’s New York Senate campaign and another $450,000 to the Clinton presidential library. 
Kadzik's current role 
In his current role as head of the Office of Legislative Affairs, Kadzik handles inquiries from Congress on a variety of issues. In that role he was not in the direct chain of command on the Clinton investigation. The Justice Department and FBI have insisted that career investigators oversaw the investigation, which concluded in July with no charges filed against Clinton. 
But Kadzik worked on other Clinton email issues in his dealings with Congress. Last November, he denied a request from Republican lawmakers to appoint a special counsel to lead the investigation. 
In a Feb. 1, 2016 letter in response to Kadzik, Florida Rep. Ron DeSantis noted that Kadzik had explained “that special counsel may be appointed at the discretion of the Attorney General when an investigation or prosecution by the Department of Justice would create a potential conflict of interest.” 
DeSantis, a Republican, suggested that Lynch’s appointment by Bill Clinton in 1999 as U.S. Attorney in New York may be considered a conflict of interest. He also asserted that Obama’s political appointees — a list which includes Kadzik —“are being asked to impartially execute their respective duties as Department of Justice officials that may involve an investigation into the activities of the forerunner for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States.” 
It is unknown if Kadzik responded to DeSantis’ questions. 
Kadzik’s first involvement in the Clinton email brouhaha came in a Sept. 24, 2015 response letter to Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Chuck Grassley in which he declined to confirm or deny whether the DOJ was investigating Clinton. Last month, Politico reported that Kadzik angered Republican lawmakers when, in a classified briefing, he declined to say whether Clinton aides who received DOJ immunity were required to cooperate with congressional probes. 
Kadzik also testified at a House Oversight Committee hearing last month on the issue of classifications and redactions in the FBI’s files of the Clinton email investigation. 
Finally, it is also worth noting that Kadzik's wife, Amy Weiss , currently at Weiss Public Affairs worked on the 1992 Clinton/Gore Campaign as a Press Secretary, and Communications Director for the Democratic National Committee, and a White House Deputy Assistant to the President/ Deputy Press Secretary to President Bill Clinton. 
* * * 
And now it seems that Kadzik will be in charge of the DOJ's ""probe"" into Huma Abedin's emails. Which is why we are a little skeptical the DOJ will find ""anything"" of note.",0
16053,Russia And North Korea will destroy USA in World War 3,source Add To The Conversation Using Facebook Comments,0
16054,"Emperor Akihito of Japan Plans to Abdicate Throne, Broadcaster Says - The New York Times","TOKYO  —   For the first time in nearly two centuries, an emperor of Japan has said that he will abdicate the throne before he dies. According to NHK, the public broadcaster in Japan, Emperor Akihito, 82, who in 1989 succeeded his father, the wartime emperor Hirohito, told close aides that he intended to pass the throne to his son, Crown Prince Naruhito, 56, before he dies. No modern emperor has done so: The last emperor to abdicate was Emperor Kokaku, in 1817. The emperor’s role is now entirely ceremonial. Until the end of World War II, the Japanese public revered the emperor as a demigod, and he served as commander in chief of the army. After Emperor Hirohito surrendered at the end of World War II, the country’s American occupiers stripped him of all political authority. Today, many Japanese still hold the emperor in high regard. According to NHK, Emperor Akihito, who was treated for prostate cancer in 2003 and underwent heart surgery in 2012, plans to make a formal announcement shortly. “It’s a tiring job,” said Robert Dujarric, director of the Institute of Contemporary Asian Studies at Temple University in Tokyo. “He’s getting old. ” Emperor Akihito may be trying to avoid the drama of his own succession. His father was ill for many years before his death. “This emperor seems to want to make it easier and make it more matter of fact,” said Sheila A. Smith, senior fellow for Japan studies at the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington. After the NHK report, however, the Asahi Shimbun, a   newspaper, reported that Shinichiro Yamamoto, deputy director of the Imperial Household Agency, denied the abdication report, saying that the emperor had “no such intention. ” A spokesman for the Imperial Household Agency could not immediately be reached for comment. The report of the planned abdication comes just three days after the Liberal Democratic Party of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and its allies won a commanding victory in parliamentary elections, capturing   of the seats in the upper house, the amount required to initiate a constitutional revision. Mr. Abe has long had an ambition to overturn the constitutional clause that calls for Japan’s complete renunciation of war. Although the emperor has no official political authority, Prince Naruhito could offer a counterpoint to Mr. Abe’s goals. He has repeatedly commended the pacifist Constitution written by the American occupiers in 1947. On the eve of his 55th birthday, in 2015, Prince Naruhito praised the Constitution and said he wanted to “engrave in the mind the preciousness of the peace. ” For the emperor to abdicate, Parliament would have to revise the imperial law, which stipulates that the throne passes on after the death of the monarch.",0
16055,Trump Expected to Sign Religious Liberty Executive Order - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump is expected to sign an executive order on religious liberty issues on Thursday  —   the National Day of Prayer. [According to Politico, two White House senior officials confirmed that Trump will sign the order but would not release the details of the latest draft. A prior draft of the order, however  —   leaked to the   Nation in February  —   reportedly would “create wholesale exemptions for people and organizations who claim religious objections to   marriage, premarital sex, abortion, and trans identity. ”  The leak of the original draft to the Nation, says Politico, was “the handiwork, many conservatives believed, of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner, who have sought to project themselves as friendly to the LGBT community. ” Leftwing groups condemned the draft executive order as overtly discriminatory. The Nation continued: The   draft order, a copy of which is currently circulating among federal staff and advocacy organizations, construes religious organizations so broadly that it covers “any organization, including closely held   corporations,” and protects “religious freedom” in every walk of life: “when providing social services, education, or healthcare earning a living, seeking a job, or employing others receiving government grants or contracts or otherwise participating in the marketplace, the public square, or interfacing with Federal, State or local governments. In a statement released Wednesday, Father Frank Pavone, national director of Priests for Life, said the report of the order is “very welcome news. ” “Speaking as one who has spent the last five years in federal courts  —   and who is still in court  —   defending the right of religious groups and individuals to practice our beliefs, President Trump’s anticipated executive order is cause for celebration,” Pavone said. “For far too long, government has been trying to confine faith to the four walls of houses of worship. I’m confident that President Trump’s order will reinforce the Constitution’s guarantee that our religious beliefs are to be protected, not attacked. ” Reports of the new executive order come amid complaints that the Trump Department of Justice is still continuing its contraceptive mandate cases against religious   such as the Little Sisters of the Poor. Catholic News Agency reports the plaintiffs in these cases expected the federal government would drop its appeals once Trump took office. However, the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty  —   which represents many of the plaintiffs in the HHS contraceptive mandate cases  —   observed that the Obama administration’s lawyers who litigated these cases are still on board in the Trump Department of Justice. During his presidential campaign, Trump had promised faith leaders and employers relief from the Obamacare mandate that requires most employers to provide contraception,   drugs, and sterilization procedures to their workers in health insurance plans. In a letter to the Catholic Leadership Conference last October, Trump told Catholic leaders prior to the November election that Hillary Clinton’s support for the HHS mandate “is a hostility to religious liberty you will never see in a Trump Administration. ” Trump wrote: On life, I am, and will remain,  . I will defend your religious liberties and the right to fully and freely practice your religion, as individuals, business owners and academic institutions. I will make absolutely certain religious orders like The Little Sisters of Poor are not bullied by the federal government because of their religious beliefs. “We are grateful to have a president who is committed to defending a value so basic to Americans as religious freedom,” Pavone said. “We look forward not only to his executive actions, but also to legislation that will further protect religious liberty from unjust government mandates and from the oppressive restrictions of such measures as the Johnson Amendment. ”",0
16056,John Podesta’s New Global Order,"Accuracy in Media – by Cliff Kincaid 
In one of her secret speeches, Hillary Clinton said, “My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders…” Before this comment was revealed, Adam Taylor of The Washington Post tried to assure everyone that the idea of a North American Union, like the meddlesome and bureaucratic European Union, was dead. Such talk, he said, emanated from “fringe websites” and “conspiracy theorists.” 
The Hillary speech was made to a Brazilian bank known as Itaú BBA, which describes itself as “Latin America’s largest Corporate & Investment Bank” and part of the Itaú Unibanco group, “one of the world’s largest financial conglomerates.” 
The problem for Taylor and other faux journalists is that there is a whole body of research on the topic of a “ North American Law Project ,” designed to integrate the legal systems of the U.S., Canada and Mexico. The project is run out of American University’s Center for North American Studies, where students can concentrate in North American Studies . As a matter of fact, such degrees are being offered by several different colleges and universities, including Canada’s McGill University . 
Passed in 1993, NAFTA, the North American Free Trade Agreement, began the process of harmonizing laws among the U.S., Canada and Mexico. But the Council on Foreign Relations admits that the U.S.-Mexico trade balance swung from a $1.7 billion U.S. surplus in 1993 to a $54 billion deficit by 2014. This has led to a loss of about 600,000 jobs. 
In addition to shipping jobs to Mexico, NAFTA constituted subversion of our constitutional system. President Clinton submitted NAFTA as an agreement, requiring only a majority of votes in both Houses of Congress for passage, and not a treaty, which would have required a two-thirds vote in favor in the Senate. NAFTA passed by votes of 234-200 in the House and 61-38 in the Senate. 
A money crash soon followed in 1995 as Mexico was hit by a peso crisis, and a U.S. bailout was arranged. Congress would not bail out Mexico, so Clinton arranged for loans and guarantees to Mexico totaling almost $40 billion through the International Monetary Fund and the “Exchange Stabilization Fund.” 
Meanwhile, pressure has been building for the creation of a “North American Community”—also known as a “North American Union”—with regular meetings involving the leaders of the three countries. On June 29, 2016, the Obama White House issued a fact sheet on this year’s “North American Leaders’ Summit.” It said, “The economies of the United States, Canada, and Mexico are deeply integrated. Canada and Mexico are our second and third largest trading partners. Our trade with them exceeds $1.2 trillion dollars annually.” 
The leaders of these countries agreed to establish a “North American Caucus” to “more effectively work in concert on regional and global issues by holding semi-annual coordination meetings among our foreign ministries.” One item on the agenda was for the leaders to reaffirm “North America’s strong support for [Colombian] President Santos’s efforts to finalize a peace accord with the FARC guerrillas.” That fell apart on October 2 when a “peace deal” with the communist terrorists was voted down by the people of Colombia. 
But notice how these leaders claim to speak for “North America.” 
Going global, they also declared, “North America is committed to joint and coordinated actions to implement the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, including the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the Addis Ababa Action Agenda.” 
This is U.N.-speak for global taxes and other forms of foreign aid from the U.S. to the rest of the world. 
We noted in a column last year that the American people, through their elected representatives, have had absolutely no input in developing the new global agenda that President Obama has tried to implement without the input or approval of Congress. 
Interestingly, one of those deeply involved in this global agenda, as we noted at the time, was John Podesta, the chairman of the 2016 Hillary Clinton presidential campaign who previously served as counselor to Obama. Podesta’s emails are at the center of the WikiLeaks disclosures about the operations of the Clinton campaign, the Clinton Foundation and the Democratic Party. 
Podesta, founder of the George Soros-funded Center for American Progress and a member of the elitist Trilateral Commission , went to work for Obama as a senior policy consultant on climate change. A liberal Catholic, he has been a professor at Georgetown Law School. One of the leaked emails shows Podesta saying that he applauds the work of Pope Francis on climate change and that “all my Jesuit friends say the Pope is the real deal.” 
Podesta was picked by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to be a member of the “high-level panel” of “eminent persons” planning the future of the globe. This so-called “High Level Panel on the Post-2015 Development Agenda” released an 81-page report titled, “A New Global Partnership: Eradicate Poverty and Transform Economies through Sustainable Development.” 
“In simplest terms,” explains Patrick Wood, author of Technocracy Rising: The Trojan Horse of Global Transformation , “Sustainable Development is a replacement economic system for capitalism and free enterprise. It is a system based on resource allocation and usage rather than on supply and demand and free economic market forces.” 
In this context, Wood argues that the major significance of the transfer of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) is not the immediate need by the U.N. or some countries to censor websites, but to generate revenue for global purposes. ICANN will do this, he argues, through management of the so-called Internet of Things (IoT), the links between the Internet and networks, electronic devices and embedded technology with IP addresses. “IoT are the connections between inanimate objects and the humans that depend upon them,” he notes. To accomplish this, ICANN has devised a new IP numbering system called IPV6, described as the “ vital expansion ” of the Internet. 
“In terms of ‘follow the money,’ IoT is expected to generate upwards of $3 trillion by 2025 and is growing at a rate of at least 30 percent per year,” Wood argues . “In other words, it is a huge market and money is flying everywhere. If the UN can figure out a way to tax this market, and they will, it will provide a windfall of income and perhaps enough to make it self-perpetuating.” 
He adds, “Congress never understood this when they passively let Obama fail to renew our contract with ICANN. However, Obama and his globalist handlers understood it perfectly well, which makes the deception and treachery of it even worse.” 
Under the cover of “sustainable development,” Wood predicts the Internet will be used to construct a massive database on human activities, in order to monitor and control nations’ and peoples’ access to resources. It will constitute ultimate socialist control and a form of “digital slavery,” from which he warns there may be no return. 
Cliff Kincaid is the Director of the AIM Center for Investigative Journalism and can be contacted at cliff.kincaid@aim.org. View the complete archives from Cliff Kincaid .",0
16058,"Project Veritas 4: Robert Creamer's Illegal $20,000 Foreign Wire Transfer Caught On Tape | RedFlag News","
Zero Hedge 
Project Veritas has just released Part IV of it's multi-part series exposing numerous scandals surrounding the DNC and the Clinton campaign, including efforts to incite violence at Trump rallies and, at least what seems to be, illegal coordination between the DNC, Hillary For America and various Super PACs. 
Part IV focuses on a $20,000 foreign donation made by an undercover Project Veritas journalist to Americans United for Change (AUFC). Ironically, shortly after the $20k donation wire was released, the contributor's ""niece"" was offered an internship with Creamer's firm, Democracy Partners. 
In the new video, Creamer says: “Every morning I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign headquarters … I am in this campaign mainly to deal with what earned media with television, radio, with earned media and social media, not with paid media, not with advertising.” He also mentions a conference call discussing a woman potentially coming forward to accuse Trump of inappropriate behavior. 
Creamer, a seasoned Chicago activist who is married to Rep. Jan Schakowsky (D-IL), whose Republican opponent, Joan McCarthy Lasonde has called for her to resign over her husband’s activities, also talks about his work with Barack Obama, whom he says he has known since the 1980s, when Obama was a community organizer in Chicago: “He’s a pro, I’ve known the President since he was a community organizer in Chicago.” 
Elsewhere, Creamer adds: “I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues, helping to run issue campaigns that they have been involved in. I mean, for immigration reform for the… the health care bill, for trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues.” ",0
16059,"ABC’s Stephanopoulos: Trump in Denial Amid Questions About His Competence, Credibility - Breitbart","Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” host George Stephanopoulos said President Donald Trump was “in a bit of denial amid these big questions” about his competence and credibility.  Stephanopoulos said, “Picking up on what you were saying, also sort of fixing problems, you have to first confront them, accept them. It does seem like the president is in a bit of denial amid these big questions about both his competence which you saw Senator Schumer raise and his credibility. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
16060,Tasmanian Devil Milk is capable of killing the most deadly superbugs,"Tasmanian Devil Milk is capable of killing the most deadly superbugs 
Thursday, October 27, 2016 by: David Gutierrez, staff writer Tags: superbugs , drug resistance , Tasmanian Devils (NaturalNews) Milk from Tasmanian devils and other marsupials may be a natural cure for antibiotic-resistant infections, suggests a study conducted by researchers from the University of Sydney and published in the journal Scientific Reports. The researchers found that the milk contains no fewer than six compounds capable of killing some of the world's worst superbugs .Unlike placental mammals (including humans), which gestate their young within the mother's body, marsupials give birth after just a few weeks to highly immature offspring -- mobile fetuses, essentially -- that still need to complete significant development in their mother's pouch.In particular, the immune systems of newborn marsupials are highly underdeveloped. Because a marsupial's pouch is a significantly less controlled environment than a placental mammal's uterus, researchers wondered if newborn marsupials might need -- and get -- an extra immune boost. Six times as potent as human milk? A previous study, conducted in 2015, cataloged many of the microbes that naturally make up the microbiome of the Tasmanian devil's pouch. These included several disease-causing organisms.""There are potential pathogens present in the devil microbiome, so the fact that the under-developed young in the pouch don't get sick was a clue something interesting was going on,"" co-author Emma Peel said. ""That's what inspired our most recent study.""For the new study, the researchers analyzed the Tasmanian devil's genome for genes coding for antimicrobial peptides called cathelicidins. They found that Tasmanian devil milk contains six different types of cathelicidin.For comparison, human milk, with all its antimicrobial and immune-boosting properties, contains just a single cathelicidin.The researchers artificially synthesized the peptides, then tested them against several known superbugs, including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and Enterococci. The peptides killed every type of microbe they were tested against. Although the researchers had expected to find some antimicrobial effect, the potency of the peptides surprised them.""We showed that these devil peptides kill multi-drug resistant bacteria,"" Peel said, ""which is really cool.""Many marsupials have even more cathelicidins in their milk than Tasmanian devils. Wallabies have eight, for instance, while opossums (a Western hemisphere species) have 12.Preliminary results have also shown that similar antimicrobial peptides are found in koala milk. The global threat of superbugs Although MRSA has gotten most of the media attention, other superbugs such as Enterococci can also be highly dangerous. These bacteria -- which, like MRSA, often naturally occur on or in the human body -- can cause infections at several different sites. While such infections are minor if treated, Enterococci are growing increasingly antibiotic resistant.Health experts were alarmed recently when more strains of Enterococcus started turning up resistant to the antibiotic vancomycin.""Vancomycin is a pretty potent antibiotic and if a bug is resistant to that, then there aren't a lot of drug options available to you,"" Peel said.Margaret Chan, director-general of the World Health Organization, recently called antibiotic resistance ""a fundamental threat to human health, development and security"".And the United Kingdom's Review on Antimicrobial Resistance recently concluded that unless urgent action is taken to stem the spread of drug resistance , superbugs will kill 10 million people annually by 2050. That's more than the combined death toll of cancer and diabetes.Shockingly, that review estimated deaths from only six varieties of superbug: Klebsiella pneumoniae, E. coli, MRSA, HIV, TB and malaria.Researchers estimate that today, superbugs kill ""only"" 700,000 people a year. The number is expected to rise so dramatically due to the spread of drug-resistance genes through microbial populations, combined with the ongoing evolution of resistance to new drugs.The Review on Antimicrobial Resistance also failed to estimate the deaths that would come from people being unable to gain medical care, such as surgery or cancer treatment, that would be lethal without the use of reliable antibiotics. Sources for this article include:",0
16061,“America has lost” in the Philippines,"shorty PEPE ESCOBAR “Your honors, in this venue I announce my separation from the United States…both in military and economics also.” T hus Philippines President Rodrigo “The Punisher” Duterte unleashed a geopolitical earthquake encompassing Eurasia and reverberating all across the Pacific Ocean.
And talk about choosing his venue with aplomb; right in the heart of the Rising Dragon, no less. 
Capping his state visit to Beijing, Duterte then coined the mantra – pregnant with overtones – that will keep ringing all across the global South; “America has lost.” 
And if that was not enough, he announced a new alliance – Philippines, China and Russia – is about to emerge; “there are three of us against the world.” 
Predictably, the Beltway establishment in the “indispensable nation” went bananas, reacting as “puzzled” or in outright anger, dispersing the usual expletives on the “crude populist”, “unhinged leader”. 
The bottom line is that it takes a lot of balls for the leader of a poor, developing country, in Southeast Asia or elsewhere, to openly defy the hyperpower. Yet what Duterte is gaming at is pure realpolitik; if he prevails, he will be able to deftly play the US against China to the benefit of Filipino interests. 
“The springtime of our relationship” 
It did start with a bang; during Duterte’s China visit, Manila inked no less than $13 billion in deals with Beijing – from trade and investment to drug control, maritime security and infrastructure. 
Beijing pulled out all stops to make Duterte feel welcomed. 
President Xi Jinping suggested Manila and Beijing should “temporarily put aside” the intractable South China Sea disputes and learn from the “political wisdom” of history – as in give space to diplomatic talks. After all, the two peoples were “blood-linked brothers.” 
Duterte replied in kind; “Even as we arrive in Beijing close to winter, this is the springtime of our relationship,” he told Xi at the Great Hall of the People. 
China is already the Philippines’ second-largest trade partner, behind Japan, the US and Singapore. Filipino exports to these three are at roughly 42.7 percent of the total, compared to 22.1 to China/Hong Kong. Imports from China are roughly 16.1 percent of the total. Even as trade with China is bound to rise, what really matters for Duterte is massive Chinese infrastructure investment. 
What this will mean in practice is indeed ground-breaking; the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) will definitely be involved in Philippine economic development; Manila will be more involved in promoting smooth China-ASEAN relations in all sorts of regional issues (it takes the rotating chair of ASEAN in 2017); and the Philippines will be more integrated in the New Silk Roads, a.k.a. One Belt, One Road (OBOR). 
Three strikes; no wonder the US is out. And there’s even a fourth strike, embedded in Duterte’s promise that he will soon end military cooperation with the US, despite the opposition of part of the Filipino armed forces. 
Watch the First Island Chain 
The build-up had already been dramatic enough. On the eve of his meeting with Xi, talking to members of the Filipino community in Beijing, Duterte said, “it’s time to say goodbye” to the US; “I will not ask but if they (the Chinese) offer and if they’ll ask me, do you need this aid? [I will say] Of course, we are very poor.” 
Then the clincher; “I will not go to America anymore … We will just be insulted there.” Naval Base Subic Bay was a major ship-repair, supply, and rest and recreation facility of the Spanish Navy and subsequently the United States Navy located in Olongapo, Zambales, Philippines. The base was 262 square miles, about the size of Singapore. It was finally turned over to the Filipino government in 1992. 
The US was the colonial power in the Philippines from 1899 to 1942. Hollywood permeates the collective unconscious. English is the lingua franca – side by side with tagalog. But the tentacles of Uncle Sam’s “protection” racket are not exactly welcomed. Two of the largest components of the US Empire of Bases were located for decades in the Philippines; Clark Air Force Base and Subic Bay Naval Base. 
Clark, occupying 230 square miles, with 15,000 people, was busy to death during the Vietnam War – the main hub for men and hardware in and out of Saigon. Then it turned into one of those Pentagon “forward operating” HQs. Subic, occupying 260 square miles, was as busy as Clark. It was the forward operating base for the US 7th Fleet. 
Already in 1987, before the end of the Cold War, the RAND corporation was alarmed by the loss of both bases; that would be “devastating for regional security”. Devastating” in the – mythical – sense of “defending the interests of ASEAN” and the “security of the sea-lanes”. 
Translation; the Pentagon and the US Navy would lose a key instrument of pressure over ASEAN, as protecting the “security of the sea-lanes” was always the key justification for those bases. 
And lose they eventually did; Clark was closed down in November 1991, and Subic in November 1992. 
It took years for China to sense an opening – and profit from it; after all during the 1990s and the early 2000s, the absolute priority was breakneck speed internal development. But then Beijing did the math; no more US bases opened untold vistas as far as the First Island Chain is concerned. 
The First Island Chain is a product, over millennia, of the fabulous tectonic forces of the Ring of Fire; a chain of islands running from southern Japan in the north to Borneo in the south. For Beijing, they work as a sort of shield for the Chinese eastern seaboard; if this chain is secure, Asia is secure. 
For all practical purposes, Beijing considers the First Island Chain as a non-negotiable Western Pacific demarcation zone – ideally with no foreign (as in US) interference. The South China Sea – which in parts is characterized by Manila as the Western Philippine Sea – is inside the First Island Chain. So to really secure the First Island Chain, the South China Sea must be free of foreign interference. 
And here we are plunged at the heart of arguably the key 21st century hotspot in Asian geopolitics – the main reason for the Obama administration’s pivot to Asia. 
The US Navy so far counted on the Philippines to oppose the proverbial, hyped up “Chinese aggression” in the South China and East China seas. The neocon/neoliberalcon industrial-military complex fury against “unhinged” Duterte’s game-changer is that containing China and ruling over the First Island Chain has been at the core of US naval strategy since the beginning of the Cold War. 
Beijing, meanwhile, will have all the time needed to polish its strategic environment. This has nothing to do with “freedom of navigation” and protecting sea-lanes; everyone needs South China Sea cross-trade. It’s all about China – perhaps within the next ten years – being able to deny “access” to the US Navy in the South China Sea and inside the First Island Chain. 
Duterte’s game-changing “America has lost” is just a new salvo in arguably the key 21st century geopolitical thriller. A Supreme Court justice in Manila, for instance, has warned Duterte that, were he to give up sovereignty over the Scarborough Shoal, he could be impeached. That won’t happen; Duterte wants loads of Chinese trade and investment, not abdicate from sovereignty. He’d rather be ready to confront being demonized by the hyperpower as much as the late Hugo Chavez was in his heyday. 
Crossposted with Strategic Culture , first iteration. NOTE: ALL IMAGE CAPTIONS, PULL QUOTES AND COMMENTARY BY THE EDITORS, NOT THE AUTHORS PLEASE COMMENT AND DEBATE DIRECTLY ON OUR FACEBOOK GROUP INSTALLATION ABOUT THE AUTHOR Pepe Escobar is the author of Globalistan: How the Globalized World is Dissolving into Liquid War (Nimble Books, 2007), Red Zone Blues: a snapshot of Baghdad during the surge and Obama does Globalistan (Nimble Books, 2009). His latest book is Empire of Chaos . He may be reached at pepeasia@yahoo.com .   
What will it take to bring America to live according to its own propaganda? =SUBSCRIBE TODAY! NOTHING TO LOSE, EVERYTHING TO GAIN.= free • safe • invaluable If you appreciate our articles, do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. It’s free and it implies no obligation to you— ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Greanville Post several times a week.",0
16062,Eastenders gets the 8-bit treatment in “Super Mitchell Bros”,"Next Prev Swipe left/right Eastenders gets the 8-bit treatment in “Super Mitchell Bros” Inspired by the success of Super Mario Bros, Nintendo released an Eastenders tie-in where you play as a drunken, crack pipe smoking Phil Mitchell as he fights his way through Albert Square.",0
16063,"Narendra Modi’s B.J.P. Party Wins Big in Uttar Pradesh, India’s Largest State - The New York Times","NEW DELHI  —   Prime Minister Narendra Modi led his party to a landslide victory in India’s largest state on Saturday, consolidating his power and putting him in a strong position to win   in 2019. The scale of the victory in Uttar Pradesh’s legislative elections was all the more stunning because it followed Mr. Modi’s politically risky decision to eliminate most of India’s cash. The vote was seen as a referendum on the prime minister, who campaigned vigorously in recent days in Uttar Pradesh, which, with a population of more than 200 million, would be the world’s sixth largest country if it were independent. “This is a stupendous achievement,” said Ashok Malik, a fellow with the Observer Research Foundation, based in New Delhi. “Here you had a prime minister making himself the face of the election in the absence of a local leader and stitching together a coalition across the state. ” The margin of victory in Uttar Pradesh was the largest seen by any party in more than 30 years. It gives Mr. Modi a significant advantage in the national elections in 2019, which in turn would bring him closer to his   goal of becoming a leader of historic significance, steering India away from its more socialist, secular past. Mr. Modi’s Bharatiya Janata Party, commonly called the B. J. P. also won at least one of four other state elections in which ballots were being counted on Saturday. The weakening India National Congress party, which once dominated the nation’s politics, won in Punjab, a powerful farming state, and remained in contention in two smaller states, showing that it was still a factor nationally, though less so than in years past. The Aam Aadmi Party, born of the anticorruption movement that has arisen in India in recent years, failed to win any state, suggesting that it was not yet ready to take over from the Congress party as the main opposition to Mr. Modi. Mr. Modi said on Twitter that his party’s victories were “humbling and overwhelming. ” In Uttar Pradesh, the Election Commission of India said the Bharatiya Janata Party had won or was leading in voting for 308 of the 403 seats in the state legislature, decimating the     coalition cobbled together by Congress and the local governing party, the Samajwadi Party. By Saturday afternoon, that coalition had garnered only 57 seats. The coalition had appeared to be gaining steam after it was formed early this year, led by the dynamic, relatively young leader of the Samajwadi Party, Akhilesh Yadav, 43, whose father founded the party and presided over it for decades. That party and the Bahujan Samaj Party, commonly known as the B. S. P. have taken turns governing Uttar Pradesh in recent decades, in each case putting together coalitions that consisted mainly of the party leader’s caste group along with Muslims. But on Saturday afternoon, the B. S. P. led by Kumari Mayawati, a leader of the Dalit caste, won or was leading in only 20 seats, the election commission said. The scale of the Bharatiya Janata Party’s victory suggested that it had bridged such caste allegiances, some experts said, although it had yet to cross religious lines to attract large numbers of Muslims. While Mr. Modi has largely steered clear of divisive language on religion as prime minister, his party has a Hindu nationalist philosophy, and he was accused of complicity in   violence as the leader of his home state of Gujarat. “This is the beginning of a new chapter in the history of India,” Jitendra Singh, a minister of state in Mr. Modi’s office, told the television station Times Now. “The Indian voter has learned to rise above caste and creed and vote for development and the future of India. ” In fact, although Mr. Modi won the 2014 national elections on a platform of jobs and development, his economic record is mixed. He has lured more foreign investment and is close to achieving a   tax overhaul, but new job creation has been slow and domestic private investment remains stagnant. The International Monetary Fund this year cut its projected growth rate for India by one percentage point, to 6. 6 percent, in large part because of Mr. Modi’s sudden ban on the country’s largest currency notes in November. Saturday’s results come less than four months after Mr. Modi’s Nov. 8 announcement that India’s largest notes, which made up 86 percent of the currency, would be banned starting the next day in a bid to fight corruption. A cash shortfall persisted for weeks as the government rushed to print enough new notes to replace the banned ones, slowing many of the country’s   businesses and leaving many poor people struggling to make ends meet. As the cash crunch persisted, with millions waiting in line for notes, Mr. Modi faced criticism that his policy had hurt   people, and many predicted that voters would punish him at the polls. But his big win in Uttar Pradesh  —   coupled with victory in another state, Uttarakhand, and gains in the eastern state of Manipur, where his party had not been a contender in the recent past  —   suggests that despite the pain the currency ban caused, voters believed Mr. Modi when he said it was needed to reduce corruption, some experts said. “The narrative became less about whether it was right or wrong on economics, but more about the political narrative, the way Modi was able to shape it,” said Harsh Pant, a professor of international relations specializing in India at King’s College in London. “He said, ‘I am a crusader against corruption, and you have to rise above your mundane economic realities and support me.’ And people did,” Mr. Pant said. Votes were still being counted in the smaller states of Goa and Manipur on Saturday afternoon, and the margins were so close that it was not clear who would form the state governments. Experts said Mr. Modi’s win in Uttar Pradesh meant his party would be able to take control of the upper house of India’s Parliament next year. They expected him to have a freer hand in making the economic policy overhauls that he has long sought to spur development, including changes in the law to make it easier for companies to acquire farmland and to fire workers. But many experts cautioned that it was unlikely Mr. Modi would make major changes before the 2019 election. When he previously tried to ease land acquisition rules, he found himself pilloried as the “suit boot” prime minister, or guardian of the corporate class, the experts noted. “He’ll have the space, but he’ll also be concerned about ” Mr. Malik said. The prime minister may tinker with the laws, perhaps allowing states to change some labor laws to attract industry, but “he’s not suddenly going to shift gears in terms of policies,” Mr. Malik said.",0
16064,How America lost its moral authority throughout the world,"Become a Fan - Advertisement - It was not too long ago that many people looked to the U.S. for leadership and not so long ago, our nation was still thought to be a democratic nation of laws, due process, and a prudent separation of powers. Now the U.S. is reviled; Bush is seen the world over as having betrayed his own people as he wages aggressive war against a nation that even he concedes had nothing whatsoever to do with 911, a nation about which he lied in order to justify his dirty, evil little war. The war on terrorism is phony.
And now, Bush proves everything that is said about him by refusing to close Guantanamo, by refusing to end practices of torture and rendition which he denies --even as he defends them. I recommend Robert Jackson 's Place in History by Henry King Jr. An excerpt: In his final report, after he resigned as U.S. Chief Counsel for War Crimes, Jackson stated that ""[i]t is not too much to hope that this example of a full and fair hearing, and tranquil and deliberative judgment, will do something toward strengthening the process of justice in many countries. "" I believe that after fifty years it can be maintained with considerable credibility that these visions have largely come to pass. Perhaps --at the time of the writing --""these visions"" had come to pass. But thanks to the Bush administration's deliberate effort to undermine the very foundations of International Law, that important progress has been undone.
One rightly suspects Bush's motives. Even before the U.S. invasion of Iraq, before the attack on Afghanistan, Tom DeLay sponsored legislation that exempted U.S. soldiers from war crimes prosecution at the International Tribunal at the Hague. Did anyone in Congress stop to ask why? Were we planning to commit crimes for which we sought exemption from prosecution? Wasn't it clear to any thinking person what Bush was up to? Are we not the good guys? [Amendment to H.R. 1646, The Foreign Relations Authorization Act of 2001 ] 
Clearly --the Bush administration was, in fact, planning to commit war crimes but wanted to make them legal if done by the U.S. I cannot possibly hope to document in a short internet essay the various circumlocutions that have been indulged by the Bush administration and its chief apologist: Alberto Gonzales. All, however, are intended to make legal the very acts that are prohibited by Nuremberg --but only if those acts are done by Americans. Bush is at least consistent in this respect: neither would he press for trials for non-Americans. He would simply decree their imprisonment and torture. 
Nazis engaged in similar polemical campaigns. The results were tragic. So too with Bush who most certainly boasted of what can only be the summary executions of thousands who were most certainly murdered before they could assert their innocence: ...more than 3,000 suspected terrorists have been arrested in many countries. Many others have met a different fate. Let's put it this way -- they are no longer a problem to the United States and our friends and allies. 
This statement must be soberly examined; note that Bush refers to 3,000 suspects . Yet --he smirks that ""...they have met a different fate."" He boasts that ""...they are no longer a problem to the the United States..."". - Advertisement - They were only suspects . Since when does the United States summarily execute mere suspects? Do we not know who our enemies are? What were the conditions of their detention? Why are we rounding up mere ""suspects"" --and not actual combatants? How is the execution of suspects justified under any standard, any morality, any legal system? I am frankly surprised that Bush maintained the pretense when he has since arrogated unto himself the power to define terrorists. ""Terrorists"" are what Bush says they are. Bush is the judge and jury. Detainees are never charged and, by Bushs' own words, ""suspects"" are caused to be ""...no longer a problem"". Others are ""terrorists"" not because they are ""terrorists"" but because Bush --the decider --says they are. Some may be combatants. Some may be ""evil doers"". Others may be innocent. No matter. Bush --the all powerful decider --has thrown them all in the same wire cage. The same suicide factory.
Contrast Bush's remarks with those of American Supreme Court Justice Robert Jackson uttered when America still had credibility and moral authority: 
""That four great nations, flushed with victory and stung with injury stay the hand of vengeance and voluntarily submit their captive enemies to the judgment of the law is one of the most significant tributes that Power has ever paid to Reason. "" 
-- Opening Statement before the International Military Tribunal, Robert Jackson, Chief American Prosecutor, Nuremberg War Crimes Trials - Advertisement - At the end of World War II, when even Winston Churchill espoused the summary executions of Nazi war criminals and Joseph Stalin favored mere show trials, it was the United States, under the leadership of Franklin Roosevelt, that insisted upon war crimes trials. Nazis would not be summarily shot merely because they were Nazis by definition or decree. Rather, they would be given a trial. Even Nazis would be allowed the right of counsel, the right to present a defense. 
How can Bush hope to defend democracy --as he has claimed --when he subverts every Democratic principle that has been fought and died for over the last four hundred years? How can Bush justify his war of aggression against Iraq when he subverts the very ""democracy"" that he claims to bring them? How can Bush accuse anyone outside the United States of ""...just hat[ing] freedom"" when Bush is himself democracy's most insidious enemy? 
If Nazis had engaged in the same disingenuous activities with regard to the incarceration and ultimate extermination of the jews, what moral authority could the U.S. have extended if its own policies differed not a whit in principle?",0
16065,Us Weekly Is Sold to National Enquirer Publisher - The New York Times,"Us Weekly, a celebrity magazine that has long been a staple at checkout counters, is changing hands. On Wednesday, American Media Inc. publisher of The National Enquirer and Radar Online, announced that it had reached an agreement to acquire Us Weekly from Wenner Media, which has owned it since 1985. Terms of the agreement were not disclosed, but two people who were briefed on the deal but requested anonymity because the terms were not public said the price was $100 million. “We are excited to bring one of the most distinctive and powerful media brands to AMI and are looking forward to continuing its great editorial standards its loyal and growing audience expects,” David J. Pecker, American Media’s chairman and chief executive, said in a statement. The acquisition of Us Weekly will give American Media a younger, more affluent audience, and a larger digital presence. It will also increase American Media’s heft in celebrity gossip  —   along with The National Enquirer and Radar Online, the company publishes the supermarket staples Star and OK! For Wenner Media, which also publishes Rolling Stone and Men’s Journal, the sale of Us Weekly represents a further paring of assets. Last year, it sold a 49 percent stake in Rolling Stone to BandLab Technologies, a   music technology company led by Meng Ru Kuok, the son of an Asian business magnate. “I’m sad to say goodbye to those people and to a great brand  —   it’s done wonders for us and our family,” Gus Wenner, the chief digital officer at Wenner and the son of the company’s founder, Jann S. Wenner, said in an interview. “But it’s also an exciting day for us, and I’m very excited to focus on the next chapter of Wenner Media and on the brands that we have where we see enormous growth potential. ” Like other celebrity publications, Us Weekly has struggled in the digital age. Once a powerhouse whose editors included Janice Min and Bonnie Fuller, the magazine had a roughly 30 percent decline in newsstand sales in the second half of 2016 from the same period a year earlier, according to publisher’s statements filed with the Alliance for Audited Media. Us magazine was founded in 1977 by The New York Times Company in the vein of Time Inc. ’s People magazine, but the company sold Us three years later. “Never acquire a company that you’re embarrassed to tell your mother about. Or start a publication, in this case,” Arthur O. Sulzberger, the newspaper company’s previous publisher, once said about Us. “It really isn’t our line of work, and we weren’t very good at it. ” Wenner Media bought Us in 1985 and turned it into a weekly from a monthly in 2000 to compete more directly with People and Entertainment Weekly, another Time Inc. magazine. Us had a rough start as a weekly, however, and in 2001, Wenner sold a 50 percent stake in the magazine to the Walt Disney Company for about $40 million. Five years later, Wenner Media borrowed $300 million to buy the stake back, saddling itself with debt that has required significant annual payments. Gus Wenner said that the proceeds from the Us Weekly sale would go in part toward repaying the company’s remaining debt. (Wenner used $25 million from the $40 million Rolling Stone deal last year for a special payment on the loan, according to credit reports.) The sale of Us Weekly is the latest sign of Wenner Media’s struggles. Rolling Stone lost a defamation lawsuit in November over a widely condemned 2014 article about allegations of a gang rape at the University of Virginia. The magazine still faces another lawsuit related to the article. Without Us Weekly and its 110 staff members, Wenner Media will be significantly smaller. The magazine brought in 65 percent of the $330 million that Wenner Media generated in revenue for the year that ended in June, according to a report in October from Moody’s Investor Service. Rolling Stone produced 27 percent of the company’s revenue, and Men’s Journal contributed 8 percent. By selling Us Weekly, Wenner Media has further shifted its business away from print. Last year, it introduced Glixel, a   site devoted to games, and the company has made a big effort to increase its digital advertising revenue to make up for declines on the print side.",0
16066,The Most Important Concepts The Manosphere Taught Me,"  The Most Important Concepts The Manosphere Taught Me The Most Important Concepts The Manosphere Taught Me Lessons that make the world of men a better place Jean-Batave Poqueliche 
Jean-Batave is a martial artist from the viking stronghold of Normandy, France. He travels the world looking for new fighting techniques and new beautiful women. Eastern Europe taught him everything he knows and is his second home. His column runs every Thursday. October 27, 2016 Masculinity 
An interesting thought recently crossed my mind. What would have happened if I stumbled across the manosphere in my late teens? 
Back when I was a blue-pill high school greenhorn, clueless about women and with a mind set on “neutral,” I was destined to be just another cog in the big government machine. Simply put, I would have been the dog’s bollocks. 
But having all these resources served on a silver platter would not have given me the hunger that I have for life today. I would take this things as granted instead of considering every opportunity as the last one. 
Dwelling on those thoughts is not good. What I can do is to keep writing so other young people and lost men turn their life around for the better. If I must condense the most useful things I have learnt: On Game Logistics are key 
Get a private room or an apartment within 20 minutes walk of the date location or party district. Check that the security will not cockblock you. Have alcohol and music ready at your place. Clean it. Have condoms stashed. Get taxi numbers, a local SIM card etc. 
Related: How Bad Logistics Can Ruin Your Game Keep an abundance mentality 
Stop “over-pursuing” as Quintus puts it. The sheer number of women cruising around prevents you from being needy. Showing this weakness to women NEVER works in your favour. 
Next the time wasters. If it is not her, it will be another. Stop dwelling in the past, stop keeping the number of dysfunctional girls from previous bangs. Keep moving forward. 
Related: 5 Major Signs That She Is Using You A bad approach is better than none 
This should be carved in every man’s brain. What is the worst than can happen? You have balls, use them. Who cares if you mumbled a bit. Smirk and carry on. 
If you don’t act, the opportunity is gone. Don’t count to three. You see, you jump. 
Related: How To Get Over Your Anxiety When Approaching Women Always escalate 
Never apologise for being a man with a healthy sex life or hesitate to be sexual. If she calls you out, double down, fuck it. You are not here for a peck on the cheek or listen about her output on life. 
One of the sentence that stayed with me and still is in a corner of my head to this day is “Think of it as the last time you see her.” 
Related:",0
16067,Hillary Clinton Cancels Public Events Amid Media Blackout,"Posted on October 30, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US // 0 Comments 
Hillary Clinton has cancelled all upcoming campaign events following the FBI’s announcement that they are reopening their email server investigation. 
The reopening of the case has sent the Clinton campaign into complete chaos, according to reports . Recommended 
Donald Trump has overtaken his political rival Hillary Clinton in a major new poll out this weekend, as mainstream media outlets have refused to publish the results to the public. (53 mins ago) 
According to “ Citizens for Trump ” Special Projects Director Jack Posobiec, Hillary is looking to get out of the media spotlight for a while. 
In a tweet, he stated: “ Hillary has cancelled all campaign events in FL, OH, and NC .” 
The Clinton campaign want to focus on states that Hillary lost serious ground in – like Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, Virginia, and Michigan. Hillary has cancelled all campaign events in FL, OH, and NC 
— Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) October 29, 2016 Recommended 
WikiLeaks has released a batch of emails revealing that Hillary Clinton was involved in a plane crash that caused her brain injury and left a US Navy Seal dead. (53 mins ago) 
Has the latest email scandal finally brought Hillary to her knees? 
Will there even be an election on November 8th, or will we be watching Hillary Clinton go on trial? It seems like anything is possible right now.",0
16068,Setting the Body’s ‘Serial Killers’ Loose on Cancer - The New York Times,"BETHESDA, Md.  —   The young surgeon was mystified. A   tumor had been removed from the stomach of his patient 12 years earlier, but his doctors had not been able to cut out many smaller growths in his liver. The cancer should have killed him, yet here he lay on the table for a routine gallbladder operation. The surgeon, Dr. Steven A. Rosenberg, examined the man’s abdominal cavity, sifting his liver in his fingers, feeling for hard, dense tumors  —   but he could find no trace of cancer. It was 1968. Dr. Rosenberg had a hunch he had just witnessed an extraordinary case in which a patient’s immune system had vanquished cancer. Hoping there was an elixir in the man’s blood, Dr. Rosenberg got permission to transfuse some of it into a patient dying of stomach cancer. The effort failed. But it was the beginning of a lifelong quest. “Something began to burn in me,” he would write later, “something that has never gone out. ” Half a century later, Dr. Rosenberg, who turns 76 on Tuesday and is chief of surgery at the National Cancer Institute here, is part of a small fraternity of researchers who have doggedly pursued a dream  —   turbocharging the body’s immune system so that more cancer patients can experience recoveries like his   patient’s. Dr. Rosenberg, Dr. Carl H. June of the University of Pennsylvania and Dr. Michel Sadelain of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center have been at the forefront of this research for decades, laboring in separate labs in an intense     pursuit to bring to fruition a daring therapy that few colleagues believed would work. Now, versions of the therapy for a limited number of blood cancers are nearing approval by federal regulators, and could reach the market as early as next year. The technique, known as cell therapy, gives each patient an individualized and   version of their own immune system, one that “works better than nature made it,” as Dr. June puts it. The patient’s   the soldiers of the immune system, are extracted from the patient’s blood, then genetically engineered to recognize and destroy cancer. The redesigned cells are multiplied in the laboratory, and millions or billions of them are put back into the patient’s bloodstream, set loose like a vast army of tumor assassins. This is an unusual pharmaceutical  —   a drug that is alive and can multiply once inside the body. Dr. June calls these cells “serial killers. ” A single one can destroy up to 100, 000 cancer cells. The killer cells are genetically engineered to produce a complex protein, an amalgam of pieces from different parts of the immune system that is unlike anything seen before. “I call it a   molecule,” said Dr. Renier J. Brentjens, the director of cellular therapeutics at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. This radical,   therapy differs sharply from the more established type of immunotherapy, developed by other researchers. Those    drugs, known as checkpoint inhibitors, release a molecular brake on the immune system, freeing it to fight the cancer much as it fights infections by bacteria or viruses. Cell therapy, in contrast, is brewed specially for each patient, one of the many challenges the field faces in broadening its use. So far, the number of patients treated with cell therapy is in the hundreds, not thousands. And for now it works only for certain types of blood cancers, not common malignancies like breast and lung cancer. Researchers are also still working out how to control potentially lethal side effects. Just recently, a clinical trial was briefly halted after three patients died of brain swelling. Still, cell therapy has produced complete remissions in some patients who were out of treatment options, stirring excitement among doctors and patients and setting off a race among companies to bring the treatments to market. Getting to this point has taken decades of painstaking work, with many false starts and setbacks. “It was conceivable we were pursuing a ghost,” Dr. Rosenberg recalled. The son of Orthodox Jews who immigrated from Poland to New York and ran luncheonettes, Steven Rosenberg was about 6 years old when his family learned that many relatives, including six of his father’s nine siblings, had been murdered in the Holocaust. “I saw so much evil in the world that early on I decided I wanted to do something that would help people, not hurt people,” he said in an interview here. He received a medical degree from Johns Hopkins and a doctorate in biophysics from Harvard. From the start, he was a workaholic. At one point he tried to call off his relationship with Alice O’Connell, whom he would later marry, because he was afraid it would distract him from research. “I loved the night,” Dr. Rosenberg wrote in his book, “The Transformed Cell,” published in 1992. “I remember the exhilaration of working through the night in the lab, drinking thick pasty coffee that had been on the burner for hours, walking out into the sunrise. ” He added: “To be alone and out on the edge like that, there was no feeling like it in the world. ” When Dr. Rosenberg arrived at the National Cancer Institute in 1974, his first attempt at immunotherapy was to give patients   harvested from pigs. That failed. He then began giving patients   or   a protein made by the body that spurs   to proliferate. In some cases he treated patients with their own white blood cells that had been incubated in  . The treatments sometimes set off such a violent immune system reaction that patients had to be placed in intensive care. From 1980 to 1984, he treated 66 patients without success. Then, in late 1984, he encountered patient No. 67, Linda Taylor, a Navy officer with melanoma whose personnel file carried the stamp “death imminent. ” Ms. Taylor is still alive her case and others catapulted Dr. Rosenberg and   onto the cover of Newsweek and the front pages of newspapers. Some of his colleagues at the National Cancer Institute began referring to him as Stevie Wonder, thinking he had developed a swelled head. But  ’s vaunted prowess fizzled, helping only a few percent of patients with melanoma or kidney cancer. Dr. Rosenberg then tried to surgically remove tumors and extract the   that had already penetrated them,     lymphocytes. He multiplied those cells in the lab and infused them back in the patient, along with shots of  . He limited his focus to melanoma, the skin cancer that seemed most susceptible to immune attack. The treatment eventually achieved remissions in about 10 percent to 25 percent of patients. But it was   and its application to other cancers unclear. There had to be a better way. Indeed, one approach was taking shape across the street from Dr. Rosenberg, at the Naval Medical Research Institute in Bethesda. The Navy was not Carl June’s desired career choice. Accepted at Stanford in 1971, he instead chose the Naval Academy to avoid the draft and Vietnam. The Navy sent him to medical school and for training in   transplantation, geared toward treating people irradiated by nuclear weapons. When the Cold War ended, the Navy lost interest. Dr. June turned to working with   at the Naval Medical Research Institute in the  . He and a colleague, Dr. Bruce Levine, found a way to multiply   in huge numbers outside the body, a method still used today. And in the   working with Cell Genesys, a gene therapy company, Dr. June began trying to genetically modify patients’   to kill H. I. V. the virus that causes AIDS. But when his wife, Cindy, the mother of the couple’s three children, developed ovarian cancer in 1996, Dr. June’s research turned personal. Dr. June had tried everything to save her, including the primitive immune therapies under development. But Ms. June died in 2001. “A lot of other scientists would have been disillusioned by the failure, in his case the personal tragedy,” said Sean Parker, the internet billionaire who is funding some of Dr. June’s work. Instead, Dr. June, who had moved to the University of Pennsylvania, stopped treating patients, and devoted himself to creating cell therapies for cancer. “Things that were back burner on cell therapy became front burner,” he said. In the 1980s, scientists began experimenting with gene therapy, putting new genes into cells of the body to treat disease. Michel Sadelain, while still a graduate student studying immunology at the University of Alberta, told colleagues that he thought the technique could be used to supercharge   to fight cancer. “At the time it sounded very pipe dream,” said Douglas Green, who was one of Dr. Sadelain’s doctoral thesis advisers and is now chairman of immunology at St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital. But Dr. Sadelain, he continued, “believed in his approach and he pursued it relentlessly. ” After earning his Ph. D. Dr. Sadelain headed for the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research in Cambridge, Mass. to learn how to do gene therapy, using disabled viruses that could not cause disease to deliver genes into cells. By 1992, he had demonstrated that he could genetically engineer mouse  . He then moved to Sloan Kettering. In 2003, he and his colleagues  —   including his partner and now wife, Isabelle Rivière  —   showed that genetically engineered   could eradicate certain cancers in mice. How is this done? To fight cancer,   have to recognize cancerous cells. Each   in the body has unique receptors, sort of like claws that jut out from its surface.   patrol the body looking for protein fragments that indicate a cell might be infected by a bacterium or virus. If one of its claws latches on to such a fragment, the   destroys the cell displaying it. But cancer cells are mutated versions of the body’s own cells, not outsiders.   do not always recognize them as something to kill. So scientists like Dr. Sadelain decided to put a new claw on the   one that could recognize cancer by latching on to a telltale protein on cancer cells. The new claws came from another part of the immune system known as antibodies. Drug companies already knew how to make antibodies with claws that bind to specific proteins in the body. But the claw was not enough. Once a claw binds to a target protein, it needs a molecule to signal the   to go into killing mode. Yet another signal helps sustain the killing. The DNA instructions for all three components are inserted into the patient’s  . Since this concoction is part antibody and part   it is a chimera, like the monster of Greek mythology that is part lion, part goat and part serpent. The claw is called a receptor and the protein it binds to on the cancer cell, the target, is called an antigen. So the whole construct is called a chimeric antigen receptor, or CAR, and the use of it to treat cancer is called CAR   therapy, or  . Dr. Sadelain was not alone in this work. Zelig Eshhar, an Israeli scientist, is credited with developing one of the first crude CARs around 1989. Dr. Rosenberg, always on the lookout for new types of immunotherapy, invited Dr. Eshhar to be a visiting scientist in his laboratory at the National Cancer Institute. Another early developer was Dr. Dario Campana of St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital. As scientists worked to perfect the formula in the 1990s and early 2000s, there was quite a bit of sharing. Cancer cell therapy was still mostly an academic exercise it was highly uncertain whether it would ever really work. Dr. June, after hearing a presentation by Dr. Campana at a conference in 2003, requested a sample of Dr. Campana’s CAR. Dr. Sadelain shared his design with both Dr. June and Dr. Rosenberg. The most prominent CAR developed at the National Cancer Institute owes a lot to Dr. Sadelain, Dr. Rosenberg said. But the science proved difficult and the research money scarce. Pharmaceutical companies showed little interest, preferring   drugs, one size fits all, rather than a treatment that would be made separately for each patient. Again, a death from cancer propelled the field forward. In 2001, a    woman, Kimberly Lawrence Netter, succumbed to breast cancer. Her    Edward Netter, a wealthy financial services entrepreneur, and his wife, Barbara, formed the nonprofit Alliance for Cancer Gene Therapy, which issued some of its first grants to Dr. June and Dr. Sadelain. Dr. June also got support from the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society. “Without that,” Dr. June said of the charities, “we would not have had a clinical trial. ” As the first decade of this century neared its end, the three pioneers were ready for the big moment  —   testing their treatments in patients. They scrambled to be the first to announce   results. Dr. Rosenberg and colleagues published first, in the journal Blood in 2010. They described a single patient with lymphoma whose tumors shrank after treatment. (The patient later received more therapy, and has been free of cancer since.) But the approach really attracted attention the next year when Dr. June reported that two of three patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia went into complete remission. One of them, Doug Olson, a chemist from Tinicum Township, Pa. left the hospital and immediately bought a sailboat. He also took to running  . “It was like this weight that had been sitting there was gone,” said Mr. Olson, who is free of cancer nearly six years later. Bill Ludwig, a retired captain in the New Jersey Department of Corrections, had already paid for his funeral when he started treatment in August 2010. Once his genetically engineered   were unleashed in his system, Mr. Ludwig’s lungs started to fail, his legs ballooned to twice their size, his blood pressure dropped and he began hallucinating. When he emerged from the ordeal, doctors searched for cancer. Detecting none, they ordered another test, certain of error. But there was no mistake. Five pounds of tumor had been destroyed. Mr. Ludwig, now 71, and his wife bought an R. V. “We’re trying to make up for lost time,” he said. He has celebrated the high school graduations of five grandchildren and welcomed his first  . As for Dr. June, Mr. Ludwig said: “It’s hard to describe someone who basically saved your life. He lost the one he loved, and turned around and saved me years later. ” The 2011 publication of Dr. June’s results transformed the field. Novartis, the big Swiss pharmaceutical company, licensed the rights to the therapies created in Dr. June’s lab at the University of Pennsylvania, throwing aside concerns that treatments manufactured for individual patients would not be good business. That set off a commercial rush, flooding the field with cash after years of doubt. While various companies are in pursuit, three are in the lead. They hope to win approval from the Food and Drug Administration to bring the first CAR treatments to market as early as 2017 or 2018, although it is not yet clear how easy it will be to get regulatory approval for such a novel therapy. The companies are teamed with academic pioneers: Novartis with Penn Kite Pharma with the National Cancer Institute and Juno Therapeutics with Sloan Kettering, the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle and Seattle Children’s Hospital. Somewhat predictably, success provoked jostling and envy. Rather than being allies against a disbelieving world, the pioneers now had something worth fighting over  —   credit, and the gleam of a possible Nobel Prize. While the Sloan Kettering researchers had done some of the early genetic engineering, they did not publish strong results in five patients until 2013. By then, they had been scooped by Dr. Rosenberg with one patient and Dr. June with three. The spotlight further shifted to Dr. June because of his success with Emily Whitehead, a little girl whose miraculous recovery in 2012 made her the poster child for cell therapy. When Mr. Parker, the internet entrepreneur, announced in April that he would spend $250 million to start a new cancer immunotherapy institute, Emily, now 11, appeared on stage at the launch extravaganza with Lady Gaga. Dr. June’s 2011 publications did not cite Dr. Rosenberg’s paper from the previous year, prompting Dr. Rosenberg to write a letter to The New England Journal of Medicine. Dr. June’s publications also did not acknowledge that the genetic construct he had used was the one he had obtained from Dr. Campana of St. Jude. St. Jude sued the University of Pennsylvania. Novartis sided with Penn, and Juno Therapeutics with St. Jude. The suit was settled last year, with Novartis agreeing to pay $12. 25 million plus possible future payments and royalties. Within days, Dr. June sent a correction and letter of regret to The New England Journal of Medicine, acknowledging that the CAR used in his groundbreaking 2011 study, and in treating Emily Whitehead, was “designed, developed and provided” by St. Jude. Patrick M. Coughlin, who teaches anatomy at the Commonwealth Medical College in Scranton, Pa. now explains the immune system to his classes by telling how one man overcame cancer. Only gradually does it become clear that he is referring to himself. Now 63, Mr. Coughlin noticed a mass the size of a softball in his abdomen in summer 2013. It was a form of  ’s lymphoma. Three different types of chemotherapy and a   transplant all failed to help him. Desperate, he came to the National Institutes of Health campus here last year for the cell therapy developed by Dr. Rosenberg’s team. The battle between Mr. Coughlin’s genetically engineered immune cells and the cancer was brutal. For four days he had a fever as high as 105, chills and   sweats. Even his brain malfunctioned  —   at one point he could not count to 10 or write his wife’s name. But when the battle ended, the cancer was no longer there. “If I had gotten this thing five years ago,” he said of his disease, “I’d be dead. ” Yet for all the excitement, there are reasons for caution. The CAR therapy works now only for patients with some   lymphomas and leukemias, which account for only about 80, 000 of the 1. 7 million cases of cancer diagnosed in the United States each year. It has not been successfully used to treat malignancies of the lungs, breast, prostate, colon or other organs. “The solid tumors that kill over 90 percent of people do not respond to anything we have now,” Dr. Rosenberg said. Because it is personalized, cell therapy is likely to be frightfully expensive  —   probably hundreds of thousands of dollars per patient, though the companies bringing these treatments to market have not yet said how much they would charge. Producing the   cells is lengthy and complex. Some patients have died during the two to four weeks it took to genetically modify and multiply their cells. And the therapy itself can be arduous. First, patients get chemotherapy to wipe out many of their existing   to make room for the engineered ones. Once those enter the body, they can set off a ferocious immune response as well as temporary neurological problems like memory loss, seizures and hallucinations. Recently Juno Therapeutics had to temporarily halt its clinical trial after three patients died from brain swelling. The problem arose when the company added a second chemotherapy drug to the regimen preparing the patients for the cell infusion. The authorities allowed the trial to resume without that chemotherapy drug. Still, some patients find themselves hoping they get violently ill, since that is a sign the treatment is working. “Every morning my wife would ask me how I’m feeling,” said Myles Stiefvater, a copier salesman from Newark, Del. who had the treatment in 2014. When he said he felt O. K. they were disappointed. Researchers are also finding, to their dismay, that remissions do not always last. The therapy has had its biggest success in acute lymphoblastic leukemia, producing complete remissions for 60 percent to more than 90 percent of patients. Yet up to half of those patients eventually suffer a relapse. In some cases, the tumor evolves so that it no longer displays on its surface what the claw binds to, making it invisible to the engineered cells. In other cases, the engineered cells might not last long enough in the body, giving the cancer a chance to resurge. Karen Shollenberger, a student at Drexel University with acute lymphoblastic leukemia, thought she was in the clear after being in remission for nine months after a   treatment. But in September, as the school year was beginning, the cancer returned. “My high hopes for the rest of the term were crushed,” Ms. Shollenberger wrote on her blog in October. She entered a new trial testing a new CAR therapy directed at another protein on  . Again the cancer went into remission, and she returned to school. But fear lurked in her: What if the new therapy also stopped working? That indeed happened recently. Her best hope now is a   transplant. “Each relapse is increasingly terrifying as the options continue to shrink,” said Ms. Shollenberger, 22. But, she said, the cell therapies have given her nearly two good years. The big thrust now is to expand the use of cell therapy to additional types of cancer. The key is to find protein targets that the engineered   can latch on to to kill cancer cells. Ideally, such a protein should be on all the tumor cells, so the entire cancer would be eradicated. But it should not be on healthy cells, or they would also be destroyed, causing side effects. “  are very powerful,” said Dr. Campana, formerly of St. Jude and now at the National University of Singapore. “In the same way they can eliminate cancer, they can also kill you. ” A protein called HER2, for instance, is found on many breast and other tumors, making it a seemingly good target. But it is also found in tiny amounts in the lungs. When Dr. Rosenberg’s team infused killer   aimed at HER2 into a patient, she went into respiratory distress within 15 minutes and died five days later. The treatments work for the blood cancers because there is a good target. But finding these for the most common cancers has been difficult. One problem is that CARs, because of how they are made, can bind only to proteins on the surface of cancer cells. But most proteins made by these cells, or by any cell for that matter, are inside the cell, out of reach. There is an alternative approach that is gaining interest. Patients’ immune cells can be engineered to make what are called   receptors, or TCRs. These can recognize proteins inside the cancer cells. Some experts say TCRs, which have a far wider array of potential targets, represent the best hope of using cell therapy to treat solid tumors. There have been hints of effectiveness already in treating one of those, a type of sarcoma. It might turn out that the best target for each patient will be unique to that person. Scientists are now experimenting with using DNA sequencing and other techniques to find the best mutated protein in each person’s tumor at which to aim the claw. “Think of how dauntingly personalized this is,” Dr. Rosenberg said. “We are using their own cells to treat a unique mutation in their own tumor. ” He said this approach might allow cell therapy to be used for most patients. Many other improvements are on the runway. Dr. Sadelain and Juno are working on “armored CARs” that not only bind to the target but produce   chemicals. Cellectis, a French company, has treated two babies with an    CAR treatment that does not require each patient’s cells to be processed. Bellicum Pharmaceuticals is working on genetic switches that dim or shut off the CAR if the treatment is endangering the patient. “We’re in the Model T version of the CAR now,” said Dr. Levine, now the director of the cell production facility at the University of Pennsylvania. “What’s coming along are Google CARs and Tesla CARs. ” In February, the   Center for Advanced Cellular Therapeutics opened on the ninth floor of a Penn medical building, paid for mainly by $20 million from Novartis. It has gleaming new laboratory space, clean rooms with the capacity to manufacture therapy for 400 patients a year, and a great view of downtown Philadelphia. On the wall are photographs of patients with success stories, like Doug Olson running a   and, of course, Emily Whitehead. Dr. June, who remarried and had two more children, now jets off regularly to attend conferences and give talks. A world map hanging outside his office is titled “Where in the World Is Carl June?” It has pins stuck in every location he has been, and a picture of him on a bicycle pinned to his location at the moment. In the last two years he has visited more than 150 cities in more than 20 countries. This year alone he has accumulated more than 200, 000 airline miles. Despite that schedule, he runs ultramarathons and participated in July in the Death Ride, a grueling bicycle race in California. Dr. Rosenberg still arrives at the National Cancer Institute nearly seven days a week. The walls outside his office are covered with signed photographs of the hundreds of fellows who have trained under him, many of them now leaders in immunotherapy. Every five years, they gather for a reunion, to reminisce and honor their mentor. Arie Belldegrun, who was a fellow in the 1980s, now runs Kite, the company commercializing the National Cancer Institute’s CAR technology. He recounted what happened when he tried to get Dr. Rosenberg to join the company. “He sits quietly, quietly, quietly, and then he asks, ‘Arie, why don’t you ask me what I want to do?’ “He said: ‘Every day that I go to work, I’m as excited as a kid coming to a new place for the first time. If you ask me what I want to do, I want to die on this desk one day. ’” But not before he conquers cancer. “I want to end this holocaust,” Dr. Rosenberg said in the interview. “I think I’m finally getting the hang of what it will take to widely apply this to cancers. ”",0
16069,Is Something Wrong With Hillary? Will NOT Concede Tonight – Refuses To Speak To Crowd – Health Episode?,"Is something wrong with Hillary Clinton?
In an unprecedented move and with just 6 electoral votes to go for a Donald Trump Presidency, Hillary Clinton refused to address the country and sent her aid John Podesta to address supporters at Javits Center.
We can wait a little longer, can’t we? They’re still counting votes and every vote should count. Several states are too close to call so we’re not going to have anything more to say tonight.

( Watch At Youtube )
While the New York Times is now projecting a Donald Trump victory with 95% certainty, Clinton will not concede.
A candidate would normally address the crowd if there was a question as to the validity of results. Or, in what is quite possible the most important Presidential election in American history, the candidate could at least stay up until the votes are counted.
This begs the question: Did Hillary have another medical episode?
Perhaps Hillary isn’t ready for that 3AM phone call after all.
 
",0
16070,Top Citi Analyst Issues Important Update On The Gold Market,"20 Views November 03, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
Today top Citi analyst Tom Fitzpatrick sent King World News a key update on the action in the gold market. 
Top Citi analyst Tom Fitzpatrick: Good resistance for gold comes in between $1,302 and $1,309. This was the break area on the way down and also where the potential top comes in (see chart below). 
Gold has retested the break levels that were breached on the way down at $1,302 – $1,308. We also have what could be a short term channel top coming in there… 
Continue reading Tom Fitzpatrick below… IMPORTANT: To find out which company the richest man in China has invested in, one that Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest investment opportunities in the world – CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Fitzpatrick continues: At this stage we could not expect to see these levels give way, however a close above ($1,308) would need to be respected. Trend line resistance above this zone is at $1,329 . Also of importance… Fear & Greed Index Shows More Extreme Fear The Fear & Greed Index has moved from a reading of 19 down to 17, showing even more extreme fear. Are the stock markets setting up for a possible rebound (see below)? 
  What We Just Witnessed Has Rarely Occurred In The Past 20 Years!  ",0
16072,Meet 6 Military Veterans Running for Congress,"‹ › Arnaldo Rodgers is a trained and educated Psychologist. He has worked as a community organizer and activist. Meet 6 Military Veterans Running for Congress By Arnaldo Rodgers on November 3, 2016 Veterans for Congress 
By MaryAlice Parks 
From George Washington to John McCain, the United States has a long history of veterans running for office. 
This year appears to be no exception with the halls of Capitol Hill likely to be filled with even more than the 100 former military members already there, according to Congressional Quarterly. 
Here’s a look at some of the candidates across the country who are veterans and how they’ve used their military experience to stand out: 
Using his military record to portray himself as a Washington outsider, Kander, a Democrat and former Army National Guard captain, has managed to put his race on the national radar. He has attracted outside spending from both sides of the aisle as Democrats look to regain control of the upper chamber. 
Read the Full Article at abcnews.go.co m >>>> Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VNN, VNN authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. Notices Posted by Arnaldo Rodgers on November 3, 2016, With 0 Reads, Filed under Veterans . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can leave a response or trackback to this entry FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
16073,White Man or Black Woman? Senate Race Tears at Maryland Democrats - The New York Times,"BALTIMORE  —   On Capitol Hill, Representative Chris Van Hollen is, literally and figuratively, a Democratic   boy. An American son of diplomats born while his parents served in Pakistan, he has used his   savvy, policy smarts and easy manner to position himself, party elders assumed, as a potential Democratic speaker of the House. Instead, Mr. Van Hollen, now running for the Senate in his home state of Maryland, is fighting for his survival in an identity politics primary that raises an explosive question: Should a white man, or a black woman, inherit the seat held for 30 years by Barbara A. Mikulski, the   female senator in American history? The contest between two members of Congress  —   the   Mr. Van Hollen, who trumpets his legislative résumé, and Representative Donna Edwards, a onetime community activist and   single mother  —   has exposed deep fissures among Democrats as it traverses thorny issues of gender, race and class. It has especially split women. Emily’s List, the political action committee that works to elect Democratic women, has spent more than $2. 5 million on television ads for Ms. Edwards, drawing a backlash from female supporters of Mr. Van Hollen, who say he is “more effective” than Ms. Edwards and every bit her equal in championing women’s rights. On Wednesday, more than 1, 000 “staunch Democrats and feminists” from Maryland published an open letter saying just that. To Ms. Edwards, who worked as an activist to pass the 1994 Violence Against Women Act, the effectiveness argument is “insulting. ” Shaking hands and snapping selfies outside an early voting center here Tuesday night, she offered a succinct rationale for her candidacy: “The Senate is 100 members  —   20 women. There’s nobody in the Senate like me. ” As to the uproar over the push by Emily’s List, Ms. Edwards said she was mystified: “I’m a   Democratic woman, and Mr. Van Hollen is not. ” Mr. Van Hollen, who helped muscle President Obama’s health care legislation and other   bills through Congress as the   man to the House Democratic leader, Nancy Pelosi, the former speaker, cannot exactly argue with that. He is a    white man in a party that has a core coalition consisting of minorities, single women and young people. He has countered with a blitz of endorsements from 100 prominent   women in Maryland and from a string of female elected officials. Analysts say black women will decide the race. Perhaps nowhere is the fight for their votes as fierce as here in Baltimore, a majority black city that is about to choose its next mayor. Next week  —   one day after Tuesday’s Maryland primary  —   the city will mark the   anniversary of the unrest over the death of Freddie Gray. The memory of the    black man, who died of injuries he sustained while in police custody, hovers over both races. So as Ms. Edwards was greeting voters Tuesday night, Mr. Van Hollen was at a restaurant across town, mingling with an enthusiastic, and racially mixed, group of supporters over a dinner of chicken and mashed potatoes. Older black women cooed over him. His host, a Baltimore County councilwoman, Cathy Bevins, who is white, said she had just sent Emily’s List “a nasty little email, telling them, ‘Take me off your list.’ ” The congressman, doing his best to avoid race and gender questions, reminded the crowd that he has Baltimore ties (his father grew up here) and of his attention to constituent service. He stiffened slightly when asked if the Senate needs a black woman’s voice. Those who endorsed him, he said, can speak for themselves: “They want somebody with a track record of delivering real results. ” There has not been a black woman in the Senate since Carol Moseley Braun, the nation’s first and only black female senator, left in 1999. In California, Emily’s List is also backing Kamala Harris, who is black and   for a Senate seat this year. Here in Maryland, a  Monmouth University poll released on Thursday showed Mr. Van Hollen pulling ahead in what has been a tight race with voters, especially women, and starkly divided along racial lines. “This is the state that Harriet Tubman ran away from twice and Frederick Douglass ran away from at least once, and we’ve never had a black woman elected statewide,” said Benjamin Jealous, the former president and chief executive of the N. A. A. C. P. who supports Ms. Edwards, though he insisted it was for policy reasons, not her race. Maryland, a heavily Democratic state, is no stranger to rough primary campaigns, especially when there is a rare open seat. Ms. Mikulski, a gruff former social worker from East Baltimore, ran one herself 30 years ago. Then a congresswoman, she reached the Senate by beating a seasoned colleague, Michael D. Barnes, and a sitting governor, Harry Hughes, with the help of a new group: Emily’s List. Ms. Mikulski, known on Capitol Hill as the “dean of Senate women,” is staying out of the fight over who should carry on her legacy she calls herself “studiously neutral. ” That has not stopped some of her admirers  —     Van Hollen backers like Jamie S. Gorelick, a former deputy attorney general  —   from accusing Emily’s List of wasting its money by going after a rising Democratic star with a good record on women’s rights. “I used to give money to Emily’s List,” Ms. Gorelick said. “I never will again. ” Stephanie Schriock, the president of Emily’s List, said the group was “doing what we have always done”: leveling the playing field for women who run against   men. “We have an opportunity here to change the face of power in the Senate just as we did in 1986,” she said. In some ways, Mr. Van Hollen and Ms. Edwards are mirror images of one another. Both are 57 years old. Both are lawyers. Both represent affluent districts in the suburbs of Washington  —   his largely white, hers largely black. The race is being fought around the margins, over slight differences in policy, dueling endorsements and sharp contrasts in personal style. On the campaign trail, there have been nasty ads, insults and slights, filtered through the delicate prism of gender and race. When the Maryland Senate president, Thomas V. Mike Miller Jr. who is white, called Mr. Van Hollen “a leader who has been born to the job” (a reference, an aide said, to his years in the Maryland legislature and childhood growing up overseas) it sounded to the congresswoman like talk from the  ’s network. “Maybe the first generation to go to college, whose parents lived the American dream,” Ms. Edwards said, referring to herself, “maybe that person is appropriate for the job. ” Still, Ms. Edwards has been disappointed that only four of 46 members of the Congressional Black Caucus have publicly endorsed her, though aides say 18 have donated to her campaign. With Mr. Van Hollen expected to win his district, and Ms. Edwards expected to win hers, Baltimore is a central battleground. Earlier this month, the congressman, in blue blazer and   shirt, was in a poor neighborhood, walking through a fruit and vegetable market trailed by a coterie of black women  —   members of a health care workers union that supports him. Rena Kenely, 59, a volunteer at a community center that helps the poor, had stopped in for coffee that day. She said that she had never met Mr. Van Hollen, but that she knew of him and liked his policies on education. “People think we vote by color, but we don’t,” Ms. Kenely said. Yet as Ms. Edwards was shaking hands outside the early voting center, it was clear that for some   women, it is an agonizing choice. Sharon Green Middleton, a member of the Baltimore City Council, was there. She knows Ms. Mikulski well, likes and respects Mr. Van Hollen, and is “struggling, but leaning” toward Ms. Edwards. “This is 2016,” Ms. Middleton finally said. “  women need a voice. ”",0
16074,20 Phoenix Cops Murdered Since 1981 -- 7 by Illegal Aliens,"PHOENIX, Arizona  —   The Phoenix Police Department (PPD) has lost 20 officers to murder since 1981  —   seven of those officers were killed by illegal aliens. With its close proximity to the U. S.  border and being situated in the path of main drug trafficking routes for Mexican transnational organized criminal groups (cartels) the PPD and other law enforcement agencies in the Phoenix metro area have suffered numerous deaths and serious injuries to officers at the hands of criminals illegally in the United States. Some of these criminals had numerous previous deportations, but were able to   the U. S. through its porous southern border. [Below is a list of Phoenix police officers murdered by illegal aliens since 1981:  July 1, 1981  —   Officers Ignacio Conchos and John Davis were both shot by an illegalalien who was an armed bank robbery suspect. Conchos died immediately and Davis succumbed to hiswounds one month later. May 27, 1988  —   Officer Ken Collins was murdered by an illegal alien carrying out an armed bank robbery in Phoenix. The illegal alien was tied to a drug gang. March 26, 1999  —   Officer Todd Atkinson was murdered by an illegal alien suspected of drug activity. Officer Atkinson was murdered after being ambushed by multiple suspects. September 18, 2007  —   Officer Nick Erfle was murdered by an illegal alien during a routine stop for a civil traffic infraction. Officer Erfle was shot once, the suspect returned to where Officer Erfle lay and fired one more round,   October 25, 2008  —   Officer Shane Figueroa was killed by an illegal alien who was driving a vehicle while intoxicated. May 19, 2013  —   Officer Daryl Raetz was struck and killed by an illegal alien driving an SUV while on foot investigating an earlier traffic accident. Additionally, the following Phoenix officers were seriously injured by illegal aliens: May 21, 1994  —   Phoenix Police Officer Saul Ayala was shot in the face by an illegal alien with a shotgun. The alien had previously been deported and was a gang member that called themselves the “Wetback Power Gang. ” September 15, 1997  —   SWAT Officers Jim Kliewer and Officer Jerry Kilgore were shot by an illegal alien who had violated the terms of his probation. The suspect had been placed on probation by a judge even though he was an illegal alien. December 21, 1997  —   Phoenix Police Officer Brian Wilbur was seriously injured when he was struck by a car driven by an intoxicated illegal alien. Brian was attempting to remove an injured animal from the roadway. March 26, 2001  —   Officer Jason Schecterle was severely burned when an illegal alien driving a taxi cab collided into the rear of his police car. Officer Schecterle was eventually forced him to medically retire. April 12, 2003  —   Officer Robert Sitek was shot and seriously injured by an illegal alien involved in an armed  . October 16, 2007  —   Officer Brett Glidewell was shot in the chest by an armed illegal alien who had been stopped for a civil traffic violation. Robert Arce is a retired Phoenix Police detective with extensive experience working Mexican organized crime and street gangs. Arce has worked in the Balkans, Iraq, Haiti, and recently completed a   assignment in Monterrey, Mexico, working out of the Consulate for the United States Department of State, International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Program, where he was the Regional Program Manager for northeast Mexico (Coahuila, Tamaulipas, Nuevo Leon, Durango, San Luis Potosi, Zacatecas)",0
16075,Rapper invited to meet with Obama on youth initiative has ankle monitor go off during meeting,"Print 
Rick Ross was like a loud fart in a quiet room when his ankle bracelet went off over the weekend at the White House. 
Ross was there along with a bunch of other rappers — Nicki Minaj, Busta Rhymes, J. Cole, Wale and DJ Khaled — to support Obama’s Brother’s Keeper youth initiative, ironically to keep men of color out of trouble. 
It was a serious and fancy affair … enough to get Ross in a suit, which covered the ankle monitor he has to wear … a condition of release in his kidnapping case . 
Sources on scene tell TMZ Obama finished his speech when Ross’ anklet ripped through the silence. 
We’re told Ross was even surprised … the anklet’s new and it randomly beeps.",0
16076,"David Friedman, Choice for Envoy to Israel, Is Hostile to Two-State Efforts - The New York Times","JERUSALEM  —   He is president of the American   arm for a yeshiva in a settlement deep in the West Bank headed by a militant rabbi who has called for Israeli soldiers to refuse orders to evacuate settlers. He writes a  column for a   Israeli news site in which he has accused President Obama of “blatant ” dismissed the   solution to the   conflict, likened a liberal   group to “kapos” who cooperated with the Nazis, and said American Jewish leaders “failed” Israel on the Iran nuclear deal. He also supports United Hatzalah, an Israeli emergency medical services group that prides itself on integrating Arab and Druze volunteers helped build a $42 million village for disabled children  —   Bedouin and Jewish  —   in the Negev Desert and is known as an affable host of large holiday meals at the penthouse apartment he owns in a   Jerusalem neighborhood. Now, David M. Friedman, an Orthodox Jewish bankruptcy lawyer from Long Island, is Donald J. Trump’s pick for ambassador to Israel, despite his lack of diplomatic experience and frequent statements that flout decades of bipartisan American policy. “Bankruptcy law and involvement with settlements are not normally seen as an appropriate qualifications for the job,” one of its former occupants, Martin S. Indyk, said on Friday. “But then these are not normal times. ” Mr. Friedman, 58, has done legal work for Mr. Trump since at least 2001, when he handled negotiations with bondholders on Mr. Trump’s struggling casinos in Atlantic City. Mr. Friedman represented Mr. Trump’s personal interests in the bankruptcies of the casinos in 2004, 2009 and 2014. Their relationship was cemented in 2005, friends said, when Mr. Trump traveled three hours in a snowstorm to pay a condolence call on Mr. Friedman after the death of his father, a prominent Long Island rabbi. “He was very taken by Trump spending almost all day just to pay the shiva,” said Yossi Kahana, one of the two friends who described the visit, using the Hebrew term for the week of mourning. “Barely any people came, and here is Trump, coming and sitting with him and talking about things that are important to both of them, their values, their fathers and their legacies. ” Mr. Friedman did not respond to an interview request made to his office. A person close to the Trump transition who spoke on the condition of anonymity said the ambassadorship had been negotiated directly between the two men over many months. Mr. Friedman, who donated a total of $50, 000 to the Trump campaign and the Republican National Committee in 2016, according to federal election records, had been openly saying even before the election that the job  —   one of the most sensitive and high profile in the diplomatic corps  —   would be his, according to friends. Israel’s conservative settlement supporters and their American backers rejoiced at the selection, while believers in a Palestinian state and the   peace process were perplexed and close to despair. Mr. Friedman is a staunch opponent of basic tenets of Washington’s longstanding approach to much of the ambassadorial portfolio. He refers to the West Bank by its biblical name, Judea and Samaria, something hard to imagine his predecessors doing publicly. Upon being nominated Thursday night, he said he looked forward to working “from the U. S. Embassy in Israel’s eternal capital, Jerusalem,” rather than Tel Aviv, where the American Embassy has been for decades, under the State Department’s insistence that the holy city’s status be determined as part of a broader deal between Israel and the Palestinians. The State Department has not allowed its ambassadors to set foot in West Bank settlements. Tax forms list Mr. Friedman as president of the American Friends of Bet El Yeshiva, which has raised about $2 million a year in recent years. He is also described as president of Bet El Institutions, which supports, among other things, the news site for which Mr. Friedman wrote columns, IsraelNationalNews. com, known as Arutz 7. Beit El, as the settlement is more usually spelled, was founded in 1977 and is now home to about 7, 000 religious residents. It was a hotbed of controversy in 2012 when the Israeli authorities followed a court order to evacuate 30 families from five buildings built illegally on private Palestinian land. According to an investigation by The Seventh Eye, an Israeli magazine, the contested neighborhood was built by a company linked to the one registered in the Marshall Islands that controls Arutz 7. Baruch Gordon, the director of development for Bet El Institutions, told Arutz 7 on Friday that it was “proud to be closely associated with Mr. Friedman,” calling him “a pioneer philanthropist and builder of Jewish institutions and housing projects in Judea and Samaria (a. k. a. the ‘West Bank’) and throughout the country. ” Mr. Friedman, whose middle name is Melech  —   Hebrew for king  —   grew up in North Woodmere, N. Y. one of four children of Rabbi Morris S. Friedman, who held the pulpit at Temple Hillel there for 46 years. In October 1984, President Ronald Reagan visited the synagogue and went to the Friedman family home for lunch, perhaps an early political influence on the  . He graduated from New York University School of Law in 1981, and has worked since 1994 at Kasowitz, Benson, Torres  Friedman L. L. P. where he is a partner. The firm represented Mr. Trump in his unsuccessful libel lawsuit against a former New York Times reporter, Timothy L. O’Brien, and its founding partner, Marc E. Kasowitz, twice this year threatened to sue The Times in relation to articles it was preparing regarding Mr. Trump’s treatment of women and income tax returns. Mr. Friedman’s connections to Israel date back to his bar mitzvah at the Western Wall. Friends describe him as a strong Zionist who spends many Jewish holidays and most of his summers in his Jerusalem apartment. He and his wife are renowned for gathering people for dinners in their sukkah, a hut observant Jews build on their balconies during a fall harvest festival. “His whole life, he’s been focused and extremely thoughtful about Israel and about the political situation there,” said Philip Rosen, whose friendship with Mr. Friedman began in law school. Anon Geva, the founder of an Israeli winery in which Mr. Friedman’s son’s company invested, said Mr. Freidman had invited everyone connected with the winery  —   about 30 people  —   for dinner one year in the sukkah. Mr. Geva recalled Mr. Friedman saying that he decided to buy a home in Jerusalem on the day in 2002 that a Palestinian suicide bomber blew himself up at Café Moment, a popular bar in the city, killing 11 Israelis. Mr. Kahana, who directs a task force on disabilities for the Jewish National Fund, said Mr. Friedman and some friends raised and donated several hundred thousand dollars to help build Aleh Negev, the village for disabled people, a joint project of the fund and the Israeli government. “He visited, and I must say, he was very concerned that this village is not only for Jewish kids, that it is also for Bedouin kids,” Mr. Kahana said. He called Mr. Friedman “very generous, very caring for needy people and especially people with disabilities. ” Mr. Rosen, who was   of Mitt Romney’s presidential campaign in 2012 and Senator Marco Rubio’s 2016 bid, said Mr. Friedman had developed a strong rapport with Mr. Trump that would allow him to be effective as his envoy. “They’ve worked together closely for a very long time, and he knows what Donald is thinking, and what Donald wants to accomplish,” Mr. Rosen said. Many of Mr. Friedman’s views are far to the right of the stated positions of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who has endorsed the principle of a Palestinian state alongside Israel. Mr. Netanyahu did not respond to Mr. Friedman’s selection, nor did Israel’s Foreign Ministry. But the deputy foreign minister, Tzipi Hotovely, who hails from the right flank of Mr. Netanyahu’s Likud Party, rushed to praise it, saying, “His positions reflect the desire to strengthen the standing of Israel’s capital Jerusalem at this time and to underscore that the settlements have never been the true problem in the area. ” A senior Palestinian cleric, Sheikh Ikrama Sabri, said during Friday Prayers that if Mr. Friedman managed to move the embassy to Jerusalem, “the U. S. is declaring a new war on the Palestinians and all Muslim Arabs. ” Saeb Erekat, the secretary general of the Palestine Liberation Organization, told reporters in the West Bank on Friday that Mr. Trump’s appointments were “his business,” but that it was “not up to Trump or anybody else” to take steps like moving the embassy to Jerusalem. Daniel C. Kurtzer, who served President George W. Bush as ambassador to Israel from 2001 to 2005, was alarmed by the appointment. “He has made clear that he will appeal to a small minority of Israeli  —   and American  —   extremists, ignoring the majority of Israelis who continue to seek peace,” Mr. Kurtzer, now a professor at Princeton, said in an interview. “Friedman’s appointment as ambassador runs directly contrary to Mr. Trump’s professed desire to make the ‘ultimate deal’ between Israelis and Palestinians. ”",0
16077,Customizing truth,"Posted on November 7, 2016 by Lawrence Davidson 
For those who might wonder why foreign policy makers repeatedly make bad choices, some insight might be drawn from the following analysis. The action here plays out in the United States, but the lessons are probably universal. 
Back in the early spring of 2003, George W. Bush initiated the invasion of Iraq. His public reason for doing so was the belief that the country’s dictator, Saddam Hussein, was on the verge of developing nuclear weapons. The real reason went beyond that charge and included a long-range plan for “regime change” in the Middle East. For our purposes we will concentrate on the belief that Iraq was about to become a hostile nuclear power. Why did President Bush and his close associates accept this scenario so readily? 
The short answer is Bush wanted, indeed needed, to believe it as a rationale for invading Iraq. At first he had tried to connect Saddam Hussein to the 11 September 2001 attacks on the U.S. Though he never gave up on that stratagem, the lack of evidence made it difficult to rally an American people, already fixated on Afghanistan, to support a war against Baghdad. However, the nuclear weapons gambit proved more fruitful, not because there was any hard evidence for the charge, but because supposedly reliable witnesses, in the persons of exiled anti-Saddam Iraqis, kept telling Bush and his advisers that the nuclear story was true. 
What we had was a U.S. leadership cadre whose worldview literally demanded a mortally dangerous Iraq, and informants who, in order to precipitate the overthrow of Saddam, were willing to tell the tale of pending atomic weapons. The strong desire to believe the tale of a nuclear Iraq lowered the threshold for proof . Likewise, the repeated assertions by assumed dependable Iraqi sources underpinned a nationwide U.S. campaign generating both fear and war-fever. 
So the U.S. and its allies insisted that the United Nations send in weapons inspectors to scour Iraq for evidence of a nuclear weapons program. That the inspectors could find no convincing evidence only frustrated the Bush administration and soon forced its hand. On 19 March 2003 Bush launched the invasion of Iraq. The expectation was that, once in occupation of the country, they would surely find those nukes. They did not. Their Iraqi informants had systematically lied to them. 
Social and behavioral sciences to the rescue? 
The various U.S. intelligence agencies were thoroughly shaken by this affair, and today, thirteen years later, their directors and managers are still trying to sort it out—specifically, how to tell when they are getting “true” intelligence and when they are being lied to. Or, as one intelligence worker has put it, we need “ help to protect us against armies of snake oil salesmen. ” To that end the CIA et al. are in the market for academic assistance. 
A “partnership” is being forged between the Office of the Director of National Intelligence( ODNI ), which serves as the coordinating center for the sixteen independent U.S. intelligence agencies, and the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine . The result of this collaboration will be a “ permanent Intelligence Community Studies Board ” to coordinate programs in “social and behavioral science research [that] might strengthen national security.” 
Despite this effort, it is almost certain that the “social and behavioral sciences” cannot give the spy agencies what they want—a way of detecting lies that is better than their present standard procedures of polygraph tests and interrogations. But even if they could, it might well make no difference, because the real problem is not to be found with the liars. It is to be found with the believers. 
Believers 
It is simply not true, as the ODNI leaders seem to assert, that U.S. intelligence agency personnel cannot tell, more often than not, that they are being lied to. This is the case because there are thousands of middle-echelon intelligence workers, desk officers, and specialists who know something closely approaching the truth—that is, they know pretty well what is going on in places like Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Libya, Israel, Palestine and elsewhere. Therefore, if someone feeds them “snake oil” they usually know it. However, having an accurate grasp of things is often to no avail because their superiors—those who got their appointments by accepting a pre-structured worldview—have different criterion for what is “true” than do the analysts. 
Listen to Charles Gaukel, of the National Intelligence Council—yet another organization that acts as a meeting ground for the 16 intelligence agencies. Referring to the search for a way to avoid getting taken in by lies, Mr. Gaukel has declared, “ We’re looking for truth. But we’re particularly looking for truth that works. ” Now what might that mean? 
I can certainly tell you what it means historically. It means that for the power brokers, “truth” must match up, fit with, their worldview—their political and ideological precepts. If it does not fit, it does not “work.” So the intelligence specialists who send their usually accurate assessments up the line to the policy makers often hit a roadblock caused by groupthink, ideological blinkers, and a “we know better” attitude. 
On the other hand, as long as what you’re selling the leadership matches up with what they want to believe, you can peddle them anything: imaginary Iraqi nukes, Israel as a Western-style democracy, Saudi Arabia as an indispensable ally, Libya as a liberated country, Bashar al-Assad as the real roadblock to peace in Syria, the Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI) aka Star Wars, a world that is getting colder and not warmer, American exceptionalism in all its glory—the list is almost endless. 
Conclusion 
What does this sad tale tell us? If you want to spend millions of dollars on social and behavioral science research to improve the assessment and use of intelligence, forget about the liars. What you want to look for is an antidote to the narrow-mindedness of the believers—the policymakers who seem not to be able raise above the ideological presumptions of their class—presumptions that underpin their self-confidence as they lead us all down slippery slopes. 
It has happened this way so often, and in so many places, that it is the source of Shakespeare’s determination that “what is past, is prelude.” Our elites play out our destines as if they have no free will—no capacity to break with structured ways of seeing. Yet the middle-echelon specialists keep sending their relatively accurate assessments up the ladder of power. Hope springs eternal. 
This work by MWC News is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License . 
Dr. Davidson has done extensive research and published in the areas of American perceptions of the Middle East, and Islamic Fundamentalism. His two latest publications are Islamic Fundamentalism (Greenwood Press, 1998) and America’s Palestine: Popular and Official Perceptions from Balfour to Israeli Statehood (University Press of Florida, 2001). He has published thirteen articles on various aspects of American perceptions of the Middle East. Dr. Davidson holds a BA from Rutgers, an MA from Georgetown University and a Ph.D. in history from the University of Alberta. This entry was posted in Analysis . Bookmark the permalink .",0
16078,"Alex Jones Leaks Megyn Kelly’s Interview Pitch: ’It’s Not Gonna Be Some Gotcha Hit Piece, I Promise’ - Breitbart","Alex Jones leaked the audio of a phone conversation Thursday night revealing Megyn Kelly promising him a fair,  “gotcha” interview as she invited him to appear on her new NBC News program. [“I don’t double cross,” Kelly tells Jones, repeatedly assuring him that her interview would not dwell on “conspiracy theories” or familiar   attacks against the independent broadcast host. Rather, Kelly says that the focus of the news profile would be to humanize Jones and explore his personal life.   Jones himself appears in the video, revealing the private phone conversation on his website InfoWars in advance of Kelly’s Sunday broadcast. He annotates the audio clips with his own commentary, NBC’s preview snippet of the   interview, and news clips about the ensuing uproar  —   where a besieged Kelly has denounced Jones’ coverage of the 2012 Sandy Hook mass shooting as “revolting. ” The video puts Kelly in a precarious position. As her fledgling weekend news magazine show fights for viability,   agitators have attacked her for interviewing Jones. A boycott sprang up before the broadcast ever aired, pressuring sponsors and reportedly convincing major brands to pull their . In response, she gave a statement contradicting nearly everything she promised in this phone call. “The very question that prompted this interview,” she claimed, is: “How does Jones, who traffics in these outrageous conspiracy theories, have the respect of the president of the United States and a growing audience of millions?” However, Jones has revealed, her pitch was the exact opposite: “I promise you that’s not what this will be [a hit piece],” she says. “It really will be about, who is this guy?” Later on, she expresses her hope that some liberal viewers would come out of the segment saying, “I see the guy who loves those kids and who is more complex than I’ve been led to believe. ” So, which statement is true? That conclusion is not as easy as one would assume. Kelly now finds herself in the unenviable position of appeasing corporate sponsors spooked by   outrage while also trying to establish herself as a trustworthy interviewer. bShe has nothing to lose if Alex Jones feels betrayed and never talks to her again, but she does express fear during their conversation that if he calls her out for a “hit piece,” she will have trouble getting any more controversial,   subjects to appear on her show. And, based on the preview clips, Kelly will have to square that broken promise with this fervent declaration about her character: She has nothing to lose if Alex Jones feels betrayed and never talks to her again, but she does express fear during their conversation that if he calls her out for a “hit piece,” she will have trouble getting any more controversial,   subjects to appear on her show. And, based on the preview clips, Kelly will have to square that broken promise with this fervent declaration about her character: All I can do is give you my word and tell you  —   if there’s one thing about me, I do what I say I’m gonna do. And I  —   I don’t double cross, so I promise you when it’s over you’ll say, “Absolutely. She did what she said she was gonna do. ” Jones states that he has only released “a few clips” of his full phone conversation with Kelly and that InfoWars taped the entire NBC interview “so that we can document   how she edited, how she manipulated. ” He concludes: “It shows the arrogance of Megyn Kelly that she didn’t think we’d record her to document what she really said and did. ” Read selected transcripts of the Alex   Kelly phone conversation below: KELLY: It’s sort of a good opportunity just for   storytelling. You know, it’s like  —   it’s not like the   interview, it’s like the   profiles of people. And at the top of my list was you. JONES: So it’s like an investigative report into “fake news”? KELLY: No. No, what we’re doing? JONES: Yeah. Come on. KELLY: No no no. Hell no. The reason you  —   I mean, I know you guys, you know, [inaudible]  —   The reason you are interesting to me is because I followed your custody case. And I think you had a very good point about the way the media was covering it and for some reason treated you and your family and what was going on as fair game when they never would have done that to, if you will, a mainstream media figure. And I saw a different side of you in that whole thing and I just  —   here, you know, you became very fascinating to me. I just sort of thought you were this maybe, you know,   guy  —   like, this is your thing  —   and the comments I heard from you during the course of that trial and your plea to the media to be respectful of you and your kids just reminded me that you’re just like anybody. You’re a dad, you go through the same things we go through, and I thought, “now, that would be an interesting story to tell. ”   …     JONES: Wouldn’t the argument be, then, in the show, ’cause I’ve seen that as a standard Democrat talking point  —   I’m not saying that’s what you’re doing  —   “Well, he asked for privacy in his family, but he didn’t do that for Sandy Hook and he didn’t do that for the pizzeria. ” KELLY: No, I mean, I can ask you about that, you know, but this is not gonna be a contentious, you know, sort of “gotcha” exchange. I  —   That’s not what this show is and that’s really not what I want to do. I want to do   profiles on people, just interesting people. So I can ask you that  —   “this is what the critics say”  —   but this isn’t gonna be a “ ! Let’s play a clip. ”   …     JONES: I don’t mind questions. What I don’t like is, did you know or did your producers do that you, where I said Hillary Clinton personally  —   and it was    so I could get the satire out. You guys, took it out of context, but  —   did personally kill kids by the Iraq war and Syria war or the Libya situation, and you guys cut the back off of that   —   it was in the same 30 seconds, where I said I’m not talking about the pizza place, I’m talking about in the Middle East. KELLY: No, this is completely unfamiliar to me. JONES: Remember you had James Alefantis on Fox News, you’re talking about fake news. KELLY: The guy from Comet Pizza? JONES: Yes, and then you played a clip of me saying Hillary personally kills children. KELLY: I, forgive me, Alex, but I don’t remember the clip. I remember him [pause] and, you know, the nature of that exchange, which I think is the only time I’ve ever said  —   um, [inaudible] anything. [In that Fox News segment, Kelly says to Alefantis: “And someone could have been killed inside of your restaurant for no good reason other than people like Alex Jones fanned a conspiracy theory that even the DC police say has no basis in fact. ”] JONES: Sure, sure, sure. I mean, all I’m saying is, I can send you the Right Wing Watch clip where first reported it, and they said, “Jones  ” you know, “said that Hillary killed all these kids but then said it in Syria and Libya. ” So, I mean I’m just telling you, that’s the kind of stuff that scares me, because I can stand for what I’ve said, and I can even say, yeah I probably shouldn’t [crosstalk] Sure, sure. KELLY: Listen, I’ll take a look at that. That’s very unfamiliar to me. All I can tell you is that I bend over backwards to make sure that doesn’t happen.   …     KELLY: I’m sort of  —   you know, for lack of a better term, I’m trying to create a different kind of program. And it’s fine. You know, I’ll ask you about some of the controversies, of course. And you’ll say whatever you want to say. But it’s not going to be some gotcha hit piece, I promise you that. I  —   it doesn’t do me any good. If I do that to you, then you go out there and you say, “She did a hit piece on me. This is what she said, and this is what she did. ” And then the next time I want to get somebody, they’re gonna say, “Look what you did to Alex Jones,” you know. “Screw you. ” So I promise you that’s not what this will be. It really will be about, who is this guy? And we’ll talk about some of the controversy, and I’ll ask you, and you can respond, and we’ll get into the whole, you know, what you’ve been through this past year. And my goal is for your listeners and the left, you know, who will be watching some on NBC, to say, “Wow, that was really interesting. ” [Note: At this point, the audio quality of Kelly’s phone call abruptly changes  —   All I can do is give you my word and tell you  —   if there’s one thing about me, I do what I say I’m gonna do. And I  —   I don’t double cross, so I promise you when it’s over you’ll say, “Absolutely. She did what she said she was gonna do. ” And you’ll be fine with it. I’m not looking to portray you as some boogeyman or, you know, do any sort of a gotcha moment. I just want to talk about you. I want people to get to know you. And the craziest thing of all would be if some of the people who have this insane version of you in their heads walk away saying, “You know what? I see, like, the dad in him. I see the guy who loves those kids and who is more complex than I’ve been led to believe. ” JONES: Sure, but just so you know,  like, on all the Sandy Hook things, I’ve had debates where I’ve shown both sides where I go back and forth, but I believe people died there. And then they never show me really saying that, over the years, you know, you can look where the people that think nobody died are the ones all that hate me on the other side of it. And so what I’m saying is, people take clips out of context  —   and I know I’ve done a lot of stuff, some of which I’m not proud of. So if people want to do a real piece or something, I mean, obviously, I don’t want to sit here and, like, dodge all these interviews. Like, I told  —   they wanted me to tape something for Charlie Rose’s show, they wanted me to tape something for The View. I’m not saying, oh, I’m such a big, you know, famous guy, it’s just that  —   KELLY: No no, I understand. JONES: These taping things really just lends itself to be, you know, to ask yourself to be run over. But I understand, obviously, this is a magazine show, so it’s highly produced.   …     KELLY: It’s like a whole new world over there [at NBC]. They deeply care about this kind of thing [fact checking]. And it’s not that we didn’t care on cable, it’s just a different game on cable. You know, you move faster, and it’s more real time and, you know, that’s just the fact that more mistakes get made. But I will promise you to personally look at any clips we want to use of you and have a producer run by you whether we are taking it in context and what you are saying about  —   JONES: Well, I say some pretty wild stuff, and I’ll admit to a lot of it’s satire, but also, I’m not trying to be, I’m not being fake about what I’m saying.   …     JONES: So this is like a reboot, relaunch for you  —   that you’re not the, you know,   or   pundit from Fox. You’re an investigative journalist that does magazine, you know, investigations, or  —   KELLY: Exactly. So it’s like an entirely different set of muscles. And trust me when I tell you, my goal is not to go out there and be like, “Oh my god, if I sit with her, she’s gonna kill me!” Like  —   but of course I’m gonna do a fair interview. I’m still me! You know, I’m not gonna go out there and be Barbara Walters. You know. You just trust me. It’s  —   I will ask you about the controversies. I will ask you in a non  —   you know, I’ll be fair about it. I’ll give you the chance to respond. And I really just want to talk about you, you know. You.   …     KELLY: I have not enjoyed being, in any way, on the pointy end of the political spear, you know. It was never anything I wanted to do. And so it’s not  —   you know, I would say that I’m a combination of Mike Wallace, Oprah Winfrey, and Larry the Cable Guy. JONES: [Laughter] I know the Larry the Cable Guy. He’s a good guy. KELLY: I love him! And, so, like, that’s what you’ll get in the interview. [Laughter] That’s  —   that’s what you’ll get in the interview. [Laughter] Get, you know, a little bit of all three of those. And hopefully, everybody will walk away feeling like they had a good dinner. You know, nutritious, some red meat, with some dessert at the end.",0
16079,U.S. militia girds for trouble as presidential election nears,"U.S. militia girds for trouble as presidential election nears 11/02/2016 
REUTERS 
Down a Georgia country road, camouflaged members of the Three Percent Security Force have mobilized for rifle practice, hand-to-hand combat training — and an impromptu campaign rally for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. 
“How many people are voting for Trump? Ooh-rah!” asks Chris Hill, a paralegal who goes by the code name “Bloodagent.” 
“Ooh-rah!” shout a dozen militia members in response, as morning sunlight sifted through the trees last weekend. 
As the most divisive presidential election in recent memory nears its conclusion, some armed militia groups are preparing for the possibility of a stolen election on Nov. 8 and civil unrest in the days following a victory by Democrat Hillary Clinton. 
They say they won’t fire the first shot, but they’re not planning to leave their guns at home, either. 
Trump’s populist campaign has energized militia members like Hill, who admire the Republican mogul’s promise to deport illegal immigrants, stop Muslims from entering the country and build a wall along the Mexico border. Trump has repeatedly warned that the election may be “rigged,” and has said he may not respect the results if he does not win. At least one paramilitary group, the Oath Keepers, has called on members to monitor voting sites for signs of fraud. 
Armed paramilitary groups first gained prominence in the early 1990s, fueled by confrontations in Ruby Ridge, Idaho and Waco, Texas, culminating in a militia sympathizer’s 1995 bombing of a federal office building in Oklahoma City that killed 168 people. 
Their numbers dwindled following that attack but have spiked in recent years, driven by fears that President Barack Obama will threaten gun ownership and erode the power of local government. The Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks extremist groups, estimates there were 276 active militias last year, up from 42 in 2008. 
In recent years, armed groups have confronted federal authorities in a series of land-use disputes in the western United States. Federal officials fear more clashes could come after seven militants were acquitted on conspiracy charges for occupying a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon. 
Many fear Clinton would push the county further to the left. 
“This is the last chance to save America from ruin,” Hill said. “I’m surprised I was able to survive or suffer through eight years of Obama without literally going insane, but Hillary is going to be more of the same.” 

EXTREMIST GROUPS EMBOLDENED 
The Oath Keepers, a prominent anti-government force that sent gun-toting members to the 2014 race riots in Ferguson, Missouri, called on members last week to monitor voting sites on election day for any signs of fraud. 
An hour south of Atlanta, the Three Percent Security Force started the day around the campfire, taking turns shooting automatic pistols and rifles at a makeshift target range. They whooped with approval when blasts from one member’s high-powered rifle knocked down a tree. 
The group operates independently, but is affiliated with a national armed movement that calls for members to defend individual rights in the face of what they see as an overreaching federal government. The movement draws its name from the notion that no more than 3 percent of the American population fought in the Revolutionary War against Britain. 
Amid the war games, Hill weighed plans for a possible armed march on Washington if Clinton wins. 
He said he doesn’t want his members leading the way, but they will defend the protesters if need be. His group will not hesitate to act if a President Clinton tries to disarm gun owners, he said. 
“I will be there to render assistance to my fellow countrymen, and prevent them from being disarmed, and I will fight and I will kill and I may die in the process,” said Hill, who founded the militia several years ago. 
Trump’s candidacy has emboldened extremist groups to speak more openly about challenging the rule of law, said Ryan Lenz, a researcher at the Southern Poverty Law Center. 
“Prior to this campaign season, these ideas were relegated to sort of the political fringe of the American political landscape,” he said. “Now these ideas are legitimized.” 
Over the past week, some prominent Trump supporters have hinted at violence. 
“If Trump loses, I’m grabbing my musket,” former Illinois Representative Joe Walsh wrote on Twitter last week. Conservative commentator Wayne Root fantasized about Clinton’s death while speaking at a Trump rally in Las Vegas on Sunday. 
Back in Georgia, the Three Percent Security Force wrapped up rifle practice in the midday sun. They then headed further into the trees to tackle an obstacle course with loaded pistols at their sides, ready for whatever may come. 
“We’ve building up for this, just like the Marines,” he said. “We are going to really train harder and try to increase our operational capabilities in the event that this is the day that we hoped would never come.” Share On:",0
16080,Overpopulation Lie Debunked: US Farmland Alone Can Feed the Whole World,"Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/overpopulation-lie-debunked-us-farmland.html Daily the mainstream media bombards us with news articles reinforcing the idea that humans are infesting the planet and overpopulating it like parasites sucking it dry of its resources. These bureaucrats have managed to convinced millions of their scheme, when in fact, it’s all a part of their plan to shove the ‘mass death’ agenda down people’s throats all while claiming they are ‘saving the Earth!’ It’s absurd! The truth is if all 6.9 billion of us stood shoulder to shoulder and gathered together in the same general location it would fill only the state of Los Angeles. Or if everyone in the world was given a small house and yard and were once again gathered together in the same general location, it would fill only the states of Texas, California, and New Mexico with room to spare.Don’t believe me? Let’s do the math. Texas has 171 million acres, California has 101 million acres, and New Mexico has 77 million acres , which is a grand total of 349 million acres of land. We can safely assume most households house two persons, (usually it’s more, but we’ll stick with two) If each household was given 0.10 acre (or 20 people per acre because there are 2 persons per household; which leaves plenty of room for a house and land); then we would have the total number of occupants at 6,980,000,000 persons (349 million acres x 20 people per acre). Which is more than enough room to house our 6,900,000,000 population. Keep in mind this doesn’t even take into consideration people living in apartments. The demographics can change based on how people are concentrated. See the map below. Thomas Malthus’ Overpopulation Lie Thomas Malthus, who is the originator of the overpopulation lie, was a British mathematician. His most studied work, “ An Essay on the Principle of Population as it Affects the Future Improvements of Society, with Remarks on the Speculations of M. Godwin, M. Condorcet and Other Writers ,” was first published around the late 1700′s. In it he stated, “Overpopulation would destroy the world unless war, famine, and disease rose to check human growth.” He theorized that when population increased and food production increased only arithmetically, then food production would no longer be able to keep up with the populace. He then declared that the world would be out of food by the year 1890. Obviously he was dead wrong and yet we still see his principles applied today. But how realistic is his belief that food would not keep up with demand? Consider this, it takes about 300 sq. meters to feed one person for a year. Since a kilometer is 1,000 meters, we could feed 3,333 people per sq. kilometer, but let’s use 3,000 people per sq. kilometer to make math easy. Meaning it would take 2,333,333 sq. kilometers (or 3000 ÷ 7,000,000,000) to feed the entire population for a year. The total farmland in the US is about 922,000,000 acres of land . There are 247.1 acres per sq. kilometer , meaning there is a total of 3,731,282 sq. kilometers (or 922,000,000 ÷ 247.1) of farm land. That’s more than the 2,333,333 sq. kilometers needed to feed the entire population. In other words, the farmland in the US can feed us all! So why does the Government Continue to Insist we are Overpopulated? That’s simple… MONEY, MONEY, MONEY, MONEY, MONEY! Along with many major corporations, they seek any opportunity to be billionaires. But even worse, these power elite — per the Georgia Guidestones — desire serious population reduction. Instead of the 6.9 billion population, they desire 500,000,000 people. Ultimately, their end game is EUGENICS! Al Gore , Bill Gates , Ted Turner , and others like them, are using their power, wealth, and influence to manipulate the masses. They believe they can decide who is worthy to live and die. Their eugenics agenda lives on, and the bought and controlled media continues to churn out propaganda telling us we have to die so that the Earth (and the elite) may live on. What a load of crap! In conclusion the world’s population is declining not increasing. As I see it fertility rates are rising, abortions are skyrocketing, contraception are in high demand, governments are limiting the number of children in China, we are eating sterilizing foods, and drinking fluoride water, which are all preventing us from any major population growth. Eventually we’ll enter a new paradigm in which the elderly outnumber the younger. In 30 years or so well see the full effect of what the power elite have in store for us. By Lisa Haven / Cover image Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
16081,Hygge is byllshytte,"Hygge is byllshytte 03-11-16 THE Danish art of liking pleasant things is a load of fyckinge wynk, it has been confirmed. ‘Hygge’, which translates as ‘blindingly obvious’, is a popular philosophy of enjoying nice stuff like cosy fires, eating food and warm winter socks in a smug, irritating way. Professor Henry Brubaker of the Institute for Studies said: “Having read several books on the subject, I learned that nice things are better than unpleasant things. “I’m not sure whether that’s a lesson for many of us, unless you’re one of those men who goes to a dominatrix to have you arse spanked with a cricket bat, in which case I suppose it might make you think. “I just don’t see how anyone could be into this.” Hygge fan Emma Bradford said: “It’s about enjoying the simple things in life, or just yet another excuse to pamper myself and enjoy lots of nice treats while thinking I am deep.” Professor Brubaker replied: “Fycke offe.” 
Share:",0
16082,New Video DESTROYS Democrats Over Their Obamacare LIES- NAILS IT!,"0 comments 
When Obamacare was voted in, it was by ALL Democrats, not one single Republican voted that garbage to existence. Now here we are with premiums skyrocketed, and set to increase EVEN more come 2017…to ridiculous heights. It’s all a huge mess…I mean… HUGE! 
Not everyone understands this, in the way they should. They only understand that they are losing money and the anxiety from it all is nearly throwing them into depression. I mean, we’re already working ourselves to the bone to live the “American Dream” that Obama has put so far out of reach in these last 8 years…do we really ALSO have to worry about being able to afford…staying ALIVE!? 
This is scary people! …and more should understand WHY it’s happening, so they can help do something about it. 
This video needs to go viral… 
Now I give you the new video…. “Broken Promises” 
Wasn’t that SPOT ON! 
Why does this need to spread everywhere? Because this is America, and we do not need to sit still and take this kind of abuse from the people making the choices in D.C. 
WE ARE THE PEOPLE! So we need to vote those asshats out of there, and get some people into the White House that actually love America and her people. 
It’s our country… squeeze the greed out of DC and exile it until forever. Related Items",0
16083,Comment on Disturbing Body Cam Shows Cop Execute Native American Woman for Holding Haircut Scissors by Ana,"  Disturbing Body Cam Shows Cop Execute Native American Woman for Holding Haircut Scissors Disturbing Body Cam Shows Cop Execute Native American Woman for Holding Haircut Scissors Matt Agorist July 28, 2016 56 Comments 
Winslow, AZ — In March, police officer Austin Shipley responded to a call about a woman acting irregularly in a store. Within minutes of his arrival, he would kill 27-year-old Native American woman Loreal Tsingine. 
Last week, conveniently before they released the body camera footage, Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery issued a statement excusing Officer Shipley and said he would not pursue criminal charges against him because he was protecting himself and another officer who felt “threatened” by the 100 lb woman. 
“After a careful review of the facts surrounding the case, including available video evidence and witness statements from all involved, my office found no evidence of criminal conduct on the part of Officer Shipley,” Montgomery’s statement said. 
Late Wednesday night, officials finally released the body camera footage from that fateful day. It confirms witness testimonies. 
Shipley claims that Tsingine brandished a pair of scissors which caused him to fear for his life and put five bullets into the 5-foot tall, 100 lb woman. However, witnesses saw a different version of events. 
According to Tsingine’s cousin, David Villaescusa, he watched a video of the incident which he says did not show her threaten the officer with the scissors. “She had a pair of scissors that she used to cut her hair split ends,” Villaescusa said. “She stood only five feet tall and weighed less than 100 lbs. Shipley, on the other hand, is over six feet tall and weighs over 200 pounds. I don’t think he had to shoot her.” 
“I watched the video,” explains Villaescusa. “She never raised those scissors towards the officer.” 
According to bystanders, Shipley showed up after another officer had Tsingine completely under control and had both hands behind her back — yet he continued to yell “stop resisting” as if he wanted the situation to escalate. Moments later, a troubled woman in need of mental help was lying on the ground twitching in a pool of her own blood. 
The cowardly and outright abusive behavior in the video below is hard to watch. 
Officer Austin Shipley is no stranger to hurting women, and, in fact, according to his fellow officers — he should have never been a cop. 
According to records obtained by the Associated Press , at least two officers who trained Shipley had serious concerns about his work, including that he was too quick to go for his service weapon, ignored directives from superiors and falsified reports. 
It gets worse. 
Before he was even hired as a police officer out of training in 2013, a police corporal recommended that the Winslow Police Department not hire him. 
Before Shipley finished the academy, Cpl. Ron Chisholm wrote to Lt. Ken Arend and police Chief Steve Garnett and said, “I do not believe that this officer should be retained by the Winslow Police Department” and outlined a list of reasons. He cited integrity issues, failing to control suspects, not communicating with other officers, not accurately reporting facts and repeatedly questioning his training officers’ directives, according to the report. 
But Chisholm wasn’t the only cop who saw trouble in hiring Shipley. Cpl. Jason Thermen also went on record to voice his concerns about Shipley in July of 2013. According to the AP, Thermen said Shipley wrongly believed his badge gave him license to harass the public and ridicule citizens of the small northeastern Arizona city. Thermen also said Shipley was “pouting” because he didn’t allow the trainee to get into fights with a drunken person and with someone during a welfare check. “Shipley advised me the next day he went home and ‘pouted’ because I took the fight away from him again,” Thermen wrote. In their reports, Chisholm and Thermen both noted that Shipley was a danger to society, yet somehow, this man was still given a badge and a gun. “If this behavior continues, it is going to get someone hurt,” Chisholm wrote, noting Shipley’s tendency to continue to go for his gun in situations where it was entirely uncalled for. Even after he was hired, Shipley continued to build his rap sheet. Twice in only three years, Shipley was written up for abusing girls. The first time was for making inappropriate comments to a teenage girl. But the next time he’d be written up, it was for unnecessarily tasering a different girl. As all of this information comes to light, the Native American community is being vindicated in their original claims of injustice. Their friend and daughter, who was undoubtedly troubled, did not deserve to die that night. However, her killer was irresponsibly given authority to initiate violence against citizens by a police department, and for their incompetence, a community now grieves and a killer cop remains on the streets. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist Share Google + Sgt. Killgood 
The person who hired this murder should be held accountable and brought up on conspiracy charges . Too much corruption in our D.O.J . Time to start thinning it out . Gerry Addley 
It would only make sense that all the Dexter’s’ of the world would migrate to this profession. kiljoy616 
A lot of them do actually. Plenty of stories over the years about the KKK all over the police forces and even Feds. I mean that is where the power to do anything is. Harder to harass if you don’t have the power of a corrupt system behind you. There is an article came out 2 years ago about how police department only hire 100 IQ or so people. People with higher IQ are not hired. But the best part is the court system upheld they could do this. ROFL. Kris Weibel 
When good cops call out the bad ones – publicly – then I will believe in the cops. rick 
He should be killed for killing an innocent person. elropo 
Be very careful saying this on a social page, DA;s love to prosecute for this kind of comments. Tho many agree with you. anna miller 
This follows along the lines of the ex-cop on his channel Downtown White Cop, who states that bad cops are given protection, and the good cops who speak out are punished or fired. Lt. Ken Arend and police Chief Steve Garnett should be held accountable, and also their higher ups as well. This is a systemic problem. The bad cops are under the controls of their higher ups. kiljoy616 
The system is to corrupt even up to the judges to fix. So no one is going to get fired and no one is going to be held responsible. If your still spouting the we need to fix the police then you are the problem. The police is a symptom of a bigger issue. anna miller 
exactly, we have been usurped, and they are going in for the big moves now. They deliberately hire psychopaths. Many police officials are now being trained in Israel. Oh and they have such upstanding police over there. Stuart H 
I know of who you speak, he is a retired cop and seems to be a stand up guy. There are more and more of these bad types out there now, and it is putting the public at risk and creating anymosity and mistrust between the people and police. Marilyn5632 
I basically get paid in the range of $6k-$8k monthly doing an online job. For anyone prepared to work basic freelance work for 2h-5h /a day at your house and get good payment in the same time… Then this opportunity is for you… http://ow.ly/bAic302l4rr 
fghfgh Lydia Mpls 
In MINNEAPOLIS we’re working to get a REFERENDUM on the Nov. Ballot to REQUIRE cops to have individual MALPRACTICE insurance that can be recinded for compalints & settlements. NO insurance, NO JOB as a Minneapolis cop. Would get rid of SOME of the legal thugs. Find out more: http://www.insurethepolice.org Ruth8564 
sadgasdg Joseph White 
The city should be sued for hiring an emotionally unstable bully. If the trainer, and other officers urged for him not to be hired and he was hired, then the city is culpable. Alberto 
This imbecile officer should’ve been arrested and fired for unnecessary use force. If I was a family member I would be hiring an attorney to sue the Department, the City, and pressure the DA to relook at this case. John Chabak 
They should also fire the people who hired him knowing he is as mentally unstable as any other psychopath with badge and gun. The Supreme Gentleman",0
16084,Russia & CIS Countries Launch Massive Air Drills,"Russia & CIS Countries Launch Massive Air Drills Over 130 Command Centers in Russia and CIS on Alert In Huge Air Drill Posted on October 27, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in News , World // 0 Comments Seven members of the Commonwealth of Independent States ( CIS ) have deployed over 100 fighter jets, long-range bombers and combat helicopters in a massive joint air defence exercise across eastern Europe and Central Asia. 
RT reports: 
More than 130 command and control centers have been put on alert in Russia and six former Soviet republics – Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan – the Russian Defense Ministry said in a statement on Wednesday. 
All the countries contribute to the integrated air defense system overseen by the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) – an alliance of former Soviet republics that emerged after the collapse of the USSR. 
The large-scale military exercise is to train high-readiness forces in dealing with “airspace violations, including by hijacked aircraft” as well as “assisting crews of aircraft in distress,” the ministry added. 
Some 100 aircraft, including Su-27, MiG-29 and MiG-31 fighter jets, Su-24 and Su-34 bombers, as well as Su-25 ground attack jets and combat helicopters provided by the allies, are expected to take part in the drill. 
Troops from electronic warfare and surface-to-air missile units are also participating. 
The exercise started at 8am Moscow time with Tu-160, Tu-95MS and Tu-22M3 aircraft given the roles of aggressor. The planes, simulating an adversary force, were spotted over Eastern European and Central Asian airspaces, the Russian military said. 
All units are being coordinated from a Russian Air Force command center located outside Moscow. 
The joint CIS air defense system, established in 1995, currently focuses on protecting the ex-Soviet countries’ airspace as well as providing air or missile strike early warnings and coordinated responses. 
Russia contributes the bulk of the system’s early warning and air defense capacities, with short- and long-range radar stations monitoring the area. 
Notably, the system does not have a single commander. It is collectively controlled by the chiefs of the air defense forces of the member states themselves. 
Bilateral air defense systems between Russia and its neighbors have also been established in recent years. Last December, an air defense agreement between Russia and Armenia was signed by the two countries’ defense ministers, Sergey Shoigu and Seyran Oganyan, respectively. 
In 2013 Moscow signed a separate treaty on a joint regional air defense system with Kazakhstan. Russian and Belarusian anti-aircraft missile forces have already been unified into an integrated system designed to contain any security threats in the European theater.",0
16085,John McCain in Munich: Trump Administration Is in ‘Disarray’,"Sen. John McCain wasted no time at the Munich Security Conference in Germany on Friday as he portrayed the Trump administration as being in a state of “disarray,” in contrast to the message of reassurance from administration officials. [McCain used the recent departure of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn to defend his portrayal of the administration as in “disarray. ”  “I think that the Flynn issue obviously is something that shows that in many respects this administration is in disarray and they’ve got a lot of work to do,” he said, according to the Huffington Post. McCain lauded Secretary of Defense Gen. James Mattis: “The president, I think, makes statements that on other occasions he contradicts himself. So we’ve learned to watch what the president does as opposed to what he says. ” McCain commented that his job was to work with President Donald Trump on areas where they agree. He spoke of the three coequal branches of the United States federal government, remarking on Trump’s recent   temporary travel restriction executive order: “I can assure you that    …     what we just saw on the immigration order that both the legislative and the judicial branches will be exercising our constitutional responsibilities. ” A senior White House foreign policy adviser told reporters this week that Vice President Mike Pence would seek to reassure U. S. commitment to European partners and the transatlantic alliance at the conference. In opening remarks to the conference, McCain said: I know there is profound concern across Europe and the world that America is laying down the mantle of global leadership. I can only speak for myself, but I do not believe that that is the message you will hear from all of the American leaders who cared enough to travel here to Munich this weekend. The senator continued, “These are dangerous times, but you should not count America out. ” McCain then pointed out that Secretary of Defense James Mattis, Vice President Pence, Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly, and a bipartisan congressional delegation traveled to the conference. A senior administration official told reporters this week that the vice president is attending the security conference on behalf of the President of the United States. Austrian Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz remarked that there was “still a lot of uncertainty,” according to the Post. Kurz said the “big topic” at the conference has centered around what to expect next from the United States. “Today, on behalf of President Trump, I bring you this assurance. The United States of America strongly supports NATO and will be unwavering in our commitment to this transatlantic alliance,” the vice president stated in a Saturday speech to conference participants. “For our part, thanks to President Trump, the United States will be stronger than ever before. Our leadership of the free world will not falter, even for a moment. ” Pence continued, “Today, tomorrow, and every day hence  —   be confident, that the United States is now and will always be your greatest ally. ” In closing, Pence said, “Our choice today is the same as it was in ages past: Security through shared sacrifice and strength, or an uncertain future characterized by disunity and faltering will. The United States chooses strength. The United States chooses friendship with Europe and a strong North Atlantic alliance. ” Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana.",0
16086,"Jimmy Breslin, Legendary New York City Newspaper Columnist, Dies at 88 - The New York Times","Jimmy Breslin, the New York City newspaper columnist and   author who leveled the powerful and elevated the powerless for more than 50 years with   words and a   wit, died on Sunday at his home in Manhattan. He was 88 and, until very recently, was still pushing somebody’s buttons with   jabs at his keyboard. His death was confirmed by his wife, Ronnie Eldridge, a prominent Democratic politician in Manhattan. Mr. Breslin had been recovering from pneumonia. With prose that was savagely funny, deceptively simple and poorly imitated, Mr. Breslin created his own distinct rhythm in the   music of newspapers. Here, for example, is how he described Clifton Pollard, the man who dug President John F. Kennedy’s grave, in a celebrated column from 1963 that sent legions of journalists to find their “gravedigger”: “Pollard is  . He is a slim man with a mustache who was born in Pittsburgh and served as a private in the 352nd Engineers battalion in Burma in World War II. He is an equipment operator, grade 10, which means he gets $3. 01 an hour. One of the last to serve John Fitzgerald Kennedy, who was the   President of this country, was a working man who earns $3. 01 an hour and said it was an honor to dig the grave. ” Here is how, in one of the columns that won the 1986 Pulitzer Prize for commentary, he focused on a single man, David Camacho, to humanize the AIDS epidemic, which was widely misunderstood at the time: “He had two good weeks in July and then the fever returned and he was back in the hospital for half of last August. He got out again and returned to Eighth Street. The date this time doesn’t count. By now, he measured nothing around him. Week, month, day, night, summer heat, fall chill, the color of the sky, the sound of the street, clothes, music, lights, wealth dwindled in meaning. ” And here is how he described what motivated Breslin the writer: “Rage is the only quality which has kept me, or anybody I have ever studied, writing columns for newspapers. ” Poetic and profane, softhearted and unforgiving, Mr. Breslin inspired every emotion but indifference letters from outraged readers gladdened his heart. He often went after his own, from   with “  faces” who had forgotten their hardscrabble roots to the Roman Catholic Church, whose sex scandals prompted him to write an angry book called “The Church That Forgot Christ,” published in 2004. It ends with a cheeky vow to start a new church that would demand more   housing and better posture. Love or loathe him, none could deny Mr. Breslin’s enduring impact on the craft of narrative nonfiction. He often explained that he merely applied a sportswriter’s visual sensibility to the news columns. Avoid the scrum of journalists gathered around the winner, he would advise, and go directly to the loser’s locker. This is how you find your gravedigger. “So you go to a big thing like this presidential assassination,” he said in an extended interview with The New York Times in 2006. “Well, you’re looking for the dressing room, that’s all. And I did. I went there automatic. ” Early on, Mr. Breslin developed the persona of the     Everyman from Queens, so consumed by life’s injustices and his six children that he barely had time to comb his wild black mane. While this persona shared a beer with the truth, Mr. Breslin also admired Dostoyevsky swam every day hadn’t had a drink in more than 30 years wrote a   of books and adhered to a demanding work ethic that required his presence in the moment, from a civil rights march in Alabama to a “perp walk” in Brooklyn  —   no matter that he never learned to drive. The real Jimmy Breslin was so elusive that even Mr. Breslin could not find him. “There have been many Jimmy Breslins because of all the people I identified with so much, turning me into them, or them into me, that I can’t explain one Jimmy Breslin,” he once wrote. Sometimes he presented himself as a regular guy who churned out words for pay other times he became the megalomaniacal stylist  —   “J. B. Number One,” he called himself  —   who was dogged by pale imitators with Irish surnames. On occasion he would wake up other reporters with telephone calls to say, simply, “I’m big. ” He cut longstanding ties over small slights, often published an annual list of “the people I’m not talking to this year,” and rarely hesitated to target powerful friends, depending on his depth of outrage and the time until deadline. He would occasionally refer to those who had fallen out of his favor only by their initials. After concluding that Gov. Hugh L. Carey of New York had become too enamored of fine living, for example, Mr. Breslin rechristened his old pal Society Carey, a nickname that stuck like gum on a handmade shoe. But when someone he knew was sick, whether a beloved daughter or the switchboard operator at work, Mr. Breslin would be at the bedside, offering his comforting gift of almost vaudevillian distraction. A man whose preferred manner of discourse was a yell, Mr. Breslin could be unkind, even vicious. In 1990, for example, he was suspended by his employer, Newsday, for a racist rant about a female   reporter who had dared to criticize one of his columns as sexist. At the same time, Mr. Breslin was unmatched in his attention to the poor and disenfranchised. If there is one hero in the Breslin canon, it is the single black mother, far removed from power, trying to make it through the week. According to his wife, Ms. Eldridge, Mr. Breslin became so upset by what he had witnessed in the streets of the city, streets he knew as well as anyone, that he often needed time to recover after writing his column. “Bad news puts him to bed,” she said. Mr. Breslin came honestly to his empathy and distrust. Born James Earle Breslin on Oct. 17, 1928, he grew up in the Richmond Hill section of Queens. When Jimmy was 6, his father, James, a musician, deserted the family, leaving him to share an apartment with an emotionally distant mother, Frances  —   a supervisor in the East Harlem office of the city’s welfare department who drank  —   as well as a younger sister, a grandmother and various aunts and uncles. Decades later, after Mr. Breslin had become famous, his father, destitute in Miami, came back into his life “like heavy snow through a broken window,” he wrote. He paid for his father’s medical bills and sent him a telegram that said, “NEXT TIME KILL YOURSELF. ” When his father died, in 1974, he paid for the cremation and said: “Good. That’s over. ” Mr. Breslin found early escape in newspapers. As a boy, he would spread the broadsheet pages across the floor and imagine himself on a Pullman car, filing stories from baseball ports of call: Chicago, St. Louis, Pittsburgh. Then The Long Island Press, in Jamaica, Queens, hired him as a copy boy in the late 1940s. High school took longer than necessary, and college received only a passing nod his life centered on deadlines and ink. After getting a job as a sportswriter for The New York   Mr. Breslin wrote a freshly funny book about the first season of the hapless Mets, “Can’t Anybody Here Play This Game?” It persuaded John Hay Whitney, the publisher of The New York Herald Tribune, to hire him as a news columnist in 1963. Soon Mr. Breslin was counted among the writers credited with inventing “New Journalism,” in which novelistic techniques are used to inject immediacy and narrative tension into the news. (Mr. Breslin, an admirer of sportswriters like Jimmy Cannon and Frank Graham, scoffed at this supposed contribution, saying that he and others had merely introduced   storytelling to a new generation.) Unleashed, Mr. Breslin issued regular dispatches that changed the craft of column writing, said the journalist and author Pete Hamill, a former colleague. “It seemed so new and original,” Mr. Hamill said. “It was a very, very important moment in New York journalism, and in national journalism. ” Mr. Breslin wrote about President Kennedy’s gravedigger, the sentencing of the union gangster Anthony Provenzano, the assassination of Malcolm X, and a stable of New York characters real and loosely based on reality, including the Mafia boss Un Occhio, the arsonist Marvin the Torch, the bookie Fat Thomas and Klein the lawyer. But Mr. Breslin’s greatest character was himself: the   boulevardier of bilious persuasion, often chaperoned by his superhumanly patient first wife, “the former Rosemary Dattolico. ” “Jimmy invented himself,” said Donald H. Forst, a prominent New York newspaper editor who died in 2014 and first worked with Mr. Breslin at The Herald Tribune. “He was irascible, extremely talented and very, very  . And he understood what news was. ” Mr. Breslin began his day early, making calls to judges, politicians, police officers and other journalists, always greeting them with words that signaled he was in the hunt for news: “What’s doin’?” “He just keeps calling until he has a column in his head,” Ms. Eldridge explained. “But then he has to go see it. ” Over the years, Mr. Breslin would leave daily newspapers in search of better pay. In 1969, for example, he resigned from The New York Post after writing his first novel, “The Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight,” a   satire about the Mafia that was later made into a forgettable movie. But he repeatedly succumbed to the sirens of daily journalism, first at The Daily News, then at New York Newsday, then at Newsday on Long Island, then back to The Daily News. “Once you get back in the newspapers, it’s like heroin,” Mr. Breslin told The Times. “You’re there. That’s all. ” Mr. Breslin always seemed to be “there. ” He became one of the first staff writers at New York magazine. In 1968, he was nearby when Robert F. Kennedy was assassinated in Los Angeles. In 1969, he ran for City Council president on a wacky, wildly unsuccessful ticket that included Norman Mailer for mayor. (Their contention that New York City should become the 51st state found little traction.) In 1986, he broke the story of how the Queens borough president, Donald R. Manes, had been implicated in a payoff swindle involving city officials two months later, Mr. Manes committed suicide. And in 1977, most famously, Mr. Breslin received a chilling letter from the serial killer known as Son of Sam, who, by that point, had killed five young people in New York and wounded several others with a .  revolver. “P. S.: JB, Please inform all the detectives working the case that I wish them the best of luck,” the killer wrote. Mr. Breslin published the note with an appeal for Son of Sam to surrender, but the killer, David Berkowitz, struck twice more before being captured. The New Yorker magazine accused Mr. Breslin of exploiting the moment and feeding the killer’s ego. But he countered that he had published the letter at the suggestion of detectives, who thought it could encourage the killer to write another note that might bear clearer fingerprints. Mr. Breslin won nearly every award known to the newspaper business, and also distinguished himself as a critically acclaimed author. He wrote novels, including “World Without End, Amen” (1973) a transcontinental love story set against the Troubles in Belfast, and “Table Money” (1986) about a Queens housewife freeing herself from her husband, an alcoholic sandhog. He wrote biographies of Damon Runyon and Branch Rickey. He wrote “The Good Rat” (2008) in which he used the saga of two New York police detectives working as Mafia hit men to share his funny,   insights into mob culture. Perhaps the quintessential Breslin book was “The Short Sweet Dream of Eduardo Gutierrez,” published in 2002, in which he focused on the death of an unauthorized Mexican worker at a flawed Brooklyn construction site to rail against the shoddy building practices, political cowardice and racism of his beloved city. Trial and tragedy accompanied his many triumphs. In 1981, Mr. Breslin’s first wife, Rosemary, died of cancer she was 50. In 2004, his elder daughter, Rosemary, a writer, died of a rare blood disease she was 47. In 2009, his other daughter, Kelly, died after collapsing in a Manhattan restaurant she was 44. At these times, friends say, words failed even Jimmy Breslin. But Mr. Breslin always returned to the distraction and urgency of writing. In 1982, he married Ms. Eldridge in a   union that, with his six children and her three, provided rich column material. (“Everybody hated each other,” he told The Times. “It was beautiful. ”) In 1994, he underwent surgery for a brain aneurysm that threatened what he called his “  memory,” an experience that led to a memoir, published in 1996, called “I Want to Thank My Brain for Remembering Me. ” “Think of it: He still works every day,” former Gov. Mario M. Cuomo, a close friend who died in 2015, wrote in remarks prepared for a 2009 celebration of Mr. Breslin. “Writing, or thinking about writing, and he has done it for 60 years, nearly 22, 000 days and nights  —   except for the short hiatus when doctors were forced to drill a hole in his head to let out of his congested brain some of his unused lines. Then he wrote a book about it!” In addition to his wife, Ms. Eldridge, a former city councilwoman from Manhattan, Mr. Breslin is survived by his four sons, Kevin, James, Patrick and Christopher a stepson, Daniel Eldridge two stepdaughters, Emily and Lucy Eldridge a sister, Deirdre Breslin and 12 grandchildren. In 2004, Mr. Breslin resigned from his     job at Newsday to pursue other writing projects. But in 2011, he briefly returned to The Daily News to write a weekly column, in which he revisited old mob acquaintances, reflected on the plight of   and denounced the deaths of the young in wars waged by the old. It was as though he could not help himself. Telling the stories of others, he once wrote, allowed him to suppress his feelings about his own story  —   including, say, a father’s abandonment. “I replaced my feelings with what I felt were the feelings of others, and that changed with each thing I went to, so I was about 67 people in my life,” he wrote. Telling stories was how Mr. Breslin communicated. In 1994, as he was about to undergo brain surgery, he told a nurse about Bo Gee, a small, thirsty man who sold   newspapers in the bars and restaurants of the East Side. Between drinks, the man would call out the two headlines that sold the most papers. One was “War!” Mr. Breslin told the nurse. And the other: “Big Guy Dies. ”",0
16087,"Jake Tapper, Tom Price Battle Over Medicaid ’Broken Promise’ - Breitbart","Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Jake Tapper pressed Health Secretary Tom Price on the American Health Care Act’s cuts from Medicaid.  The exchange opened with Tapper asking, “According to the congressional budget office, the health care bill that just passed the house would cut $880 billion over ten years from Medicaid. I know that the trump Administration is excited that Medicaid will go back to the states where they have more control and can experiment and be more efficient, but without question, $880 billion fewer dollars is a cut. How is this not a broken promise?” Price answered, “Look at the Medicaid promise that program that we have right now and   of physicians that should be seeing Medicaid patients aren’t. There a flaw in the program. Imagine a system that works better for patients. Medicaid deals with disabled, elderly, healthy moms and kids. and yet the federal government has said to the states up to this point you have to treat every sink gel one of those individuals exactly the same. That doesn’t make sense to anybody. So what we’re fashioning is a system that would allow the states to tailor that Medicaid program to those specific individuals saving money but also a higher level of care than they currently do. Sounds like it makes a lot of sense. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
16088,President James K. Polk’s Body May Be Moved. Again. - The New York Times,"NASHVILLE  —   It is the latest chapter in one of the more tangled stories of an American presidential corpse  —   a tale of love and cholera, betrayal and real estate, honor and probate law. But having been interred in three different places since his death in 1849, James K. Polk, the 11th president of the United States, now faces the prospect of having his sleep disturbed yet again. A new proposal making its way through the Tennessee legislature calls for digging up the bodies of Polk and his wife, Sarah Childress Polk, both of which have been buried on the grounds of the state Capitol for more than a century. They would then be relocated to a final resting place at a Polk family home and museum in the small city of Columbia. Supporters say the move will properly honor an unjustly overlooked president, a man who expanded the territory of the United States by a third, signed a law establishing the Smithsonian Institution and created the Naval Academy. Opponents, including Teresa Elam, 65, a distant relative of Polk’s, are calling it nothing short of macabre, and an unsavory effort to promote tourism in Columbia, a city of 37, 000 about 50 miles south of Nashville that is otherwise known for a colorful yearly celebration of its   industry. “They’re desecrating a grave,” said Ms. Elam, who has walked the halls of the Capitol with a sheaf of historical documents, making her case to lawmakers. “It’s been on the Capitol grounds for about 124 years. It’s dishonor and disrespect. ” The relocation of a president’s body after death is not  . In 1858, the remains of James Monroe, the fifth president, were moved from New York to his native Virginia, at a time of rising sectional tension. And the coffin of President Abraham Lincoln has been moved around his burial spot in Springfield, Ill. at least 17 times, by one count, including a bizarre thwarted effort in 1876 to steal his body and hold it for ransom. Here, the prospect that the presidential remains could be moved yet again has prompted rare fits of passion on the topic of Polk, a man historians have called “priggish” and “colorless,” and one whose legacy is often overshadowed by his    mentor, Andrew Jackson, who is buried at the Hermitage, his family plantation, a major tourist draw here. Indeed, when President Trump, who often likens himself to Jackson, visited Nashville this month, he laid a wreath on Jackson’s tomb, honoring him in a speech as a president who “understood that real leadership means putting America first. ” If Mr. Trump knew where Polk’s tomb was, he did not let on. On Monday, the State Senate is expected to vote on a resolution that would be the first step in an approval process for relocating the bodies. Disinterring the remains will also require the approval of the state’s House of Representatives, the governor, the Tennessee Historical Commission and a local judge. The Polks’ grave, which is currently tucked away on a grassy patch, was designed by William Strickland, the noted Greek Revival architect who designed the state Capitol and George Washington’s sarcophagus at Mount Vernon in Virginia. A handsome monument framed by classical columns notes that Polk “planted the laws of the American union on the shores of the Pacific. ” The grave is dwarfed by a nearby equestrian statue of Jackson. State Senator Joey Hensley, a Republican representing Columbia and the sponsor of the bill, said the grave seems overlooked in its current spot. “I honestly served up here 14 years and had never seen the site,” he said on Thursday. “It’s not handicap accessible. It’s not really talked about much when they do the Capitol tour. Not many people visit it. It’s just not a very good place to honor his legacy. ” Much drama preceded the grave’s ultimate location. Polk had numerous ailments. An operation for urinary stones as a teenager is likely to have left him sterile or impotent, and may explain why he did not have children, according to John Seigenthaler, one of his biographers. Polk left the White House in 1849 after serving just one term, as he had promised, and returned that April to Nashville, where he had previously served a   term as governor. But the city was in the midst of a cholera outbreak, and Polk contracted the disease and died in June at age 53. Tom Price, the curator of the President James K. Polk Home and Museum in Columbia, said that by city ordinance, cholera victims at the time had to be buried at the municipal cemetery on the edge of town. By May 1850, however, Polk was moved to Polk Place, a grand home a few blocks from the Capitol that he had bought in 1847. His wife, a formidable woman who did much to shape his career, remained in Polk Place, celebrated as one of the nation’s most famous widows, until her death in 1891. Then things got complicated. In a will he drew up five months before his death, Polk, a lawyer, stipulated that both his body and that of his wife should be buried on the premises of Polk Place. He also stipulated that after his death and his wife’s, the property should be held in trust by the state, which must always allow a blood relative to live there. Upon the death of Polk’s wife, a number of heirs filed a lawsuit arguing that the will was invalid. According to Bill Carey, a local researcher and writer, the court ruled in their favor, on the grounds that the will violated the   rule against perpetuities, which limits an owner’s ability to leave property to unborn future generations. Polk Place was sold and torn down today, there is a boutique hotel on the property. On Sept. 19, 1893, Polk’s body was moved to the Capitol, where he was buried alongside his wife. “In my mind,” Mr. Carey wrote in 2015, “the reinterment of President and Mrs. Polk is one of the most disrespectful deeds ever committed by the state of Tennessee. ” Critics of the new plan include Carroll Van West, the state historian. “When Polk left the White House he came home to Nashville, and his wife stayed there for decades afterward,” Mr. Van West told The Nashville Scene last week. On Wednesday, Mr. Price, the curator of Polk House, gave a tour of the   historical property. It was late afternoon and there were no other visitors. The handsome   home was built by Polk’s father in 1816. Polk lived in it as a young man from 1818 to 1824. Today it is furnished with much of the furniture from Polk Place. A gift shop sells jars of Polk Pickles and bottles of President’s Choice wine. Mr. Price acknowledged that it was difficult to get students, even from schools around Columbia, to tour the home because Jackson’s famous Hermitage is so close by. But he insisted that the proposal to move Polk’s body was not about tourism, as much as it was about honoring a president’s wishes. “He wanted to be buried at home,” he said, and this was as close as Polk could get.",0
16089,"Ryan: ’Tomorrow, We’re Proceeding’ on American Health Care Act - Breitbart","While speaking to reporters on Capitol Hill about the American Health Care Act after the GOP’s meeting on the bill on Thursday, Speaker of the House Representative Paul Ryan ( ) stated, “tomorrow, we’re proceeding. ”  Ryan said, “We have been promising the American people that we will repeal and replace this broken law [the Affordable Care Act] because it’s collapsing, and it’s failing families, and tomorrow, we’re proceeding. ” After he concluded with his statement, Ryan left, and did not answer a shouted question on whether the bill has enough members who are willing to vote for it to pass. Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
16090,"Egyptian Prosecutor Orders Release of Hosni Mubarak, President Toppled in 2011 - The New York Times","CAIRO  —   An Egyptian prosecutor ordered Hosni Mubarak, the toppled autocrat, released from the Maadi Military Hospital in southern Cairo, where he has been held for much of the last six years. But as of Monday night, Mr. Mubarak, 88, still had not left the hospital, underscoring the murkiness surrounding his status. His detention has been viewed by many Egyptians as a political matter as much as a legal one. Mr. Mubarak led Egypt for almost 30 years until he was toppled in 2011. He was later prosecuted on a variety of charges, including corruption and murder, but almost all the cases eventually foundered. His only standing conviction is for his role in embezzling state funds to redecorate his family’s lavish residences. He appeared to be set for release earlier this month after the country’s top appeals court cleared him of responsibility for the killings of 239 protesters by the police. On Monday, the Cairo prosecutor, Ibrahim Saleh, ruled that there was no longer any reason to hold him. “As far as I am concerned, he was in prison until today, and now he is free,” Mr. Saleh said in a telephone interview. Mr. Mubarak’s longtime lawyer, Farid   said Monday that Mr. Mubarak would be released from detention in the next few days. The freeing of one of the Arab world’s most notorious strongman leaders, a longtime American ally accused of cronyism and corruption, would be a landmark in Egyptian history. In some respects it illustrates how little the country has changed, despite the tumultuous days of the Arab Spring, when millions of Egyptians thronged the streets clamoring for a radical new direction. Some of those frustrations were evident on Monday on social media, one of the few avenues of free speech left in Egypt, where some people were voicing bitter criticism by borrowing a phrase, “on the asphalt,” that is usually associated with the release of jailed democracy activists. “Mubarak on the asphalt, and the youths are in prison,” a Twitter user who gave his name as Mohamed 303 wrote. Even so, Mr. Mubarak’s supporters have begun to shrug off the stigma associated with his name and to praise him as a bulwark against chaos. “Regardless of Mubarak’s disasters, he did not run away,” wrote another Twitter user who gave his name as Mohamed. “He appeared in court, and he did not bring strife to this country. ” Though the prosecutor’s release order was not surprising, it was undoubtedly awkward for Egypt’s current leader, President Abdel Fattah   who sometimes praises the revolution that overthrew Mr. Mubarak. As a former president, Mr. Mubarak will enjoy state protection at his home in Heliopolis, the affluent Cairo neighborhood where he lived for much of his rule. His lawyer said that is where he will go when he leaves the hospital. His legal woes are not entirely over. He has been implicated in a corruption case over the theft of funds from a   newspaper, and the Illicit Gains Authority has a   investigation into the sources of his wealth. Those matters will help Mr. Sisi keep Mr. Mubarak in line, according to Hossam Bahgat, a prominent journalist who has also investigated Mr. Mubarak’s wealth. “They are keeping those cases, in case they want to punish him, or if he does something wrong,” Mr. Bahgat said. Mr. Mubarak’s decision to cede power in February 2011 had ripple effects throughout the Arab world, and preceded the overthrow of longtime dictators in Libya and Yemen later that year. But the promise of the Arab Spring soon dissipated as Libya and Yemen plunged into chaos, Syria descended into civil war, and the militants of the Islamic State used the resulting chaos to pursue their vision of jihadist Armageddon. The first democratic presidential election in Egypt’s history brought Mohamed Morsi, a leader of the Muslim Brotherhood, to power in June 2012. But just 12 months later, he was ousted by military officers and replaced with Mr. Sisi, a serving general who later left the military to become a civilian president. Under Mr. Sisi, Egypt’s courts have jailed tens of thousands of Brotherhood members, opposition activists, lawyers, journalists and other critics of his rule. The political prisoners include many of the same people who helped topple Mr. Mubarak in 2011  —   a paradox that will not be lost on many Egyptians if Mr. Mubarak is indeed released. Mr. Sisi pardoned 203 prisoners on Monday who had been held for “politically related crimes,” but the list did not include any prominent opposition activists.",0
16091,Twitter Is Said to Be Discussing a Possible Takeover - The New York Times,"Twitter has long positioned itself as a global town square where anyone  —   celebrities, politicians, athletes, and you and me  —   can chat in   messages and find out about whatever is happening in the moment. But with that premise not drawing enough new people to the social media service, Twitter is now rethinking whether it can survive as an independent company and is exploring several strategic options. Twitter, based in San Francisco, is talking with Salesforce. com, Google and others about a possible takeover of the company, people briefed on the discussions said on Friday. The talks are in the early stages, these people said, with no guarantee that a deal will be reached. In particular, Jack Dorsey, Twitter’s chief executive, is resistant to selling to some of the potential acquirers, they said. Twitter is also weighing a possible revamping that could involve divestitures and layoffs, the people said. Two divisions that Twitter is considering divesting itself of are Vine, the mobile   video service, and MoPub, a mobile advertising business, they said. The company is working with the investment banks Goldman Sachs and Allen  Company on its options. A Twitter representative declined to comment, as did a representative from Google. A Salesforce spokeswoman said the company does “not comment on rumors and speculation. ” On Friday, shares of Twitter surged more than 21 percent after CNBC reported that the company had received takeover interest, though the stock still ended the day below the price at which it went public  —   $26 a share  —   in November 2013. For two years, Twitter has been casting about for ways to attract new users and to become a social media destination on the order of Facebook. While people initially flocked to Twitter, its   growth has slowed sharply as people complained about how difficult it was to use the service. At the same time, Facebook and its suite of offerings like Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger continued to outpace Twitter in user growth and profitability, while    Snapchat has become the newest darling of the social media world. Lack of growth also began to erode advertiser demand, which had remained robust even as Twitter’s overall number of users stagnated at around 313 million people. Advertisers aiming for big audiences tended to choose Facebook, while those looking for younger audiences have the option of Snapchat. Twitter has endured internal turmoil and a revolving door of executives and board members. Mr. Dorsey, a   who became permanent chief executive of Twitter almost a year ago, has vowed to turn it around by making it easier to use and by emphasizing   elements that could make it more essential to people. “Twitter is live: live commentary, live conversations, live connections,” Mr. Dorsey has said. To make good on those comments, Twitter has a signed a series of partnerships to stream live events, including National Football League games on Thursday nights and the coming presidential debates. This month, Twitter unveiled a free app for Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV and Microsoft’s Xbox One so that the live events can be streamed to a much larger audience. The company is also emphasizing selling more premium video ads. But after several false starts, critics are skeptical that these efforts will work. Mark Mahaney, an analyst with RBC Capital Markets, said Twitter’s revenue might fall to less than 10 percent growth this year and added that if no acquirer emerged soon, the stock would plummet further. He recommended this week that shareholders sell their Twitter stock based on an anemic advertising forecast for the company. On Friday, how interested Google or Salesforce might be in buying Twitter, along with the identities of other possible bidders, became something of a parlor guessing game in Silicon Valley. Google’s name has surfaced in the past as a logical buyer because of the internet search company’s size and digital portfolio. Media companies have also been considered possible suitors. Why Salesforce might be interested in Twitter was a   to some people. Salesforce is an enterprise technology company that focuses on businesses and not individuals, as Twitter does. But Salesforce has publicly expressed interest in owning a social network, which the company believes can bolster its main business of selling software and services to business clients. Many companies use Twitter to handle customer service requests and complaints, for example. Salesforce’s chief executive, Marc Benioff, conceded this summer that his company had bid aggressively for the   social networking site LinkedIn, which instead sold to Microsoft for $26. 2 billion in June. Salesforce’s chief digital evangelist, Vala Afshar, on Friday posted on Twitter some of the attractions that a deal might have for his employer. Among them: Twitter’s “personal learning network,” “the best     news,” “democratize intelligence” and “great place to promote others. ” Mr. Afshar later said the thoughts were just his opinion. Compared with its social media and internet peers, Twitter is more susceptible to a takeover because it has only one class of stock. Companies like Facebook and Google’s parent, Alphabet, have multiple classes of shares, which gives their founders tight control over their companies and guarantee independence. Twitter has $3. 6 billion in cash on hand and $1. 6 billion of debt, according to Standard  Poor’s Global Market Intelligence. Microsoft paid a premium of nearly 50 percent for LinkedIn, although any sale of Twitter is unlikely to bring such a rich price.",0
16092,"Democrats Hoped to Hurt Trump, but Raised Suspicions of Obama - Breitbart","The mainstream media have been doing a victory lap since the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the National Security Agency (NSA) confirmed on Monday in testimony before the U. S. House Intelligence Committee that President Barack Obama did not wiretap Trump Tower. But that was already known. [There was only one new revelation at the hearing, and it was a bombshell: senior Obama administration officials could have known the identities of surveillance targets.  One of those targets, retired General Michael Flynn, lost his job after it was revealed that his conversation with the Russian ambassador had been monitored, and that he had discussed sanctions relief, contrary to his early private and public claims. Yet Flynn’s identity was never supposed to have been revealed. The surveillance of the Russian ambassador, routine though it may have been, yielded classified information, and the identity of any U. S. citizen swept up in it should have been redacted. But Flynn’s name was unmasked and leaked to the media. Moreover, the New York Times reported on Jan. 19  —   with a       headline on Inauguration Day  —   that “intelligence reports based on some of the wiretapped communications had been provided to the White House. ” And the Times also reported in February that surveillance of Trump aides suspected of ties with Russia had been disseminated widely throughout the government, without privacy protections, by order of the lame duck Obama administration under   NSA rules, which the Times had already reported earlier in January. Monday’s hearing “debunked” Trump’s wiretapping tweets, but left his underlying claim intact: that there was surveillance of the Trump campaign that the results were shared throughout the government  —   even possibly reaching the Obama White House and that intelligence was leaked, illegally, to the mainstream media. In an extraordinary exchange with FBI Director James Comey on Monday, Rep. Trey Gowdy ( ) explored what that meant  —   that Obama aides could have broken the law: GOWDY: Do you know whether Director [of National Intelligence] James Clapper knew the name of the U. S. citizen that appeared in the New York Times and Washington Post? COMEY: I can’t say in this forum because again, I don’t wanna confirm that there was classified information in the newspaper. GOWDY: Would he have access to an unmasked name? COMEY: In  —   in some circumstances, sure, he was the director of national intelligence. But I’m not talking about the particular. GOWDY: Would Director [of the Central Intelligence Agency James] Brennan have access to an unmasked U. S. citizen’s name? COMEY: In some circumstances, yes. GOWDY: Would National Security Adviser Susan Rice have access to an unmasked U. S. citizen’s name? COMEY: I think any  —   yes, in general, and any other national security adviser would, I think, as a matter of their ordinary course of their business. GOWDY: Would former White House Advisor Ben Rhodes have access to an unmasked U. S. citizen’s name? COMEY: I don’t know the answer to that. GOWDY: Would former Attorney General Loretta Lynch have access to an unmasked U. S. citizen’s name? COMEY: In general, yes, as would any attorney general. GOWDY: So that would also include Acting AG Sally Yates? COMEY: Same answer. GOWDY: Did you brief President Obama on  —   well, I’ll just ask you. Did you brief President Obama on any calls involving Michael Flynn? COMEY: I’m not gonna get into either that particular case that matter, or any conversations I had with the president. So I can’t answer that. Gowdy’s questioning revealed an astonishing list of potential suspects. And given that the FBI and NSA testified that there was still no evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian government, the fact remains that the only crime that is known to have occurred with absolute certainty was the leaking of Flynn’s name and the contents of his conversation with the Russian ambassador. Democrats hoped to hurt Trump. Instead, they raised more questions about Obama’s role. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
16093,حميميم: 44 عملية قصف من قبل المسلحين خلال الساعات الـ24 الماضية - RT Arabic,"انسخ الرابط http://ar.rt.com/i5hy أعلن مركز التنسيق الروسي للمصالحة في سوريا، الاربعاء 26 أكتوبر/تشرين الأول، أن 44 عملية قصف تم رصدها في مختلف أنخاء البلاد خلال الساعات الـ24 الماضية. 
وفي بيان يومي، أوضح المركز الذي مقره مطار حميميم بريف اللاذقية، أن المسلحين قصفوا بلدات وأحياء سكنية، في أرياف حلب (19) ودمشق (18) وحماة (3) واللاذقية (3) ودير الزور (1). 
وذكر البيان أن عدد المدن والبلدات المنضمة إلى عملية المصالحة الوطنية بلغ 851، مع توقيع اتفاقات مصالحة مع إدارات 4 بلدات، في ريفي حماة والسويداء. 
وأشار إلى أن الطائرات الحربية الروسية والسورية لم تستهدف تنظيمات مسلحة سبق أن أعلنت وقف القتال وأبلغت المركز الروسي أو مركز المتابعة الأمريكي عن أماكن تواجدها. 
المصدر: وزارة الدفاع الروسية تعليمات استخدام خدمة التعليقات على صفحات موقع قناة ""RT Arabic"" (اضغط هنا) العناوين ",0
16094,All Wars Are Bankers’ Wars [VIDEO],"Click Here To Learn More About Alexandra's Personalized Essences Psychic Protection Click Here for More Information on Psychic Protection! Implant Removal Series Click here to listen to the IRP and SA/DNA Process Read The Testimonials Click Here To Read What Others Are Experiencing! Copyright © 2012 by Galactic Connection. All Rights Reserved. 
Excerpts may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Alexandra Meadors and www.galacticconnection.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of any material on this website without express and written permission from its author and owner is strictly prohibited. Thank you. 
Privacy Policy 
By subscribing to GalacticConnection.com you acknowledge that your name and e-mail address will be added to our database. As with all other personal information, only working affiliates of GalacticConnection.com have access to this data. We do not give GalacticConnection.com addresses to outside companies, nor will we ever rent or sell your email address. Any e-mail you send to GalacticConnection.com is completely confidential. Therefore, we will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. Continue reading... Galactic Connection 2016 | Design & Development by AA at Superluminal Systems Sign Up forOur Newsletter 
Join our newsletter to receive exclusive updates, interviews, discounts, and more. Join Us!",0
16095,FULL REMARKS: MILO Delivers Speech at Press Conference Amid Video Scandal - Breitbart,"The following remarks were delivered by Milo Yiannopoulos at a Tuesday press conference in New York City.[  I am a gay man, and a child abuse victim. Between the ages of 13 and 16, two men touched me in ways they should not have. One of those men was a priest. My relationship with my abusers is complicated by the fact that, at the time, I did not perceive what was happening to me as abusive. I can look back now and see that it was. I still don’t view myself as a victim. But I am one. Looking back, I can see the effects it had on me. In the years after what happened, I fell into alcohol and nihilistic partying that lasted well into my late 20s. A few years ago I realised it was time to do something good with my life. I started focusing on work. But the black comedy, gallows humor and love of shock value I developed in my 20s did not go away. I’ve reviewed the tapes that appeared last night in their proper full context and I don’t believe they say what is being reported. Nonetheless I do say some things on the tapes that I do not mean and which do not reflect my views. My experiences as a victim led me to believe I could say anything I wanted to on this subject, no matter how outrageous. But I understand that my usual blend of British sarcasm, provocation and gallows humor might have come across as flippancy, a lack of care for other victims or, worse, “advocacy. ” I am horrified by that impression. I would like to restate my disgust at adults who sexually abuse minors. I am horrified by pedophilia and I have devoted large portions of my career as a journalist to exposing child abusers. I’ve outed three of them, in fact  —   three more than most of my critics. And I’ve repeatedly expressed disgust at pedophilia in my feature and opinion writing. I was also the first journalist in the UK to ask after Jimmy Savile’s death whether the real story of his rampant child abuse would ever be told. My professional record is very clear. But I do understand that the videos you have seen, even though some of them were deceptively edited, paint a different picture. I am partly to blame. I do not advocate for illegal behavior. I explicitly say on the tapes, in a section that was cut from the footage you have seen, that I think the current age of consent is “about right. ” I do not believe any change in the the legal age of consent is justifiable or desirable. I do not believe sex with    is okay. When I mentioned the number 13, I was talking about myself, and the age I lost my own virginity. I shouldn’t have used the word “boy”  —   which gay men often do to describe young men of consenting age  —   instead of “young man. ” That was an error. I was talking about my own relationship when I was 17 with a man who was 29. The age of consent in the UK is 16. I did say that there are relationships between younger men and older men that can help a young gay man escape from a lack of support or understanding at home. That’s perfectly true and every gay man knows it. I am certainly guilty of imprecise language, which I regret. Anyone who suggests I turn a blind eye to illegal activity or to the abuse of minors is unequivocally wrong. I am implacably opposed to the normalization of pedophilia and I will continue to report and speak accordingly. To repeat: I do not support pedophilia. It is a disgusting crime of which I have personally been a victim. The remarks I made on podcasts and interviews more than a year ago were about my personal life experiences. I will not apologize for dealing with my life experiences in the best way that I can, which is humor. No one can tell me or anyone else who has lived through sexual abuse how to deal with those emotions. But I am sorry to other abuse victims if my own personal way of dealing with what happened to me has hurt you. I will never stop making jokes about taboo subjects. Go into any drag bar or gay club and you will see performers cracking jokes about clerical sexual abuse. I am not afforded that same freedom, because the media chooses to selectively define me as a political figure in some circumstances, and a comedian in others. But I said some things on those internet live streams that were simply wrong. My employer Breitbart News has stood by me when others caved. They have allowed me to carry conservative and libertarian ideas to communities that would otherwise never have heard them. They have been a significant factor in my success. I’m grateful for that freedom and for the friendships I forged there. I would be wrong to allow my poor choice of words to detract from my colleagues’ important reporting, which is why today I am resigning from Breitbart, effective immediately. This decision is mine alone. When your friends have done right by you, you do right by them. For me, now, that means stepping aside so my colleagues at Breitbart can get back to the great work they do. My book, Dangerous, has received interest from publishers after my previous publisher Simon and Schuster informed me they no longer wished to release it. The book will come out this year as planned. I will be donating 10 per cent of my royalties to child sex abuse charities. I haven’t ever apologized before.   doesn’t bother me. But to be a victim of child abuse and for the media to call me an apologist for child abuse is absurd. I regret the things I said. I don’t think I’ve been as sorry about anything in my whole life. This isn’t how I wanted my parents to find out about this. But let’s be clear what is happening here. This is a cynical media witch hunt from people who don’t care about children. They care about destroying me and my career, and by extension my allies. They know that although I made some outrageous statements, I’ve never actually done anything wrong. These videos have been out there for more than a year. The media held this story back because they don’t care about victims, they only care about bringing me down. They will fail. I will be announcing a new,   media venture of my own and a live tour in the coming weeks. I started my career as a technology reporter who wrote about politics but I have since become something else. I am a performer with millions of fans in America and beyond. I’m grateful for the tens of thousands of messages of support I’ve received and I look forward to making you all laugh, cry and think for many decades to come. My full focus is now going to be on entertaining and educating everyone, left, right and otherwise. If you want to brand or stereotype me, good luck with that. Don’t think for a moment that this will stop me being as offensive, provocative and outrageously funny as I want on any subject I want. America has a colossal free speech problem. The land of the First Amendment has some of the most oppressive social restrictions on free expression anywhere in the western world. I’m proud to be a warrior for free speech and creative expression. I want everyone in America, the greatest country in the history of human civilisation, to be able to be, do, read and say anything. I will never stop fighting for your right to do that. Thank you. I will take 5 questions.",0
16096,10 Problems That Kill Your Rural Survival,"Carmela Tyrell November 11, 2016 10 Problems That Kill Your Rural Survival 
If you are a rural town dweller, or live on a farm or off-grid, you already have an expanded set of survival skills. Your isolation along with these skills are the keys to your survival, but you still must expect the unexpected. 
Here are ten problems that you may not even give much thought but they still can cause a lot of troubles in turbulent times. 
1. Lack of Key Supplements for Livestock 
Modern farming methods can feed their livestock any number of things that might have been out of the question in the past. For example, today, many farmers think that it is safe to feed alfalfa to cattle because they also include a supplement in the feed. 
Without this supplement, cattle and other sensitive animals will suffer from stomach bloat and die. You have a big pile of these supplements for now, but you will run out of them. 
Therefore, be aware of the natural nutritional needs of all livestock in your care, and know exactly why you are giving various supplements to livestock. 
Make it a point to see if you can replace these supplements with something you can make on your own or find out how to eliminate them altogether. 
Adjust farming methods so that you no longer need antibiotics or other chemicals that won’t be available after a crisis hits. 
Your animals will be healthier , and your body won’t be absorbing all those chemicals and toxins through animal based meat, milk, and eggs. 
2. Insufficient Genetic Material for Plant and Animal Based Sources of Food 
If you do some research, you will find that many animal based industries are already having problems with lack of sufficient genetic variation. For example pedigree dogs and thoroughbred horses are rapidly becoming a point of scandal and derision because of the serious genetic defects that lead to disease and early death. 
Now consider a situation where you have just one bull and 5 or 6 milk cows, and that the cows are from all different blood lines. Even though the bull may be different from them, within just a few generations the animals produced will be sicker and weaker. 
No matter whether you are raising chickens, cattle, goats, sheep, cats, dogs, horses, or other animals, make sure that you have enough genetic variation in both the males and females . 
While one gender may not be as valuable as the other in terms of producing meat or eggs, the genetic variance is truly far more important than the inconvenience of keeping a few extra animals for the sake of genetic diversity. 
This is also very important to consider when growing plants for food . Always use heirloom seeds, and try to get them from as many different places as possible. As long as the species and strain are the same, you can keep the plants strong and genetically viable from one generation to the next. 
The last thing you will want to do is be ten, or even twenty years into a survival scenario only to realize that major staple plants are less robust or becoming weaker despite proper care of the water and soil. Needless to say, you should also store away triple, or even quadruple the number of seeds that you plan to use during an active crisis scenario. 
At the very least, if genetic viability proves to be a problem, you will still have some to start over with, and then look for resources in other locations. This may include studying wild plants in the local area and cultivating them on a larger scale if needed. 
3, Inadvertent Hybridization of Key Food and Medicine Bearing Organisms 
If you currently use hybrid seeds because they offer more disease resistant plants or other benefits, you may not be thinking about the long term consequences of hybridization. 
A hybrid is defined as a cross between two species that are close enough to produce viable offspring, however the offspring usually cannot produce a viable next generation. 
For example, if you have two fields of heirloom corn or plant two strains close together, hybridization will occur. From there, the next year’s crop may grow, however, the seeds for the third year may not even sprout let alone produce a mature plant. 
When growing plants , be very careful about where you plant different strains as well as which pollinators can create hybrids without your knowing. This includes bees which can carry pollen for miles as well as the wind itself which can transmit pollen from one field to another. 
If at all possible, only grow one strain of a plant per year. It is also very important to be aware of: wild plants from a related species that might provide pollen plants grown by other survivors in the area that may be of a different, but related strain 
4. Loss of Soil Fertility 
Together with soil erosion, loss of soil fertility is a huge problem and apt to get worse in a survival situation. 
Many farmers today rely on a range of fertilizers to enhance the soil . While this may produce edible plants, the lack of micronutrients is showing up in poor health and increased risk for disease for consumers. 
Since you will be using the same soil over and over again to grow foods, this problem may cause serious health problems sooner than expected. 
Take the time now to know how the soil on you farm differs from undisturbed land nearby. Make sure that you know how it differs in key nutrients that you expect to absorb from the foods. 
If you find lacking nutrients, then look for ways to naturally recondition the soil in order to restore those nutrients. Some options may include: expand the types of plants used on composting to include wild plants and leaves from surrounding areas find ways to add animal bones and other parts in order to create a natural fertilizer. For example, eggshells are an excellent soil conditioner that you can get from chickens being raised on the farm research safe ways to compost human excrement. It should be noted that there is a good bit of controversy on this matter as human feces and urine carry diseases that have left your body. While animal excrement can also be very dangerous to your health, at least the pathogens are not already established and accustomed to the human immune system, and therefore readily able to evade it. 
5. Loss of Key Species Due to Overhunting or Overfishing 
Many people think that as long as they live in a country setting, all they will have to do is go out into the woods and shoot a deer or some other animal for food. Aside from the fact that larger populations of people will easily cause animal depletion, there are some other problems with this idea: Overhunting and over fishing can also occur when injured animals get away. Not only is the meat from them lost, the hunter will more than likely go out and shoot at one or more animals until they catch one. 
If the person in question is not a very good hunter , this means dozens of animals may be knocked out of the gene pool and also made unavailable to people that need the food from these animals. As the gene pool of target species becomes less diverse, illness and fewer offspring will result. 
Just take a look at the changes in deer spot patterns and white deer that signal pending collapse of a herd. Unknown stresses from social collapse may impact vital species. Consider a situation where you are in a rural area that is surrounded by mines or factories. Even though they may appear far enough away to prevent damage to the land in your area, they can still pose a hazard during a collapse. 
In particular, waste from factories and mines can be carried for hundreds of miles down a river, or seep into the air and soil via other means. Once these toxins get into the deer, rabbits, and other animals of interest, these animals will die off and leave you with very few, if any to hunt. 
In order to mitigate these problems, you must always be aware of how many animals are being taken from the land for food as well as make sure you know how many got away and were never found. 
It is very important to keep security patrols going through hunt areas so that you can stop strangers and prevent them from interfering with the wild herds you depend on. 
You should also have longer ranging scouts take periodic trips to factories, rivers, and other water features that may impact your local area. 
At the very least, if you know that a mine or factory has released a dangerous toxin, you may just have enough time to drive animal herds to another area where they can continue to live and reproduce. 
6. Loss of Key Habitats 
No matter whether you chop down trees to provide wood for fires or use a nearby pond for potable water and irrigating crops, your activities will change the land around you. This, in turn, can lead to the loss of forests and other key habitats that you depend on for raw survival materials. 
As rural families expand or more people find their way out of the cities, this problem will get even worse. You have only to look at the mess of an inner city to see what becomes of areas that were once as filled with trees and other natural landmarks. 
As with protecting wild animals used for food, you must also protect the trees and other natural resources that you rely on. Do your best to patrol areas where loggers or scavengers may be looking to cut trees and take them away. Make sure that you know who is coming into the local area and how to keep them away from valuable land so that it is not destroyed. 
While you may be inclined to share some of your resources, remember that you can never truly own a tree or the land it grows on. Be careful with these resources so that they will be available to future generations. 
Since clearing land is unavoidable, you must replace what was taken. For example, if you cleared some land for farming, look for abandoned areas nearby that no longer have trees or other plants. You can always take tree seeds or even hand started seedlings and plant them in these areas. 
If the soil in these areas is toxic or has many contaminants, you can try growing carrots, certain mushrooms, and conifers to clean the soil as quickly as possible. Once the soil is cleared of heavy metals and other contaminants, then you can plant maple trees or other forest bearing trees that will be of use to you. 
7. Inadequate Sewage and Sanitation Systems 
If you currently have a septic tank and leach field, then you may not realize just how easily your sewage system can become useless in a crisis situation . Among other things, if you don’t have a pump system to clean out the tank, then backing up toilets, sinks, and tubs, can easily force you out of your home. Some things you can do to avoid these problems include: keep a good supply of sludge destroying organisms on hand. These can eat way materials that do not go out into the leach lines and buy you at least a few years before the next cleaning is required. Have an outhouse and other outdoor plumbing ready for use. Know how to make slit trenches and other short term sanitation options. Do some research on composting toilets and how best to use the materials from it. 
8. Lack of Common Vaccines 
As with people trying to survive in a city setting, you will also be faced with a lack of vital vaccines. This includes those used to fight off tetanus and diphtheria. Many people today are misinformed about vaccines and believe that all of them are bad. 
While many vaccines use Thimerisol as a preservative (which contains Mercury), that does not mean every single person that gets the shots will be poisoned or rendered permanently disabled. 
In fact, thousands of people (including members of the military) take dozens of vaccines at a time without many long term problems. On the other hand, if you contract tetanus, it will kill you despite access to the best modern medicine. 
It is very important to make sure that tetanus, diphtheria and other critical vaccinations are kept up to date. Aside from that, if you are part of a survival community, or have a survival doctor as a friend, ask them to store away these vital vaccines for long term needs. 
Even though these vaccines supplies will run out one day, they can still be very important. You can also do some research on how Jonas Salk and other early vaccine developers created their products. 
Some of those methods may be within reach of local doctors that may be able to use them in a time of need. 
9. Lack of Fuel for Farm Equipment or Other Vehicles 
As a prepper, you are sure to be very aware of the problems associated with loss of gasoline and diesel supplies. On the other hand, if you have been putting off converting your farm equipment to run on natural gas or biodiesel, then you may not be as ready as you though you were. 
It is also very important to note that biodiesel and natural gas options aren’t completely free of problems. This includes creating long lasting and viable storage solutions as well as making sure that you have enough plant matter to make fuel. 
If you have been following the ethanol saga , then you may already know that the loss of arable farm land for the sake of making fuel can be a huge problem. 
Aside from expanding the range of fuels that your farm equipment can use, it is very important to have alternative farm equipment on hand. This includes plows and other equipment that you can pull on your own or use a horse, donkey, or oxen to pull them. 
Even if you never use these tools, they may still be of use to future generations that may not be able to produce farm equipment to replace machines that wear out or break down. 
Here are some other things you can do to manage the lack of fuel problem as well as some others that are likely to come up over time: Consider building either a hydroponics or aeroponics farming system. You can usually grow a good bit of food in a very small space without the need for complex farm equipment. Since water and air based growing systems require very little soil, you can also have peace of mind knowing that you won’t have to worry about soil depletion. If you choose to use fish as the source of nutrition in the hydroponics system, then you can also use them for food once they become large enough to eat. Video first seen on WeLikeShootingVideos . Look for ways to reduce plantings only to plants that will be needed for making new seeds. Instead of allowing so many plants to reach full size, you can get a good bit of benefit from consuming micro plants. Not only will this make it easier to grow food indoors, you will also have access to more nutrients in a limited space. 
10. Lack of a Bug Out Plan 
Today, the vast majority of preppers tend to see forests, farms, and small towns as the ultimate bug out location. If you are already in this type of setting, then you may also feel that there is no place else to go. 
If you do not have a viable bug out plan, then you may be at a bigger disadvantage than expected. No matter whether you need to navigate to another rural area, or to a smaller city that has little damage from a large scale crisis, you will have a lot of problems without a well designed bug out plan. 
Here are some things that you should at least have on hand in case you need to leave your bug in location: A bug out bag that includes a complete navigation kit. Maps and other materials that can help you get from one place to another as quickly and safely as possible. Some means of transport other than a motor vehicle and a cart for carrying your bug out supplies. A radio and means of communication so that you can always know what is going on in the area you are about to enter. From military patrols to roving bands of thieves, you are best served by knowing where the highest risks are so that you can skirt around these areas instead of going through them. 
Before a crisis hits, it is very important to have reliable sources of information. This goes well beyond how to carry out certain tasks or manage any given project. Rather, you will need real-time information from people in areas you intend to enter. 
This includes information on the nature of the crisis in the area, how badly it is damaged, and what the biggest threats are. If you need to build a weapon or change your travel plans, it is best to have up to date information that will help you make the best decisions. 
Invariably, there is nothing like trusted contacts in the location to tell you what is really going on. 
There is no question that many people see a return to nature or homestead farming as the ultimate form of prepping. 
On the other hand, a nuclear bomb in the right place, a hurricane, tornado, or even an earthquake can make all your hard work go to waste. 
These are just a few reasons why you need to consider more than basic survival when planning for rural area bugging in. 
At the very least, if you consider the ten points listed in this article, you will have a chance to avoid them, and also use them as a basis for looking into other parts of your bug in plan that might need some additional work. 
To survive you need to learn the lost ways and skills that helped our forefathers survive during harsh times. Click the banner below and learn how to live without our modern days technologies and gadgets. 
This article has been written by Carmela Tyrell for Survivopedia. 28 total views, 28 views today",0
16097,Facebook lets advertisers exclude users by race,"Imagine if, during the Jim Crow era, a newspaper offered advertisers the option of placing ads only in copies that went to white readers. 
That’s basically what Facebook is doing nowadays. 
The ubiquitous social network not only allows advertisers to target users by their interests or background, it also gives advertisers the ability to exclude specific groups it calls “Ethnic Affinities.” Ads that exclude people based on race, gender and other sensitive factors are prohibited by federal law in housing and employment. 
[…] 
When we showed Facebook’s racial exclusion options to a prominent civil rights lawyer John Relman , he gasped and said, “This is horrifying. This is massively illegal. This is about as blatant a violation of the federal Fair Housing Act as one can find.”",0
16098,The Crucial Thing We Forget When We Go Crazy Debating About Trump,"The Crucial Thing We Forget When We Go Crazy Debating About Trump Nov 12, 2016 1 0 This election sure has created quite the ripple effect of intense emotions, division and polarized opinions. Since Trump won, all I see are people angrily debating about whether or not he is a good guy, and whether or not he can “make America great again”. But while we all sit behind our computers and drive ourselves crazy trying to convince others of our stance or spend hours of research trying to find the truth… it’s easy to forget about the basics. The basics that, I believe, are the KEY to real and lasting change. I think the world needs this message big time. Share far and wide if you agree!",0
16099,Troubled QB Johnny Manziel Signals His NFL Comeback - Breitbart,"Former Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel who was dumped over his personal troubles, recently posted a photo to social media signaling his impending return to pro football. [Manziel took to his Instagam account to tell fans he is “revitalized” and looking forward to “Exciting times. ” Manziel ended his post with the hashtag, “#ComebackSZN. ”  Exciting times, revitalized #ComebackSZN @georgewhitfieldjr, A post shared by Johnny Manziel (@jmanziel2) on Mar 25, 2017 at 10:17am PDT,  There have been rumors that the   Heisman Trophy winner could be headed to the New Orleans Saints, but there has yet been no confirmation, according to The Smoker Room. Manziel was released by the Browns in 2015 after having received multiple chances to address his drug and alcohol abuse problems, and to abandon his   ways. Every NFL team took a pass on Manziel for the 2016 season, despite the league’s decision to reinstate him after Texas prosecutors dropped domestic violence charges filed against him late in 2015. Along with the dismissal of the charges, Manziel agreed to attend counseling and will remain under court supervision. But, since that time he has been sitting on the sidelines waiting for yet another chance to take the field. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
16100,"‘Monster Vote’ Is Happening, Early Voting Poll Numbers You Can’t Know","‘Monster Vote’ Is Happening, Early Voting Poll Numbers You Can’t Know Posted on October 30, 2016 by Rebecca Diserio in Politics Share This Hillary Clinton (left), Trump rally (middle), Donald Trump (right) 
For weeks, the mainstream media has pushed a false narrative that Hillary Clinton is so far ahead and this election is over. Luckily, there are some who realized this move is straight out of the leftist playbook and called out the press for what they were up to — lying. No longer can they report Hillary being ahead by double digits. In what’s been dubbed “the monster vote,” here are the poll numbers they do not want you to see. 
What’s the monster vote? That’s the silent majority in this country who are going to overwhelm all of the liberal talking heads’ expectations. We started to see the monster vote for Donald Trump in the primaries, where he attracted voters to register as Republicans to vote in the primaries. 
Now, we have early voting taking place in some states, and those numbers are proving, here comes the monster vote . Gateway Pundit reported: 
DONALD TRUMP Senior Communications Advisor Jason Miller shared some very positive news on FOX News on Sunday morning. 
Jason Miller told Melissa Francis the Trump Campaign is up 100,000 votes in Florida and 35,000 votes in North Carolina compared to four years ago . Trump rally (left), “We’re gonna need a bigger basket” meme (right) 
Let’s break that down further to see what it means. Based on all the early voting in Florida, which is a must win for Trump, right now, it’s Trump = 51.5%, HRC = 48.5%, which is incredible. Democrats typically rule early voting, and in 2012, at this point, Barack Obama was up by 5% in Florida. Now, for the monster vote news for Florida, as broken down by The Conservative Treehouse (CTH): 
This is YUGE because Obama won early voting in FL by 5 points in 2012 and after election night he won the state by less than 1 point. ( LINK ) Actual in person voting on the traditional election day, November 8th, will heavily favor Donald Trump. 
Folks, based on what we have data wise so far and the fact that the 16 counties didn’t start early voting until the 29th of October (which favors Trump based on data above), I can now soundly say that we will win FL by 8 to 10 points (54.5 – 46.5). The monster vote is coming. 
The mainstream media will continue to slant the early voting numbers for Hillary, so don’t listen to them. I guarantee you, they are taking a sample and then skewing it. Remember, Democrats almost always vote early, but Republicans don’t usually vote until election day. Based on what these smart guys at CTH are saying, North Carolina, Ohio, and Nevada will go Trump and even Minnesota and Wisconsin are slanting towards Trump, which would be just icing on the cake since those states usually go Democrat. 
Tune out the mainstream media on the polls and get ready for the monster vote. It seems to be the best-kept secret in this election. The monster voters are the forgotten men and women across this country who haven’t voted in years and are now sick and tired of Washington’s corruption invading their life. 
They’re back with a vengeance, and they have hope that we can turn this country around. We all agree it will be pure joy on election night as we watch Hillary and her minions break down in disbelief that We the People took our power back and we will never give it away again.",0
16101,Boko Haram Terrorists Release 82 Kidnapped Chibok Girls,"Nigerian authorities announced the release of an estimated 82 of the 276 girls kidnapped by the Islamic   terrorist group Boko Haram from a mostly Christian school in Chibok, Nigeria, in 2014 this weekend. The release appears to be part of a deal that may have gained freedom for jailed Boko Haram terrorists. [A Nigerian government official told Al Jazeera the government was keeping the girls in the town of Banki, close to the   border. Few details surfaced on the status of the girls following their release Saturday.  “According to sources, this may be a result of negotiations  —   but there have also been some military operations of recent around that area, as well as other parts of northeast Nigeria,” Al Jazeera’s Ahmed Idris reported from Nigeria’s capital. “We were told that Boko Haram was trying to negotiate for the release of some of their top commanders in custody of the Nigerian security services,” Idris reported. “There are also some reports suggesting that they want some ransom to be paid for some of these girls. ” Boko Haram, which roughly translates to “all Western education is forbidden,” seeks to impose Islamic Sharia law in Nigeria’s mainly Muslim north. In March, thousands of women in Nigeria took the streets of the northern capital Maiduguri to protest the government’s inability to eradicate Boko Haram, which continues to commit mass abductions, rapes, and murders since the government claimed it had defeated the group in 2015. The women who organized in Maiduguri, the capital of northeastern Borno state, wanted to attract the attention of representatives of the U. N. Security Council, who were visiting the city at that time. The protests also targeted President Muhammadu Buhari in Abuja, who won the nation’s presidency on a campaign promise to eliminate Boko Haram. Boko Haram jihadists also abuse boys by teaching them at an early age how to rape women while limiting the chances of them escaping. “They tell us to remember to hold the girl tight on both hands, pinned to the floor,” a    boy identified as “Ahmed” told reporters last year. “They said we shouldn’t let a woman overpower us. ” On April 14, 2014, the terrorists seized 276 pupils from the Government Girls Secondary School in the town of Chibok, with 57 of them managing to escape in the immediate aftermath of the abduction. Since then, some of the schoolgirls have been released, while others managed to escape. Even with Saturday’s release, that leaves about 100 girls still unaccounted for and the future of the girls is uncertain after years of trauma and many have borne children while in captivity.",0
16102,Morgen in PamS 47/2016: Steinmeier mit absoluter Mehrheit gewählt,"Morgen in PamS 47/2016: Steinmeier mit absoluter Mehrheit gewählt Außerdem in dieser Ausgabe: ""Jugendwort des Jahres"" zum Seniorenwort des Jahres gewählt - Seite 24 Ratgeber für Ratgeber: So geben Sie Rat - Seite 56 So finden Sie Artikel ohne angegebene Seitenzahl - Seite",0
16103,Shallow 5.4 magnitude earthquake rattles central Italy; shakes buildings in Rome," 00 UTC © USGS Map of the earthquake's epicenter An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.4 rattled a broad swath of central Italy, including Rome, on Wednesday (Thursday NZT), just two months after a powerful temblor toppled villages, killing nearly 300 people. There were no immediate reports of damage. Italy's National Vulcanology Center said the epicenter was near Macerata, near Perugia. The US Geological Survey said it had a depth of some 10 kilometres, which is relatively shallow. The quake was felt across a broad swath of central and southern Italy, shaking centuries-old palazzi in Rome's historic centre. The Aug. 24 quake destroyed hilltop village of Amatrice and other nearby towns. Wednesday's quake was felt from Perugia in Umbria to the capital Rome to the central Italy town of Aquila, which was struck by a deadly quake in 2009. The mayor of Aquila, however, said there was no immediate report of damage. ​The quake struck at 7.10pm on Wednesday (local time). ""The earthquake only happened a few minutes ago. It's dark here, so impossible to determine if there has been any damage outside,"" one resident in Penna San Giovanni told EMSC. ""All services - electricity, internet, etc - are still working normally."" MORE TO COME",0
16105,News: Possible Voter Suppression? Lots Of Laser Tag Places Are Still Open Today,"Email 
In case this election wasn’t already infuriating enough, here’s something that’s really going to make your blood boil. With hours to go before polls close, voter watchdog groups across the country are reporting that many laser tag establishments are staying open today. 
This is seriously alarming news. 
In what appears to be a concerted effort to prevent Americans from casting their ballots on time, dozens of laser tag locations are keeping normal business hours on Election Day, inviting one and all to enjoy nonstop laser tag action with all the coolest terrain and equipment. 
If true, this could represent voter suppression on an unprecedented, scarcely conceivable scale. It’s appalling to see laser tag places—some of them located within blocks of polling stations in swing states—deploying everything from signs to roadside billboards to social media posts in an attempt to stop Americans from exercising their civic duty. Just take a look at this truly disgusting tweet: 
George Washington is rolling over in his grave right now. 
According to Leanne Holst, spokesman for the watchdog group Voter Vigilance, laser tag may only be the tip of the iceberg. 
“Some of these laser tag facilities are continuing to operate roller rinks, 18-hole mini golf courses, and go-kart tracks in a shameless ploy to lure voters as far as possible from the booths,” said Holst. “It’s an utterly transparent tactic, and the saddest thing is just how effective it can be. Laser tag arenas represent a grave, immediate threat to the democratic process.” 
Below, via Voter Vigilance, is a partial, ongoing list of laser tag places that have not closed for Election Day, and several with the sheer audacity to offer off-peak, daytime discounts. Lightspeed Go-Karts & Laser Tag (Greenfield, WI) Code Red Laser Tag (Dallas-Fort Worth, TX) Laser Tag Kingdom (Monroe, NH) QZAR (Carle Place, NY) Laser Quest (numerous locations nationwide) Zap Zone (Sterling Heights, MI) Battle Blast Laser Tag (Las Vegas, NV) Lazer Kraze Laser Tag (Erlanger, KY) 
If you know of a laser tag place in your district that remains open today, do not be silent. Post their names and pictures in the comments so that we can put a stop to this assault on democracy before any further damage is done.",0
16106,"Ученые приблизились к разгадке тайны ""вечной молодости""","0 комментариев 0 поделились 
Как пишет EurekAlert, ученые из медицинского Университета Вашингтона в Сент-Луисе показали, что NMN может компенсировать потерю производства энергии и снижения типичных признаков старения, таких как постепенное увеличение веса, потеря чувствительности к инсулину и снижение физической активности. 
""Мы показали способ замедлить физиологический спад, — рассказал доктор медицинских наук, профессор биологии и медицины Син-ичиро Имаи. — Метаболизм и энергетические уровни старых мышей теперь напоминают молодых"". 
По его словам, клетки человека полагаются на этот же процесс производства энергии, и в дальнейшем технология сможет помочь людям не стареть. Биологи уверены, что что столь впечатляющие результаты актуальны и для человека. Как сообщают ученые, испытания препаратов с NMN на человеке уже начаты в Японии. 
Исследователи отмечают, соединение NMN содержится в таких продуктах как огурцы, авокадо и брокколи. 
Ранее ученые сообщали, что продолжительность человеческой жизни существенно увеличится. Исследователи утверждают, уже в этом тысячелетии она составит в среднем несколько сотен лет. 
По мнению известного британского геронтолога Обри ди Грея, люди, которые будут жить до 150 лет, уже появились на свет, а в ближайшие два-три десятилетия родятся те, чья продолжительность жизни будет составлять уже до 1000 лет. Мы станем жить дольше за счет повышения качества жизни, более продвинутой медицины, разнообразных технологий, предотвращающих старение… 
Сейчас старость ассоциируется у нас с дряхлым телом и болезнями, поэтому многих пугает перспектива долгой жизни. Таким образом, задача состоит не только в том, чтобы ее продлить, а еще и в том, чтобы удлинить период, в течение которого человек будет оставаться активным и трудоспособным. 
Ди Грей полагает, что процесс старения связан с накоплением в организме дефектов и повреждений. Профилактическая гериатрия позволит устранять эти дефекты до того, как их количество превысит критическую отметку. 
В свою очередь, профессор Юваль Харари из Еврейского университета в Иерусалиме пророчит, что люди будущего превратятся в киборгов. Часть жизненных функций будет выполнять легко заменяемая электроника, изношенные органы будут заменяться искусственными, более совершенными, чем естественные, поэтому жить мы будем довольно долго. 
Компания Alphabet Inc. Calico занимается изучением химических соединений, способствующих образованию новых нейронов. Благодаря этим исследованиям, возможно, удастся избавить человечество от болезней Альцгеймера, Паркинсона и других заболеваний, при которых гибнут нервные клетки мозга и которые, как правило, тоже связаны со старением. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda.Ru на сегодня Человечеству подарят ""вечную молодость""?",0
16107,French Plan for ‘Mega Database’ of Citizens’ Personal Data Triggers Protests,"November 11, 2016 French Plan for ‘Mega Database’ of Citizens’ Personal Data Triggers Protests 
The French government is under fire for quietly issuing a decree establishing a mega-database of personal details of 60 million French citizens, a move privacy campaigners view as potentially dangerous. 
The database established by the decree issued by Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve will affect every holder of a French passport or identity card, except for children under 12 years of age. 
Information to be stored includes a photo, date and place of birth, address, eye color, weight and marital status. Fingerprints were to have been included too, although Cazeneuve dropped that plan amid massive criticism. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright © 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don’t receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That’s an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here ► Dear Readers,",0
16108,"Policy Shift Helps Coal, but Other Forces May Limit Effect - The New York Times","Many fossil fuel executives are celebrating President Trump’s move to dismantle the Obama administration’s Clean Power Plan. But their cheers are muted, because market forces and state initiatives continue to elevate coal’s rivals, especially natural gas and renewable energy. In coal’s favor, there is the new promise that federal lands will be open for leasing, ending an   moratorium. Easing pollution restrictions could delay the closing of some old   power plants, slowing the switch by some utilities to other sources. And with the government pendulum swinging from environmental concerns back to job creation and energy independence, share prices of many energy companies, particularly coal producers, soared Tuesday on the news. For coal executives, however, optimism and expansion plans remain guarded. Regulatory relief could restore 10 percent of their companies’ lost market share at most, they say  —   nowhere near enough to return coal to its dominant position in power markets and put tens of thousands of coal miners to work. “At the end of the day, coal will still have to compete with a host of other fuels,” said Rick Curtsinger, a spokesman for Cloud Peak Energy, one of the country’s leading coal producers. “Utilities’   decisions are based on economics and the need for   certainty. ” Just as economic realities produced a frenzy of oil and gas drilling during Barack Obama’s two terms as president  —   notwithstanding his environmental agenda and aggressive policies to combat climate change  —   economics and technological advances are bound to shape the country’s energy landscape despite Mr. Trump’s very different blueprint. Nothing has changed that landscape more than cheap natural gas, and improved drilling techniques in shale fields from Pennsylvania to Texas are driving down production costs to the point where gas supplies are growing and prices continue to slump. “If the Clean Power Plan is reneged upon, I don’t think you will see utilities going back to investing in coal because they have already reduced their infrastructure and they already have commitments geared toward natural gas,” said Tamar Essner, an energy analyst at Nasdaq Advisory Services. Wind and solar power are also taking market share, as the costs of   generation have become competitive with those of hydrocarbons in many parts of the country. To be sure, fossil fuel companies will be helped by the Trump administration’s initiative. The only question is by how much. Easing some regulations could foster the building of oil and natural gas pipelines across the country. That, in turn, could stimulate more drilling in certain basins, like the Marcellus Shale field in Pennsylvania. In addition, relaxing restrictions on flaring methane and hydraulic fracturing on federal lands could help some producers increase production. But shale oil and gas production in the United States is mostly done on private lands. Oil prices have fallen by half over the last three years, limiting the demand to drill on more federal land, at least for the moment. “It will depend on price,” said Mark Boling, the executive vice president of Southwestern Energy, a major natural gas and oil producer. “It’s the market that drives. ” Mr. Boling said the administration’s action would have no impact on his company’s immediate plans. And he expects the industry to continue efforts to capture more leaking methane, a powerful greenhouse gas, because of innovations in leak detection and repair equipment. “We still plan to drive methane emissions down because we think it’s part of our core business to be as efficient as possible in removing natural gas from the ground and getting it to our customers,” he said. “We are definitely going to do that. ” Whatever the federal policy, the outlook for renewable energy looks particularly bright. By the end of last year, 29 states had adopted rules to replace a substantial share of fossil fuel electricity production with cleaner power. California has set far more aggressive targets for environmental protection than the Obama administration’s Clean Power Plan, and promises to resist the federal government’s new agenda. In addition, federal tax credits for wind and solar enacted during the Obama administration will continue for at least several more years, and they have the support of Republican members of Congress from states producing wind power, like Texas and Iowa. A recent report from Morningstar, which provides investment research, concluded that state mandates would continue to push the growth of renewables, and that efficiency upgrades in technology to generate natural gas would make it even harder for aging coal plants to compete. The analysis found that existing state mandates would result in enough renewable energy to meet nearly 20 percent of the nation’s electricity use within eight years, with more than half of that growth coming by 2020 in large states like Colorado, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. “We have millions of customers and investors who want clean energy,” said Ignacio S. Galán, chief executive of Iberdrola, the Spanish company that operates the     portfolio in the United States after NextEra Energy. In an interview this month, he said that the contention by Scott Pruitt, the Environmental Protection Agency’s new administrator, that carbon dioxide may not be a prime cause of climate change was “just like a joke” and added that his company would continue to expand its wind and solar investments, whatever the fate of the Clean Power Plan. The company plans to increase its total United States renewable energy capacity by roughly a third by 2020. In recent weeks, Avangrid Renewables, an Iberdrola subsidiary, pledged roughly $9 million to lease 122, 405 acres off Kitty Hawk, N. C. for wind development, a bet on an offshore industry that is just beginning to take off. Even some utilities that did not support the Clean Power Plan say they will continue to make   investments to meet their customers’ demands, which in many states include a greener energy mix. “We think the rule went beyond E. P. A. ’s statutory authority and infringed on the rights of the states to manage the generating fleet,” said Leo Denault, chief executive of Entergy, which has been working to lower its carbon emissions since the early 2000s. “That said, the potential of it rolling back does not change our commitment to being environmentally responsible. ” Nicholas K. Akins, chief executive of American Electric Power, said that although federal policies under Mr. Trump could help extend the life of some aging coal plants, they would still have to compete against natural gas and renewables when it came time to replace them. “Our plans remain the same,” he said. “We’re going to invest over the next three years $1. 5 billion in renewables, $9 billion in transmission to optimize the grid. This industry is moving in a direction that really moves toward a clean energy economy. That’s what our customers expect, that’s what our shareholders expect. ” But Jason Bordoff, director of the Center on Global Energy Policy at Columbia University’s School of International and Public Affairs, cautioned that abandoning policies like calculating the social cost of carbon or investing heavily in clean energy research and development could have powerful effects in the medium to long term. “The pace at which the energy system becomes less   I think, is slower without supporting policies,” he said. “I just don’t think the world is going to shift to a deeply decarbonized economy by market forces alone. ”",0
16109,‘Private Hell’: Prep School Sex Abuse Inquiry Paints Grim Picture - The New York Times,"Sexual abuse was so rampant that it created a “private hell” for some students at an elite prep school in Rhode Island in the 1970s and ’80s, investigators reported on Thursday, describing an atmosphere of terror in which at least 61 students were victimized and some staff members committed assaults for years before being forced out. The investigation found that at least 51 students were abused by employees of St. George’s School, a prestigious private boarding and day school near Newport, and at least 10 others by fellow students  —   and that the true numbers are probably significantly higher. The inquiry came after years of pressure from victims who said that St. George’s had refused to squarely acknowledge the extent of the problems. The report  —   with pages of vivid, painful detail from accusers  —   follows other revelations about sexual abuse at several prominent prep schools in the same area, but none have matched the sheer scale and pervasiveness of the misconduct discovered at St. George’s. More victims will come forward, and “when the sun is set on this case, it could be the largest school sex abuse case in history,” said Roderick MacLeish, a lawyer and St. George’s alumnus who has worked with abuse survivors in pressuring the school to conduct the investigation. “It’s in the thousands of years of suffering this caused. ” The abuses that alumni have recounted, often after decades of silence, include forced intercourse, oral sex and digital penetration one student sodomizing another with a broomstick sexual groping harassment and taking photographs of naked students without their knowledge and showing them to other students. The misconduct by one staff member, the report said, was so frequent and such common knowledge that many of the former students  —   now   and many of them women  —   told investigators they did not see how other adults could have been unaware of it. “Many of these students remember St. George’s as a place where their abusers created a kind of private hell for them  —   a place where they suffered trauma and emotional wounds that, for many, remain unhealed,” Martin F. Murphy, the leader of the inquiry, wrote in the nearly   report documenting the findings. Both the school and advocates for the victims presented the release of the report as a milestone in the history of a school that had addressed some abuse cases individually, but did not begin to grapple with the scope of the problem until last year. “We have never had something we could point to and say, ‘Here it is in its enormity, in the horror of it,’” said Anne Scott, 53, who was raped while she was a student and later maligned by the school when she sued. Ms. Scott later founded a victims’ group, SGS for Healing. The report “evokes both deep sorrow over the harm inflicted on the most vulnerable members of our community and hope for our future that having finally faced these tragic events with humility and honesty, we may together find the path to reconciliation,” Leslie B. Heaney, chairwoman of the school’s board of trustees, wrote in a letter to the students, staff, alumni and parents. Some former students who claimed to have been abused were not included among the 61 listed in the report, because their stories could not be corroborated, though they may be true, the investigators said. In other cases, people told secondhand stories of abuse, but the victims, themselves, did not come forward and were not included. St. George’s lagged behind most of its peers in facing its past, Mr. MacLeish said, but he praised the school, particularly its headmaster, Eric F. Peterson, for ultimately embracing openness. The report revealed that Mr. Peterson tried to start a broad investigation five years ago, but was dissuaded by the school’s lawyers and some trustees. The report contains repeated echoes of scandals surrounding Catholic priests who preyed on children, in which church leaders moved those priests to different parishes, did not alert the police and pressured victims to remain quiet. Over the years, the report said, St. George’s fired or expelled the abusers it learned about, though only after repeated accusations in some cases. But it did not report them to law enforcement, it misled students and parents about the reasons for staff dismissals, and some of the victims claimed their accusations were brushed aside or that they were bullied into silence for years. The school gave job references and financial support to two faculty members it fired and some who were dismissed went to work at other schools, only to be accused of abuse there as well. A single person victimized more than half the confirmed victims, at least 31: an athletic trainer and coach named Al Gibbs. About   of the girls who attended St. George’s in the 1970s told investigators that they had been sexually abused, and at least one had been raped, by Mr. Gibbs, who was fired for sexual misconduct in 1980 and died in 1996. “We expect the number of women actually abused by Gibbs substantially exceeds the reported figure,” wrote Mr. Murphy, a partner in the law firm Foley Hoag in Boston, noting that most sexual assault survivors are reluctant to report the crimes. “These are just the firsthand accounts,” he said. “Many students with whom we spoke indicated that friends had similar experiences, but would not be contacting us. ” Ms. Scott, who graduated in 1980, says she was raped by Mr. Gibbs, an experience that she said left her shattered psychologically and in need of extensive treatment that threatened to impoverish her parents. She sued the school in 1988. “I had stopped talking for periods of time, I was hospitalized, I couldn’t hold a job, I couldn’t leave the house,” Ms. Scott said. “My parents had spent about $200, 000 on my care at that point, and they thought they were looking at a lifetime of care. ” The administration had known for years that Mr. Gibbs was a serial predator, but the school admitted nothing. Its lawyers then played hardball with Ms. Scott, leading her to drop the case in 1989. “I was called a liar, I was accused that it was consensual, I was bullied  —   they just went   into attack mode,” she said. This year, St. George’s and SGS for Healing commissioned Mr. Murphy’s law firm to conduct the investigation, asking to speak with alumni who knew of abuses. The investigative report includes Foley Hoag’s own findings, and those of another firm that was initially retained to conduct the investigation, but was let go over concerns about a potential conflict of interest. The investigators’ mandate was to look at abuses dating back to 1960, but they did not confirm any after the 1980s. The report documented improper and suggestive conduct by one faculty member in the 1990s and 2000s, but nothing that rose to the level of sexual abuse. An accusation against a current staff member was deemed not credible, the investigators reported. “St. George’s School today is a very different place than it was in the 1970s and 1980s,” Mr. Murphy wrote. The report named six faculty members it says were guilty of sexual abuse  —   those against whom there was the most solid evidence of the more serious charges, including Mr. Gibbs. The other five, all now in their 60s and 70s, refused to talk to investigators. None could be reached for comment on Thursday.",0
16110,Vice-Presidential Debate: What You Missed - The New York Times,"Right Now: Here’s how we analyzed in real time the only   debate between Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia and Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana. Plus, check out our fact checks and our email exchanges with Walter F. Mondale, the 42nd vice president of the United States. Mr. Kaine challenged Mr. Pence repeatedly to defend statements or proposals made by Donald J. Trump during his chaotic and improvisational presidential campaign, forcing Mr. Pence to filibuster and dodge for minutes on end. It was not quite a defensive crouch: Mr. Pence’s tone and his calm delivery never wavered, and he continued to deflect and deny questions about Mr. Trump’s ideas while turning back to the Obama administration’s foreign policy record. Yet it opened the door for Mr. Kaine  —   who often interrupted Mr. Pence  —   to hammer away at Mr. Trump’s business ties to Russian banks, his campaign team’s lobbying work for a Ukrainian strongman and Mr. Trump’s   praise for Vladimir Putin. When Mr. Pence broached the idea that the Obama administration had let Russia dominate the response to Syrian policy, Mr. Kaine wore an expression that looked vaguely sad, as though he couldn’t believe Mr. Pence had gone there. What followed was a thumping: Mr. Kaine reeled off chapter and verse on Mr. Trump’s musings on the Russian autocrat and Mr. Putin’s own record as president, from Russia’s struggling economy to his persecution of gay people and journalists. Mr. Pence tried repeatedly to argue that Mr. Trump hadn’t said the things Mr. Kaine had claimed. When that failed, he tried to suggest that merely quoting Mr. Trump was to engage in insults. That set Mr. Kaine up for a revealing summation. “Six times tonight I have said to Governor Pence I can’t imagine how you can defend your running mate’s position,” Mr. Kaine said. “He is asking everybody to vote for somebody that he cannot defend. ” • Mr. Pence criticized Hillary Clinton for using a private email server as secretary of state. After Mr. Kaine said that Mrs. Clinton had been cleared by “a Republican F. B. I. director,” Mr. Pence fired back. “If your son or my son handled classified information the way Hillary Clinton did, they’d be ” he said. • Mr. Kaine, noting that he and his wife were the parents of a Marine, said that “the thought of Donald Trump as    scares us to death. ” Mr. Pence replied that President Obama’s tenure had weakened the country’s standing in the world. • After Mr. Kaine said that Mr. Trump had “pursued the discredited and really outrageous lie that President Obama wasn’t born in the United States,” Mr. Pence accused the   ticket of trafficking in “an avalanche of insults. ” When Mr. Pence mentioned Russia, Mr. Kaine cut in. “You guys love Russia!” he said. Mr. Pence, appearing taken back by the interruption, said, “I must have hit a nerve. ” • Deflecting a question about Mr. Trump’s suggestion that he was savvy to avoid paying taxes, Mr. Pence said that his running mate was “a businessman, not a career politician. ” Mr. Kaine interjected: “Why won’t he release his tax returns?” Mr. Pence shot back, “We’re answering the question about the business thing. ” • Responding to a question about gun violence and the police, Mr. Kaine spoke of the mass shooting at Virginia Tech, which occurred when he was governor, and called for increased background checks and strengthening the ties between officers and the areas they patrol. Mr. Pence, who said his uncle was a police officer in Chicago, said, “at risk of agreeing with you, community policing is a great idea. ” But he accused Democrats of “ ” officers in the wake of shootings by the police. • Mr. Kaine unleashed a blistering attack on Mr. Trump’s trail of contentious comments during the campaign, ticking off his remarks about Mexicans, women,   an   judge with Mexican heritage and Senator John McCain of Arizona. “I just want to talk about the tone that’s set from the top,” Mr. Kaine said. Mr. Pence said his running mate’s statements were “small potatoes” compared to Mrs. Clinton’s remark last month that half of Mr. Trump’s supporters fit into a “basket of deplorables. ” Mr. Kaine replied that Mrs. Clinton had apologized for her remark  —   though, as Mr. Pence pointed out, her apology focused on the “half,” not the descriptor. Mr. Trump, Mr. Kaine said, has refused to apologize for any of his comments. • Mr. Kaine condemned Mr. Trump’s foreign policy credentials, saying that the Republican nominee “can’t start a Twitter war with Miss Universe without shooting himself in the foot. ” Mr. Pence suggested that Mr. Kaine sounded rehearsed. “Did you work on that one a long time?” he asked. Mr. Pence said that America was “less safe today” than it was when Mr. Obama took office. • Sparring over refugee policies, Mr. Pence and Mr. Kaine fiercely defended their running mates’ approaches, with Mr. Pence arguing that Mrs. Clinton would expose the country to heightened risks. Mr. Kaine framed it another way: “We want to keep people out if they’re dangerous,” he said. “Donald Trump said, ‘keep them out if they’re Muslim. ’” • Mr. Pence, seizing on recent comments from Bill Clinton that appeared to be critical of the Affordable Care Act, said that “even former President Bill Clinton calls Obamacare a crazy plan. ” (Mrs. Clinton’s team has moved this week to clarify his remarks, with her husband saying that he always supported the measure and still does.) Mr. Kaine did not immediately respond to the remark, setting off on an answer about Mrs. Clinton’s own economic plans. • After Mr. Kaine mentioned Mr. Trump’s frequent praise of Vladimir Putin and the Trump campaign’s “shadowy connections with   forces,” Mr. Pence blamed the Obama administration’s “weak and feckless foreign policy” for Russian aggression. “There’s an old proverb,” Mr. Pence said, “that says the Russian bear never dies, it just hibernates. ” • Mr. Kaine, turning repeatedly to Mr. Trump’s tax avoidance, sought to frame the issue as a matter of national security importance. After the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, Mr. Kaine said, “young men and women signed up to serve in the military to fight terrorism” and Mrs. Clinton fought for constituents as a New York senator. “Donald Trump was fighting a very different fight,” he said: skirting tax payments that might have boosted American defenses. • Mr. Kaine accused Mr. Pence of declining to forcefully defend Mr. Trump during the debate, pointing to his frequent deflections when confronted with Mr. Trump’s past comments. “He is asking everybody to vote for somebody that he cannot defend,” Mr. Kaine said. Mr. Pence said he was happy to defend Mr. Trump and accused Mr. Kaine of both misrepresenting Mr. Trump and putting words in his mouth. • Mr. Pence said that Mrs. Clinton had engaged in “   politics” as secretary of state, citing potential conflicts of interest with the Clinton Foundation. “I am glad to talk about the foundation,” Mr. Kaine said. “The Clinton Foundation is one of the   charities in the world. ” He turned the focus on Mr. Trump’s foundation, which he suggested  —   alluding to several newspaper investigations  —   had often veered far from traditional philanthropy. • Asked about the tension between faith and a public life, Mr. Kaine recalled grappling with his opposition (and the Catholic Church’s) to the death penalty as governor of Virginia, where the law called for it in some cases. “It was very, very difficult to allow executions to go forward,” he said, adding that he promised voters he would carry out the duties of his office. Mr. Pence said he had “a great deal of respect for Senator Kaine’s sincere faith. ” “That’s shared,” Mr. Kaine said. • After Mr. Pence spoke about his opposition to abortion, Mr. Kaine sought to paint the   ticket as extreme on the issue, noting that Mr. Trump had once suggested that women should be punished for having abortions if the practice were outlawed. (Mr. Trump later walked back the remark.) “He’s not a polished politician like you and Hillary Clinton,” Mr. Pence said.",0
16111,Stuck Sitting All Day? 6 Stretches You Need to Do to Offset It,"Squat – Image Source HOW TO : Stand with your feet hip distance apart. Engage your core as you push your hips back and down as if preparing to sit down. Drive everything through your heels as you come down and return to a standing position, ensuring that your knees do not push forward past your toes when coming down and that your back stays flat throughout. BENEFIT : Squats offer similar benefits to the glute bridge, but engage the muscles differently. Combined, they provide a comprehensive stretch/exercise. 3. Shoulder Opener Shoulder Opener – Image Source HOW TO : Place a backwards facing chair approximately three feet in front of you (adjusting as necessary depending on your height). Stand with your feet hip distance apart. Lift your arms toward the sky, then slowly bend forward at your waist, grabbing the back of the chair with your outstretched arms. BENEFIT : Most of us sit at least slightly hunched over. Shoulder openers counteract this hunched position and open up the shoulders. 4. Cobra Cobra – Image Source HOW TO : Lay on your stomach with your arms beside you, then bring your hands in line with your chest. With your hands pressed firmly against the ground, slowly bring your upper body off the floor while pressing your lower body into the ground through to the tips of your toes. Extend and hold for a few breaths before slowly lowering back down. BENEFIT : Cobra pose is a remarkable yoga stretch that strengthens your back while simultaneously stretching your chest and hip flexors. When done correctly, it essentially moves your muscles in the opposite direction of a sitting position. 5. Trunk Rotation Trunk Rotation – Image Source HOW TO : Lie flat on your back with your arms and legs apart in a relaxed state. Slowly bring your knees to your chest. Let them both slowly fall to one side while your torso stays neutral. Hold for a few cycles of breath and then move to the other side. BENEFIT : This move fully stretches out your lower back, which is often the most negatively affected by prolonged sitting. 6. Pigeon Stretch Pigeon Stretch – Image Source HOW TO : Starting in downward facing dog , bend one knee and place it on your mat slightly wider than your hip. Fold forward over your parallel shin while keeping the other leg extended behind you. BENEFIT : Pigeon’s greatest benefit comes in its impact to your sitting posture moving forward. It strengthens and stretches your muscles in a way that should make sitting in a neutral position more natural than a compromised one. The Best Possible Solution In my (admittedly unprofessional) opinion, the best way to stay healthy is to be proactive rather than reactive. Instead of letting your ailments mount until they can no longer be ignored, take the time to do things now that prevent them from ever getting to that point. In addition to incorporating these stretches, find ways to break up the time you must spend sitting at work. Use a standing desk if one is available to you, go for a walk during lunch, and take short breaks throughout the day to stand up and stretch things out. Incorporating yoga into your weekly life is another fantastic preventative measure that not only builds strength and flexibility, but prevents future injury. If you aren’t comfortable going to classes in your neighbourhood, try doing it at home. My personal favourite in-home video instructor is Rodney Yee. Through GAIAM, Rodney has created a number of easy-to-follow videos for people of all levels. SOURCES",0
16112,HIDDEN CAMERA: NYC Democratic Election Commissioner “I Think There Is A lot of Voter Fraud” | Project Veritas,"
Poor honest guy will be on the streets now. Sam Houston 
Can we start hanging the traitors?!?! Giving votes to foreign nationals/States is tantamount to treason. Donald Costa 
Problem is they hate this place and it’s people if you don’t stop them it will never end. Jensen 
this is the problem, I have seen videos of people from some where around the vicinity of Syria Africa and these are all MEN who say they use fake passports and they’re goal is to go where there is the best welfare. This is a form of Jihad to use our welfare system and tax us to death. These people will come to American on our dime and vote us out and make us pay for it. Are you ok with that… Im not sjcthrn5 . 
That is seriously messed up. I don’t understand our government sometimes. How can they get welfare or public assistance so easily? I was in a rollover accident a little over six months ago where my arm was ripped off at the elbow, had to have six vertebrae in my neck fused, had a couple of skin grafts and a wound on the top of my head that still hasn’t closed all the way up and healed. I went to DSHS to see about help while i recovered and filled out all the applications and medical records releases. I got denied on everything. I will say that they took over healthcare after insurance limits were reached, which didn’t take long the 15 minute helicopter ride was over $29,000 alone. I have never used any public service before, I’m a veteran and I have always had a job since I was 13 years old. I understand helping those immigrants that need it but shouldn’t their be some kind of vetting oversight? Especially when you make your own citizens jump through all kinds of hoops only to tell them no. r.terbeek 
sjcthrn5, You need to get an attorney!! Find one that doesn’t get paid if you don’t. millerstwo 
For years the Marxist Democrats have openly committed voter fraud knowing that the cowardly Republicans would do absolutely nothing to stop it out of fear of being called racists. Cheating at the polls is now considered ‘the norm’ for this group of America hating liars and cheats. The following has nothing to do with our “voter fraud” conversation per se, but………a couple of days ago I read an article about the genius of Thomas Jefferson and his obsession with America and then I thought about the millions of American hero’s both “gentlemen and commoners” who died in wars defending our Nations freedom then I was suddenly overwhelmed with a sadness realizing what was at stake regarding possibly our last ‘real election’……these great Americans will have died in vane if the Marxists are allowed to steal this election. Then Patrick Henry’s immortal words came to mind….“.. I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty or give me death!” . 
Dido Patrick Bettyj9553 
Let’s all pray that Trump gets in. I am so disgusted with how this government and how it is running us all into the ground. The corruption has got to stop. I can’t even believe it is this hard to stop Hillary after all the stuff that has come out about her over and over. How can anyone feel that strongly about voting for a woman who is corrupt in every way. She has never done anything for anyone except when it benefits her. RICARDO36 
Why do you think they’re so afraid of TRUMP, He is his own man and servant to none! He would clean up that rat”s nest in Washington and put the D.C. MAFIA out of business! GOD HELP AMERICA!! 
Pingback: Dem Official: 'I Think There's a lot of Voter Fraud' - Big Sky Headlines () Mary M.B. 
Good guy…so sorry for him ( no good deed goes unpunished), he just lost his job and all forms of employment in N.Y…. Retire and come to Fl. and help us keep Conservatives in office. Keep our state RED! ",0
16114,Hillary Clinton Dines with Her ’SNL’ Impersonator Kate McKinnon,"Hillary Clinton was spotted dining with her Saturday Night Live impersonator, comedian Kate McKinnon, Wednesday at an Italian restaurant in Manhattan’s Theatre District. [The former Democratic candidate reportedly stopped into Orso restaurant before heading off to see the Broadway musical  Sunset Boulevard.  Hillary Clinton and the woman who plays her on SNL, Kate McKinnon, had dinner yesterday in the theater district https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Jennifer Epstein (@jeneps) February 17, 2017,  “Lots of laughter emanated from their table,” one fellow diner told Page Six. The dinner photo prompted speculation on social media that Clinton could return to Saturday Night Live for a cameo this weekend. McKinnon took on the role of Clinton throughout the 2016 presidential campaign. Clinton and McKinnon sparked a friendship after the pair appeared alongside each other in an October 2015 Saturday Night Live “cold open” sketch.  The   bit saw McKinnon playing a   more relaxed candidate Clinton. The pair traded barbs    and ripped on   candidate Donald Trump. The actress won an Emmy for her SNL portrayal, after which Clinton admitted that she’s a “big fan” of McKinnon’s. The warm feelings are apparently mutual, as McKinnon told the Hollywood Reporter in the early days of the 2016 campaign that she was “rooting for” Clinton to win. Congratulations on your Emmy, Kate! Big fan of yours, too. pic. twitter.   —   Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 19, 2016,  Clinton has spent her   days hiking, watching plays, and taking shots at Trump on social media. Last week, Clinton starred in a video for the women’s rights group MAKERS in which she praised the “amazing energy” of last month’s   women’s march and proclaimed that the “future is female. ”   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson",0
16115,Riccardo Tisci Leaves Givenchy: What It Means - The New York Times,"Yet another seismic shift is taking place in French fashion. Riccardo Tisci, the creative director of Givenchy and the designer responsible for redefining the brand Audrey Hepburn built for the Kardashian era, said on Thursday that he was leaving the brand after 12 years. A successor has not been announced. Bernard Arnault, chief executive of LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, the French conglomerate that owns Givenchy, said in a statement, “The chapter Riccardo Tisci has written with the House of Givenchy represents an incredible vision to sustain its continuous success, and I would like to warmly thank him for his core contribution. ” Designer moves have become so common of late they are starting to seem more   than critical. (A brief list of departures, since 2015, include Raf Simons from Dior, Hedi Slimane from Saint Laurent, Alber Elbaz from Lanvin, Alexander Wang from Balenciaga, Consuelo Castiglioni from Marni and, as of last Monday, Clare Waight Keller from Chloé.) But Mr. Tisci’s amicable divorce from Givenchy, rumors of which WWD reported on last month, could have deeper repercussions. Mr. Tisci had, after all, not only transformed Givenchy into one of LVMH’s most successful brands, but was often held up as a model for the partnership between hot young designer and heritage house. That he was willing to end what appeared to be a happy marriage suggests that the old days of designers staying in place for decades (Karl Lagerfeld has been at Chanel since 1983) may be finally, officially, over. Linda Fargo, senior vice president for fashion and store presentation at Bergdorf Goodman, said, “I guess destabilization is the new normal. ” When Mr. Tisci joined Givenchy in 2005 the brand was floundering after being led by a quick series of creative directors, including John Galliano, Alexander McQueen and Julien Macdonald. In an interview with The Financial Times in 2011, Marco Gobbetti, the former chief executive of Givenchy, said the brand was “a mess, without an identity. ” And Mr. Tisci was a    upstart Italian with a gothic sensibility who had barely started his own line. It seemed a surprising match, but Mr. Tisci managed to combine his own   sensibility with a certain French classicism and a dose of emotion to give Givenchy a newfound relevance: He made crosses, skulls and the perfect white shirt make sense. Mr. Tisci was also an early adopter of social media, cognizant of the power that those platforms and influencers would have on fashion. He has 1. 8 million followers on Instagram, and many of his famous friends appear in his posts as often as they do in the front row of his shows. LVMH, which also has brands such as Louis Vuitton, Céline and Fendi in its portfolio, does not break down the performance of individual maisons in its financial results. But the number of employees at Givenchy has more than tripled since Mr. Tisci joined the house in 2005, and sales revenue is believed to have grown to around 500 million euros ($539 million) annually. There are now 72   stores worldwide (compared with seven in 2005) with a Rome flagship set to open this year, and plans for a London store are underway for next year. Last week, LVMH, the world’s biggest luxury group, posted record revenue and profits for 2016, beating expectations because of strong sales in the United States and Europe and a pickup in demand in Asia. “Riccardo has accomplished everything a designer can do for a brand, clocking a very respectable tenure and creating a fully realized language for them,” Ms. Fargo said. So, why leave? Mr. Tisci said in his statement, “I now wish to focus on my personal interests and passions. ” But rumors have suggested he may be headed to Versace. It would mean going home to Italy, and to a brand whose unabashed Italian sex and   aesthetic mirrors his own. And Mr. Tisci is close to Donatella Versace (he shocked fashion in 2015 when he featured Ms. Versace, at least nominally a rival designer, in a Givenchy ad campaign). Besides, the suggestion, briefly beloved of the industry, that a designer needs a timeout from the increasingly endless show seasons, which was posited when both Mr. Simons and Ms. Waight Keller left their posts, increasingly seems like smoke and mirrors. After Dior, Mr. Simons took an even bigger job at Calvin Klein, and Ms. Waight Keller is said to be moving to a different brand (Givenchy? ). Perhaps this is the answer. Once upon a time, a designer’s name was on the door, and his or her heart was in building a legacy. Now it is rare that any creatives start their own line. Rather, the biggest jobs involve putting their talents at the service of someone else’s already gilded name. That may be an interesting intellectual and creative challenge for a while, but once achieved, it no longer holds the same allure, and the search for the next test begins. “This clearly shows that a lot of folks are about change and evolution, and both designers and brands want to be continually in motion,” said Marc Metrick, president of Saks Fifth Avenue. We tend to romanticize “the designers” and to bestow upon them some sort of mystical, spiritual connection to the houses where they reign, maybe because what they make touches our bodies and can thus transform our lives, maybe because it involves the alchemy of invention or because designers these days have the golden glow of celebrity. But what Mr. Tisci’s move suggests  —   what all of this may reveal  —   is another, more parochial, truth: Being a designer is a job like any other. And people change jobs.   Pinault, the chief executive of Kering, suggested when Frida Giannini was ousted from Gucci in 2014 that 10 years was probably long enough for any designer to stay at a brand, and after that it was good to mix things up (10 years also being the number most often chosen as an ideal tenure for a chief executive). At the time, it seemed like a radical idea. It does not any more.",0
16116,Fender Benders on Water? (See: Expanded Panama Canal) - The New York Times,"It is a section of Panama’s newly expanded canal that has troubled veteran canal workers. To safely guide the new generation of massive ships through the two sets of locks, tugboat captains and ship pilots rely on an approach wall to properly align the vessels before escorting them into the first narrow chamber. The wall is an antidote to the currents and winds that push and pull ships into awkward angles, making tugboats wrestle the elements before achieving the proper position. Each entrance has this structure  —   except one. And it was at this opening on the afternoon of July 21 that the Chinese container ship Xin Fei Zhou struck a lock wall, tearing small holes in its hull  —   canal officials call it a dent  —   and forcing it out of service. The new canal was not even a month old. Another container ship had experienced tense moments three weeks earlier as crew members responded to “countless” instructions from a canal employee who was attempting to guide it into the same set of locks. Ultimately, that transit was successful. But the Xin Fei Zhou’s mishap was not the canal’s only setback. Other vessels have sheared or badly damaged up to 100 buffering fenders that are supposed to protect the lock walls and ship hulls should they come into contact, according to interviews with canal workers. Several days before the expanded sea lane opened  —   nearly two years late and with more than $3. 4 billion in disputed costs  —   an examination by The New York Times raised questions about its viability, citing concerns over safety, design, changes in the world’s shipping patterns and demand. Canal workers had expressed concern about whether the plastic fenders on the lock walls would be adequate and whether tugboat captains had received the proper training in how to guide the giant ships through the chambers  —   a procedure that differed from the one used in the original canal. On July 22, in response to complaints, the canal’s administrator, Jorge Quijano, said the expanded canal was safe and was providing   service. To back that up, he pointed to the 224 ships that had reserved future transit slots, in addition to the dozens that had already gone through. Canal officials called the Xin Fei Zhou’s incident “minor,” saying it did not significantly damage the vessel, disrupt canal traffic or injure anyone. No official investigation occurred, Mr. Quijano said, “because the   informed that they would not attend the investigation meeting. ” Mr. Quijano also defended the utility of the canal’s buffering system, insisting that the fenders are sturdy and effective. “To imply that fenders are falling off as a sign of something wrong or that something is not functioning appropriately is inaccurate,” he said by email. “Because of its intended use, fenders will get damaged and sometimes do fall off the walls and subsequently are replaced. ” If the fenders prove inadequate, he added, changes will be made. “We believe in continuous improvements. ” The expanded canal operates differently from the original one. The new canal uses tugs to move ships through, while the original, which still operates, pulls ships through with locomotives that run alongside the lock walls. According to the Panama Canal Authority, tugs not only are cheaper, but are the only practical way to move the newer giant ships that carry much of the world’s cargo. In a 2014 report, written well before the expanded canal opened, the global insurance company Allianz wrote that the change was risky because it replaced “an elegant, simple system”  —   one that had lasted for 100 years  —   with “a more complicated system. ” It added: “Yes, they will be more up to date, but there will also be a greater potential for damage. ” Allianz believes that the tugs will be sufficient, but identified training as the key to mitigating the risks. “This will be a challenge,” the report stated. It is a challenge, tugboat captains say, made more difficult because so many of them have not been fully trained in the new system, said Iván de la Guardia, who heads the tugboat captains’ union. After three weeks of operation, Mr. de la Guardia said, 60 percent of his members had yet to be trained. Mr. Quijano said that “while we have an adequate amount of trained captains to cover our needs, the training is still being provided in order to satisfy the increased demand in the future. ” Given that the expanded canal is new, shippers are closely monitoring its operations, especially since the Xin Fei Zhou accident. “This is not an accident that should be happening,” said Basil Karatzas, a New   maritime adviser to shipping companies. He estimated that repairs to the Chinese ship could cost “a few hundred thousand dollars. ” The ship waited several days before resuming its journey. “The delays and costs entailed with repairing the damage easily negate any benefits from passing through the canal,” Mr. Karatzas said. The Times obtained    accounts of the two ships experiencing difficulty as they attempted to enter the set of locks without the approach wall. Canal workers also provided pictures of the damaged ship and the damaged fenders. Computer images, apparently recorded in real time, show tugboats struggling to position the Xin Fei Zhou as it approached the chamber before striking the left corner of the lock wall. Five days after the canal opened, the operators of another container ship, the MOL Benefactor, recorded details of its roughly   transit through the expanded locks. It was uneventful until the ship reached the lock with no approach wall. The ship’s ranking officer became concerned, records show, because of what he described as “numerous” or “countless” bow thruster orders in addition to helm and engine orders  —   all indicating a level of uncertainty on the pilot’s part. Unlike the Chinese container ship, the MOL Benefactor eventually passed through the final set of locks without incident. Londor A. Rankin leads the union of canal pilots, who board transiting ships and direct them, along with the tugboats. Two days before the Xin Fei Zhou accident, in response to email questions, Mr. Rankin said pilots were indeed experiencing problems at the entrance without an approach wall. He also said that canal officials had said they were interested in designing and building some sort of structure to help pilots and that they had considered his union’s proposal to buy floating fenders as a better way to ease ships into the chamber. But, he added, “they have mentioned the inconvenience of doing so while the warranty of the new set of locks is still in effect. ” Asked why no approach wall had been built at the one entrance, Mr. Quijano said the walls had been built where the topography allowed it. He also said   locks elsewhere do not use approach walls. Panama, in fact, copied the concept of the Berendrecht lock in Antwerp, Belgium, but that chamber is significantly wider than those in Panama’s new locks. Andrew Kinsey, a senior marine risk engineer for Allianz, said he eagerly awaited the results of the canal authority’s investigation, which he said should be shared with all interested parties. The authority has said it is conducting only an internal review that will not be released publicly, rather than a formal investigation. Historical weather data for the area, provided by CustomWeather, reported that when the accident occurred, the wind was around nine miles an hour, with light rain and scattered clouds. Mr. Quijano said that “just at the moment the vessel was entering the lock, it was suddenly hit by heavy crosswinds and very dense rain. ” Cosco Container Lines, which owns the ship, said in a statement: “This is a serious matter. ” “Is it a serious marine incident?” Mr. Kinsey asked. “That will depend on the findings and the extent of repairs. Is it a concern? Yes, there’s a hole in the ship. ” Another Chinese container ship, also owned by Cosco, was the first commercial vessel to pass through Panama’s enlarged canal, in late June. At the time, the authority proclaimed a “new era of global trade” that would provide “greater economies of scale to global commerce. ” Witnessing this historic transit, the officials said, were “25, 000 jubilant Panamanians,” heads of state, shipping executives and nearly 1, 000 journalists. Canal publicists asserted that the ship carried thousands of shipping containers, a load that would not have fit in the smaller, original canal. But the new canal’s sparkling narrative omitted one important fact: Most, if not all, of the shipping containers were empty. And even with the lighter load, the ship awkwardly brushed against a canal wall, according to photos posted online by canal workers. Mr. Quijano said some containers had contained cargo. Besides, he said, cargo containers constitute cargo even when empty. On Tuesday, Mr. Quijano announced that the canal authority was contemplating a ban on cellphones during transits because they were a distraction.",0
16117,"‘The FBI is Trumpland’: anti-Clinton atmosphere spurred leaking, sources say","November 4, 2016 ‘The FBI is Trumpland’: anti-Clinton atmosphere spurred leaking, sources say 
Deep antipathy to Hillary Clinton exists within the FBI, multiple bureau sources have told the Guardian, spurring a rapid series of leaks damaging to her campaign just days before the election. 
Current and former FBI officials, none of whom were willing or cleared to speak on the record, have described a chaotic internal climate that resulted from outrage over director James Comey’s July decision not to recommend an indictment over Clinton’s maintenance of a private email server on which classified information transited. 
“The FBI is Trumpland,” said one current agent. 
This atmosphere raises major questions about how Comey and the bureau he is slated to run for the next seven years can work with Clinton should she win the White House.",0
16118,This Golden Eagle Lands On Standing Rock And Allows Water Protectors To Touch Him,"Share on Facebook Another Avatar moment at Standing Rock. This is a Golden Eagle that landed for about an hour. Natives gathered around it and were able to touch it. American Natives see the eagle as a sacred messenger that carries prayers to the Creator and returns with gifts and visions. Freedom is vital to the survival of the eagle and this teaches us that all people must be free to choose their own paths; to worship as the Creator leads them; and to respect the freedom of others. The Eagle teaches how to master the art of patience and how to move through life without material attachments from their ability to sit for long hours perched on a limb in meditation. Eagles have excellent hearing and can hunt as much by ear as by sight. To those to whom eagle comes, the ability to hear spiritually and psychically will awaken. Eagles have sharp beaks and strong jaws that can remove a finger in one snap. The eagle tells us to mind our words and how they affects others; to speak kindly without sharp rancor. Eagles are renowned for their superior vision, ten times greater than human eyesight. This quality is a gift of vision and clarity that should be used to help others through dark and troubling times. The eagle is a creature of the air, but has strong legs to walk on the earth and often lives near the water for food. These qualities of the eagle teach us to maintain balance in all dimensions to achieve inner-growth. As we soar to spiritual awareness, we remain well grounded in reality as we purify ourselves with the cleansing waters. The eagle teaches us to have the courage to strive for greater heights of spirituality. The Eagle is seen by American Indians as a connection to the Great Mystery – The Creator of all things. VIDEO – Eagles Arrive At Standing Rock Related:",0
16119,"This is what happens when you don’t have the Queen, Canada tells America","Wednesday 9 November 2016 by Davywavy This is what happens when you don’t have the Queen, Canada tells America 
Canada has given a sad shake of its head and observed that this is what happens when you don’t have the Queen today. 
Browsing the news over its breakfast of bacon, bacon and bacon, Canada met news from The USA with a mixture of incomprehension and pity. 
Meanwhile, office conversations around baconcoolers across the country have been held in hushed, horrified tones about the fate which has befallen their neighbour to the south. 
“I just called into Tim Hortons for a cup of bacon decaf and a bacon donut when I heard the news from America,” said Canadian Simoon Williams. 
“Those poor, poor people. If only they’d kept the Queen as head of state, they’d have avoided all of this. 
“Just think; if the American colonists hadn’t been armed in 1776, they’d all be speaking English now.” Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",0
16120,Opinion: Economics is a Form of Brain Damage,"Opinion: Economics is a Form of Brain Damage 10/27/2016 
UPLIFT CONNECT 
Economics is Not a Science and is Not Based in the Real World 
In today’s world, economics is king. Everyone’s talking money and economy, yet none of it is actually even real. 
Award winning scientist, author, environmental activist, broadcaster, and geneticist, David Suzuki, gives us the thought provoking truth about economics. 
“Economics is not a science – it doesn’t even include the earth in its equations. Economics is not based in anything like the real world.” 
“Money now grows faster than the real world and economics is so fundamentally disconnected from the real world that it is destructive.” 
Here David Suzuki explains how conventional economics is a form of brain damage.",0
16121,"As Wind Power Lifts Wyoming’s Fortunes, Coal Miners Are Left in the Dust - The New York Times","GILLETTE, Wyo.  —   After Kullin Orcutt lost his job at the Peabody coal mine this spring, he knew what he needed to do: join the exodus. “Leave Gillette, leave the state,” he said. Mr. Orcutt is a   miner and one of 592 coal workers who have been laid off here since January. Thousands more job cuts are expected this summer. More people will follow Mr. Orcutt. While many businesses in Gillette are struggling to stay open, a   dealer has been nearly sold out since the school year ended this month. But 200 miles to the southwest, in Carbon County, where Wyoming’s first coal mine opened a century ago, the mood is different. The last coal mine closed a decade ago, but the county may soon be home to the largest wind farm in North America, if not the world. “Coal is hurting, but wind power is our bright spot on the horizon,” said Cindy Wallace, the director of the Carbon County Economic Development Corporation. “Eventually, we could be the wind capital of Wyoming, the U. S. the world. ” In Wyoming, the country’s biggest   state, the energy landscape is transforming along with the nation’s, but in a state of 584, 000 people, that change is happening at hyperspeed. That transition has left men like Mr. Orcutt behind. The new positions and financial opportunities offered by wind and other   industries are not replacing all the jobs going up in coal smoke. Many of the current jobs are out of state, at wind turbine factories in Colorado and Iowa. Millions of dollars’ worth of    investments are flowing into Wyoming’s wind projects, but much of the profit will flow out of state, as well. The thousands of coal workers who will probably lose their jobs do not necessarily have the technical skills to operate wind farms. In any case, new wind jobs will number in the hundreds, not the thousands. So when Mr. Orcutt left Gillette this spring, he did not head for the wind fields of Carbon County. Instead, he moved to Shelby, Mont. for a job at a privately run prison, leaving behind his wife and son in a groaning   apartment that they share with Mr. Orcutt’s sister, her husband  —   a welder who was laid off from the coal mines  —   and that couple’s three children. “It’s hard being here without them, but here I have a job,” he said. “In Gillette, those jobs are gone forever. ” The numbers bear out his decision, said Robert W. Godby, an energy economist and professor at the University of Wyoming. “Wind energy is certainly lucrative,” he said. “That’s why so many investors are interested. But it doesn’t create nearly the economic impact of the fossil fuel industry. ” Today, about 66 percent of the electricity in the United States is produced by coal and natural gas, and just 7 percent is produced by renewable sources such as wind and solar. But market forces and government regulations are rapidly changing that picture. A glut of inexpensive natural gas has cut into coal’s dominance of America’s power market. And President Obama’s climate change regulations, known as the Clean Power Plan, take direct aim at coal, the No. 1 cause of   greenhouse gases. The Department of the Interior has already declared a halt on new coal mining on public lands, a move with an outsize impact on Wyoming, where a majority of mines are on federal property. And the international Paris agreement on climate change could make the efforts to end the burning of coal a global campaign. All of these policies are closing the remaining   plants and freezing the construction of new ones, but they also aim to aggressively increase the production of renewable power. The Clean Power Plan contains a goal for 20 percent of the nation’s electricity to come from wind, solar and other clean sources by 2030. Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, has pledged to raise that amount to 33 percent by 2027. Companies from around the world are looking to Wyoming’s wind to meet that demand. “There’s enough wind in Wyoming to power the entire country,” said Michael Goggin, the senior director of research at the American Wind Energy Association. Wyoming’s Republican governor, Matt Mead, is skeptical of   climate change, and has been an outspoken opponent of Mr. Obama’s climate change agenda. Still, he also sees economic opportunity in  wind power. “We’ve been a    state, exporting energy to the rest of the country,” Mr. Mead said in an interview in his office. “With the advances in wind turbines, why shouldn’t we be leading that at the University of Wyoming? Why don’t we do more to bring wind manufacturing to the state?” Perhaps the biggest winner in Wyoming’s wind boom will be one man: Philip F. Anschutz, a Colorado billionaire and major Republican donor. His company, the Anschutz Corporation, is building the Carbon County wind farm on 2, 000 acres owned by Mr. Anschutz and the federal government. When completed, the site will be the largest wind power producer in North America, generating enough electricity to light a million homes  —   far more than Wyoming needs. Mr. Anschutz is also planning to build the TransWest Express, a   power line that would take Wyoming’s wind energy to Las Vegas and California. Construction on both projects is expected to begin late this year or early 2017. On a recent day, Bill Miller, senior vice president of energy and land resources for the Anschutz Corporation, drove his truck through the Carbon County site’s rocky mesas, which channel   wind across the green plain. The only visible inhabitants were cows, antelopes, prairie dogs and rattlesnakes. Although wind power has traditionally been more expensive than fossil fuels, Mr. Miller said the Anschutz wind project will be large enough to make wind as cheap, if not cheaper, than coal power. “We can produce wind power here that’s competitive with anything: coal, natural gas,” Mr. Miller said. Mr. Miller estimates that the construction of the wind farm will create about 900 seasonal jobs over the decade it will take to build it, and about 150   jobs to operate and maintain it. In the nearby town of Rawlins, he said, a branch of Western Wyoming Community College has already started programs to train wind power technicians. “You’ll be able to take a coal miner from Gillette  —   he can go to the community college here for the skills, and get a job as a wind technician,” Mr. Miller said. But, he conceded, “Am I going to replace 800 lost coal jobs in Gillette with new wind jobs? No. ” Another big winner in the Wyoming wind boom may be a Venezuelan company, Viridis Eolia Corporation, which also plans to build a   wind farm near Carbon County, one second in size in North America only to the Anschutz project. “It’s the wave of the future,” Juan Carlos Carpio Delfino, Viridis Eolia’s chief executive, said at an energy conference at Little America, a golf resort outside Cheyenne. “With Obama’s clean power regulations, and the signing of the Paris agreement, it creates a stable market for wind  —   and this is the best wind in North America. ” That remains cold comfort to Wyoming’s coal community. Mr. Godby estimates that in the coming years, Wyoming could lose up to 10, 000 jobs related to the coal industry. Last month, officials from the Interior Department held a public hearing in Casper to gather input on the current halt on new coal mining on the state’s public lands. During the meeting, Jillian Balow, the Wyoming superintendent of public instruction, spoke before a crowd of hundreds, her voice cracking. “We have reached the point where the restrictions and regulations for the industry are past our ability to adapt,” she said. “It has put thousands of   people out of work and is devastating families. ” “Give us a chance,” she pleaded.",0
16122,"Nigel Farage, Who Spurred ‘Brexit,’ Resigns as Head of U.K. Independence Party - The New York Times","LONDON  —   He spent nearly 20 years pushing for Britain to leave the European Union, and having succeeded in his aim, he is now taking his leave. Nigel Farage, the politician who probably did more than any other to force the referendum on British membership in the European Union, resigned on Monday as leader of the   populist U. K. Independence Party, saying, “I’ve done my bit. ” Mr. Farage, 52, has quit the post before  —   twice. But on Monday he sounded as if he meant it this time, telling reporters that “my political ambition has been achieved” and that “I want my life back. ” But since the “Brexit” vote he has also been encouraged to quit by Arron Banks, the   insurance millionaire who has been a main funder of the party, known as UKIP, and of the unofficial Leave. EU campaign, and who sees the possibility of a more broadly based political party that can appeal to disaffected Labour voters. Mr. Farage  —   brash, outspoken, loquacious and divisive, a commodities broker turned politician who loves widely striped suits and large glasses of beer  —   was probably not the man to lead the new party beyond its current limits. In a recent interview with the Financial Times over lunch, he consumed three pints of beer, half a bottle of wine and a glass of port. But his push for a referendum, first as a member of the European Parliament and then as the leader of UKIP, arguing that Britain could manage immigration and regain full sovereignty only from outside the European Union, struck a deep chord with many Britons. It fed into the euroskeptic wing of the Conservative Party and made many Conservative legislators fear that UKIP would deny them an election victory in 2015. In the end, UKIP got 13 percent of the vote but only one seat in Britain’s electoral system, and Mr. Cameron won a surprising majority. But he did so having promised this referendum, which he lost. Even within UKIP, Mr. Farage was not universally loved. Internal critics complained of an inability to delegate, and his rivalry with the more cerebral Douglas Carswell, UKIP’s only member of Britain’s Parliament, developed into guerrilla warfare. On Monday, Mr. Carswell greeted Mr. Farage’s resignation announcement by posting on Twitter a smiling emoji wearing sunglasses. Mr. Farage specialized in a blunt political discourse that appealed both to   conservatives and to those who felt left behind in an increasingly polarized country. Opponents frequently accused him of racism and xenophobia, most recently just before the referendum when he unveiled a poster depicting refugees at the Croatian border under the slogan “Breaking Point. ” Mr. Farage denied the charge and responded that he was the real “victim” of abuse. The vote to quit the bloc was an enormous and unexpected victory for Mr. Farage, a politician who delights in his own lack of political correctness, discipline and bland sound bites. He infuriated others in the European Parliament last week, telling them that they were “in denial” and gloating over the victory, which he saw as a blow by “little people” against the elite. As they mocked him, he responded: “Isn’t it funny? When I came here 17 years ago and I said that I wanted to lead a campaign to get Britain to leave the European Union, you all laughed at me. Well, I have to say, you’re not laughing now, are you? The reason you’re so upset, you’re so angry, has been perfectly clear, from all the angry exchanges this morning. “You as a political project are in denial. You’re in denial that your currency is failing. Just look at the Mediterranean! As a policy to impose poverty on Greece and the Mediterranean you’ve done very well,” he said, then went on in that vein, both angry and smug. But his claim to be an   figure was never convincing. Educated at Dulwich College, a famous and expensive private day school for boys in south London, he skipped college to become a commodities trader. In a 2010 memoir, “Fighting Bull” (updated in paperback as “Flying Free”) he described his years of making money during the day and drinking hard at night, and his various adventures with women, marriage and divorce. He survived testicular cancer in his 20s and, later, a serious accident when a light aircraft he was in crashed. Mr. Farage became involved in the campaign to extract Britain from the European Union in the early 1990s, but the UKIP he joined soon found itself competing with another,   group, the Referendum Party. In Britain’s 1997 general election, UKIP won just 0. 3 percent of the vote. But the prospects of Mr. Farage and his party were immeasurably helped when the European Union forced Britain to adopt more proportional voting in elections for the European Parliament. In 1999, Mr. Farage won one of three UKIP seats in the European Parliament, where he has stayed ever since, and where he has used the generous expense allowances for legislators to promote his party and himself. Despite his innate English nationalism, Mr. Farage always seemed at home in Brussels, where he would frequent the bars of Place du Luxembourg, or in Strasbourg, France, the home of the European Parliament, where UKIP held regular,   dinners in what was known as the “gadfly club. ” Mr. Farage employed his   second wife, Kirsten Mehr, as his assistant, and has acknowledged expense and allowance claims of some 2 million pounds, in the neighborhood of $3 million, since his election to the Parliament. None of which prevented him from pummeling the institutions or its representatives, most notably the former president of the European Council, Herman Van Rompuy, whose appointment he greeted with the sort of polemic seldom heard in the rarefied debates of the European Parliament. In what was to become a YouTube hit, Mr. Farage told Mr. Van Rompuy to his face in 2010 that he had “the charisma of a damp rag and the appearance of a   bank clerk. ” By then Mr. Farage, who was elected UKIP leader in 2006, had already resigned once  —   after the European Parliament elections in 2009, in which UKIP won 13 seats with 16. 5 percent of the vote. The plan was to run for the British Parliament in 2010, but Mr. Farage lost, and on the day of the election nearly lost his life in the aircraft accident. He tried again in the 2015 British election but failed again, even as UKIP nationally won almost four million votes. In the immediate disappointment of that failure he quit the party leadership, only to reverse his decision, claiming, to some ridicule, that this was by popular demand. During the recent referendum campaign, he was kept out of the official Leave campaign amid fears that his focus on immigration might deter     voters. But migration became a dominant issue for all the senior figures who argued for British withdrawal from the European Union, a vindication of sorts for Mr. Farage. “Love him or loathe him  —   and many people do  —   it is simply a fact that we would not have had the referendum vote, nor have won it, without him,” said Gawain Towler, a longtime ally and spokesman for UKIP. No one else had a similar reach among voters in poorer, postindustrial areas that had traditionally voted for the opposition Labour Party, Mr. Towler added. Under Mr. Farage, UKIP transformed itself from a   rump into an insurgent populist force, switching its focus from support among groups such as   personnel in the affluent south to the   towns of the east coast and the north of England. UKIP’s support, he has said, is now to be found in areas with “ordinary people who get up at 6 in the morning, commute to work, pay their mortgages and do their best to bring their kids up. ” Last month, millions of those people listened more to Mr. Farage than to the mainstream political leaders, precipitating a referendum result that, just a few years ago, seemed inconceivable. And today, with Mr. Cameron announcing his resignation, the Conservatives competing to see who is the most loyal to Brexit and the Labour Party in chaos  —   with little to say about immigration  —   UKIP or a party built on its foundations has an open door for more support. “During the referendum campaign, I said I want my country back,” Mr. Farage said on Monday. “What I’m saying today is I want my life back, and it begins right now. ” Not quite. Mr. Farage said he intended to keep his Parliament seat in Strasbourg until Britain finally left the European Union, just to ensure that there was no backsliding  —   and undoubtedly to keep annoying the other legislators by his very presence.",0
16123,Ohio City Reverses ’Sanctuary’ Policy,"The City of Dayton, Ohio, has officially dropped a sanctuary policy that prohibited local law enforcement from handing over criminal illegal immigrants to federal officials. [The Dayton Police Department rescinded the policy just weeks after President Donald Trump signed an executive order in which the Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) would have authority over cutting federal funds to sanctuary jurisdictions which harbor illegal immigrants.  Under the sanctuary policy, Dayton officials were not allowed to speak with Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) about cases involving illegal aliens who were accused of misdemeanors or felony property crimes, according to the Dayton Daily News. Dayton Police Chief Richard Biehl said the policy change was simply so that his police force would be in accordance with federal immigration law. Biehl, though, said his department does not have the legal authority to enforce immigration law, but the policy change means ICE would be able to do that job without obstruction from the police department. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
16124,Many Popular Tea Bags Contain Alarming Amounts of Deadly Pesticides (avoid these brands like the plague),"Many Popular Tea Bags Contain Alarming Amounts of Deadly Pesticides (avoid these brands like the plague) Most conventional tea brands such as Lipton, Allegro, Celestial Seasonings, Tazo, Teavana, Bigelow, Republic of Tea, Twinings, Yogi, Tea Forte, Mighty Leaf, Trader Joe’s, Tetley contain really high levels of toxic substances such as fluoride and pesticides. We are not talking about calcium fluoride which is a natural element, but about the synthetic fluoride which is a toxic by product. These levels are dangerously high to the point of being considered unsafe. So drinking cheap tea can be as bad as eating junk food. Cheap Tea Contains Fluoride and Pesticides 
Most teas are not washed before being dried, thus non-organic teas contain pesticide residues. Some tea brands ( even those claimed organic or pesticide free! ) have recently been found to contain pesticides that are known carcinogens – in quantities above the US and EU limits! 
A new study published in the journal of, Food Research International , found that cheaper blends contain enough fluoride to put people under the risk of many illnesses such as bone tooth, kidney problems and even cancer. 
In fact, some brands of cheap tea contain nearly 7 parts per million (ppm) and the allowed level of fluoride is 4 ppm. This is quite scary since fluoride gets into your bones and accumulates in your body. It stays there for years. So how did fluoride get into tea? 
The tea plant accumulates fluoride as it grows. This means that old leaves contain the most fluoride. Cheaper quality teas are often made from old leaves that contain more fluoride than young tea leaves (here is an example) . Additionally, these cheaper brands use smaller leaves which contain more fluoride. 
And what about decaffeinated tea? 
Well, decaffeinated tea showed higher fluoride levels than caffeinated tea. 
So what is the solution? Should you stop drinking tea all together? Of course not! First of all, make sure to buy loose leaf tea and brew your tea from scratch. Bagged tea which might seem convenient and ready to go, is often made from low quality leaves which surely contain more fluoride. Stick to white tea (here) . It has the least amount of fluoride. Buy organic tea because the methods for cultivation are more sophisticated and conscious. They might even use purified water for the soil. We’ve just scratched the surface here, please check out Food Babe’s full report for more detailed information and a chart of which teas came out with their reputations intact – and please share with your tea-loving friends!",0
16125,"Chris Pratt Says ’Average Blue-Collar Americans’ Not Represented in Hollywood Movies, Then Apologizes","Actor Chris Pratt, one of Hollywood’s biggest movie stars, has apologized for saying his industry does not represent “the average,   American. ”[In an interview with Men’s Fitness, the Parks and Recreation alum decried the disparity of roles that “resonate” with him.  “I don’t see personal stories that necessarily resonate with me, because they’re not my stories,” Pratt told the outlet. “I think there’s room for me to tell mine  —   and probably an audience that would be hungry for them. The voice of the average,   American isn’t necessarily represented in Hollywood. ” It did not take long before social media users pounced on Pratt’s comments, some suggesting that several films, including several Academy   movies, featured   characters and storylines: Recent movies about blue collar people: FencesManchester By the SeaMoonlightHidden FiguresHell or High Water, xo @prattprattpratt,  —   Scott Weinberg (@scottEweinberg) April 21, 2017,  @1followernodad There’s a fucking blue collar mark wahlberg movie every two months.  —   Brittany and Cory (@bpikecsmith) April 21, 2017,  Running away from my Chris Pratt crush like pic. twitter.   —   Russell (@RussellFalcon) April 21, 2017,  ”The average,   American worker isn’t represented in Hollywood” says Chris Pratt who played a shoe shiner on a popular sitcom pic. twitter.   —   Eric Francisco (@EricTheDragon) April 21, 2017,  Some   blogs also piled on: Jezebel: “Chris Pratt Is Kind of a  ” Marie Claire: While it’s nice that Chris wants to see more people like himself   he is a straight, white male. And Hollywood has an *actual* diversity problem at the moment —  both in terms of race and gender. So, actually, maybe it’s time for there to be less stories like Chris Pratt’s, and more stories about, oh, you know, literally any other marginalized community in this country. The Mary Sue: “I Miss Not Knowing What Chris Pratt Thinks About Things” Pratt hopped on Twitter on Friday and walked his   comments all the way back. “That was actually a pretty stupid thing to say,” the Virginia, Minnesota, native wrote to his four million followers. “I’ll own that. There’s a ton of movies about blue collar America”: That was actually a pretty stupid thing to say. I’ll own that. There’s a ton of movies about blue collar America. https:  .   —   chris pratt (@prattprattpratt) April 21, 2017,  Pratt, who stars in blockbuster franchise films, including Universal’s Jurassic World and Disney’s Guardians of the Galaxy, received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame Friday. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson.",0
16127,"South Koreans, Seeking New Zest for Life, Experience Their Own Funerals - The New York Times","SEOUL, South Korea  —   Did you ever wonder what it would be like to be at your own funeral? Some South Koreans aren’t waiting to die to find out. It’s become a trend in recent years to act out a mock funeral service as a way of better appreciating life. The Hyowon Healing Center in Seoul runs one such program, with financial backing from a funeral service company. After an instructional lecture and video, participants are led into a dimly lit hall decorated with chrysanthemums, where they sit, often tearfully, beside caskets and write their last testaments. Then they put on burial shrouds and lie down in the coffins. A   man dressed in a black robe, “the Envoy from the Other World,” hammers the lids closed. The participants are left encased in utter darkness for 10 minutes  —   which can feel like an eternity. “There was not a single ray of light coming in, and how I cried in the dark, suffocating coffin!” a recent participant wrote in a blog post. Jeong   the director of the Hyowon program, said 15, 000 people had gone through mock funerals at the center since 2012. The program is free. Some participants had terminal illnesses and wanted help preparing for the end others had suicidal impulses that they wanted to dispel. Businesses send employees as part of a motivational program. At the end of the      session, Mr. Jeong tells the participants: “Now, you have shed your old self. You are reborn to have a fresh start!” It takes a few minutes for them to readjust, but soon they are chatting, laughing and taking selfies with their coffins. Mr. Jeong said he keeps an eye out for the few morbid souls who seem to feel a little too “comfortable in the coffin. ” But most participants say they feel strangely refreshed afterward, gaining a new perspective on the things that matter in life, like family. “I feel my heart pumping,” one participant wrote in a blog post, where she confessed to having thought about suicide before the mock funeral service. “I am alive!”",0
16128,Anderson Cooper Sorry for ’Crude’ Donald Trump Remark to Jeffrey Lord,"CNN anchor Anderson Cooper says he regrets making a “crude” and “unprofessional” remark about President Donald Trump to Jeffrey Lord live   Friday during a segment on AC360. [Lord, a CNN political commentator, and Cooper were debating a dubious New York Times story that claimed, based on anonymous sources, that Trump reportedly told Russian officials that former FBI Director James Comey is a “nut job. ”  “I don’t care what he says to the Russians he’s the President of the United States,” Lord told Cooper. Cooper crudely replied, “If he took a dump on his desk, you would defend it. I don’t know what he would do that you would not defend”: ”If he took a dump on his desk you would defend it.” 💩@andersoncooper what? 😲 pic. twitter.   —   Salvador Hernandez (@SalHernandez) May 20, 2017,  Cooper’s remarks, made live   quickly caused controversy on social media. Actor James Woods said Cooper’s comments marked “a new low for #CNN”: #Scatologist #AndersonCooper sets a new low for #CNN #PooperScooper https:  .   —   James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) May 20, 2017,  This is a journalist? #AndersonCooper https:  .   —   James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) May 20, 2017,  ”Its not news, its #CNN” #ScatologistAndersonCooper #DeskDumpster #AndersonScooper https:  .   —   James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) May 20, 2017,  Other social media users ripped Cooper and CNN for “fake news” and their   bias: @andersoncooper Shame on you and your fake news #IfAlledgedDomeoneSaidTheySay #AndersonCooperWeWantRealNewsNotFantasyNews,  —   Mid Merica (@L0veAm0re) May 20, 2017,  THIS is JOURNALISM? Disgusting! #AndersonCooper to Jeffrey Lord: You’d defend Trump if he ’took a dump on his desk’ https:  .   —   Lady De’Plorable (@IncognitoPatrio) May 20, 2017,  Cooper quickly issued an   apology for his remarks and released a short statement on Twitter, apologizing for what he had said. “I regret the crude sentence I spoke earlier tonight and followed it up by apologizing on air,” the CNN host tweeted. “It was unprofessional. I am genuinely sorry. ” Lord, for his part, humbly accepted Cooper’s apology. “@andersoncooper is my colleague and a friend for whom I have the highest professional and personal regard. Message America? It’s ok 2 laugh!” Lord wrote on Twitter. @andersoncooper is my colleague and a friend for whom I have the highest professional and personal regard. Message America? It’s ok 2 laugh!  —   Jeff Lord (@realJeffreyLord) May 20, 2017,  The incident comes about a week after many media outlets and pundits accused Cooper of rolling his eyes at Trump senior strategist Kellyanne Conway while the two were debating Comey’s firing on CNN: Best. EyeRoll. Ever  …    . pic. twitter.   —   James Corden (@JKCorden) May 10, 2017,  Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson.",0
16129,Chris Pratt Apologizes to Deaf People for Saying ’Turn Up the Volume’ During Video - Breitbart,"Hollywood actor and Guardians of the Galaxy star Chris Pratt apologized in sign language to deaf people last week after he said “turn up the volume” during a video. [Pratt encouraged viewers to “turn up the volume and not just read the subtitles,” during an Instagram video, which are muted on the platform by default. Pratt made the comment in the context of hoping Instagram users would stop and watch the video, instead of just scrolling past the silent clip. The video was removed shortly after.  In the apology video, which was made using American Sign Language, Pratt expressed regret for making “incredibly insensitive to the many folks out there who depend on subtitles. ”  Instagram does this thing where it mutes all the videos it shows and forces you to turn on the volume in order to hear them. (maybe because most people are watching those videos at work when they should be working and don’t want to get caught. I know that’s when I do it. 😬) So when I made a video recently with subtitles, and requested that people turn up the volume and not just ”read the subtitles” it was so people wouldn’t scroll past the video on mute, thus watching and digesting the information in the video. HOWEVER, I realize now doing so was incredibly insensitive to the many folks out there who depend on subtitles. More than 38 million Americans live with some sort of hearing disability. So I want to apologize. I have people in my life who are   and the last thing in the world I would want to do is offend them or anybody who suffers from hearing loss or any other disability. So truly from the bottom of my heart I apologize. Thanks for pointing this out to me. In the future I’ll try to be a little less ignorant about it.  Now  …     I know some of you are going to say, ”Hey! Chris only apologized because his publicist made him!” Well. That is not the case. As always I control my social media. Nobody else. And I am doing this because I’m actually really sorry. Apologies are powerful. I don’t dole them out  . This is one of those moments where I screwed up and here’s me begging your pardon. I hope you accept my apology.  And on that note. Why doesn’t Instagram have some kind of technology to automatically add subtitles to its videos? Or at least the option. I did a little exploring and it seems lacking in that area. Shouldn’t there be an option for closed captioning or something? I’ve made them lord knows how much money with my videos and pictures. Essentially sharing myself for free. I know they profit. So  …     GET ON IT INSTAGRAM! !! Put closed captioning on your app. #CCinstaNow, A post shared by chris pratt (@prattprattpratt) on May 4, 2017 at 5:59am PDT,  “More than 38 million Americans live with some sort of hearing disability  …     I want to apologize. I have people in my life who are   and the last thing in the world I would want to do is offend them or anybody who suffers from hearing loss or any other disability,” declared Pratt. “In the future I’ll try to be a little less ignorant about it. ” Pratt also finished off his video by encouraging Instagram to integrate closed captioning to videos on their platform. “Why doesn’t Instagram have some kind of technology to automatically add subtitles to its videos? Or at least the option,” he asked. “I did a little exploring and it seems lacking in that area. Shouldn’t there be an option for closed captioning or something?” “I’ve made them lord knows how much money with my videos and pictures. Essentially sharing myself for free,” Pratt continued. “I know they profit. So  …     GET ON IT INSTAGRAM! !! Put closed captioning on your app. #CCinstaNow. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
16130,T.J. Miller: Role of Comedy Changed with ’This Motherf***er in the White House’,"Actor and   comedian T. J. Miller believes that the roles of entertainers have changed drastically with the election of President Donald Trump. [In an interview with the Wrap this week, the Silicon Valley star  —   whose first HBO   special, Meticulously Ridiculous, premiered Saturday  —   said his whole approach to his craft has changed now that Trump, whom he called “this mother***er in the White House,” was elected in November.  “It used to be different  —   before it was, ‘What is absurdist?’ Then this mother***er in the White House totally changed everything for everyone,” the    actor told the outlet. “Immediately after the election, Kumail Nanjiani was walking around the set of Silicon Valley saying, ‘Everything’s changed now  —   standup, everything.’ Now, I have a political obstacle to a social mission, and the f*ckery that must be dealt with,” he added. Miller has previously spoken out against the president during his hosting gig at the Critics’ Choice Awards in December, the actor joked that trolls did well in 2016, “not the movie, but the dudes on the Internet,” adding: “One of them got elected president. ” Miller also stood on an actual “soap box” for a segment about how celebrities should stick to doing their jobs instead of trying to opine on politics. “All I want to do is talk about what’s going on in the world, but the problem is, I hate when celebrities get on their soap box,” Miller said. “Just do your act. Don’t tell the rest of us how to think, O. K.?” A few days before the awards show, the Office Christmas Party actor was arrested after allegedly slapping an Uber driver during what was reported to be an argument between the two about    Trump. While a large number of Hollywood stars have taken their political activism to new heights since Trump’s election, not every celebrity believes it is the obligation of entertainers to discuss political topics. A number of celebrities, including Mark Wahlberg, Billy Joel, and Kevin Hart have said explicitly in the past that they prefer to stay away from talking about their personal politics.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
16131,Hundreds of rescued refugees arrive at Italian port of Catania,Support Us Hundreds of rescued refugees arrive at Italian port of Catania,0
16132,"Assad’s History of Chemical Attacks, and Other Atrocities - The New York Times","In six years of war, President Bashar   of Syria has overseen a campaign of carnage, turning an enormous cache of deadly weapons against the very people they were presumably stockpiled to protect. In a campaign to crush rebels and jihadists, Mr. Assad and his allies have relied on tactics that go far beyond the norms of modern warfare to kill many thousands of Syrians. Here are the ways they have done it. In the latest attack on civilians, more than 100 people, including children, were believed to have been killed by chemical weapons in a   town in Idlib Province on Tuesday. A doctor there said the victims’’ pupils were reduced to   dots, a characteristic of nerve agents and other banned toxic substances. The United States put the blame for the attack on the Syrian government and its patrons, Russia and Iran, and suggested that the salvo was a war crime. While the attack was among the deadliest uses of chemical weapons in Syria in years, it was far from an isolated case. During the war, the Assad government has been accused of regularly using chlorine gas, which is less deadly than the agent used on Tuesday and is legal in its commercial form. According to the Violations Documentation Center, an antigovernment watchdog, more than 1, 100 Syrians have been killed in chemical weapons and gas attacks. There are also reports that the Islamic State, also known as ISIS, has used mustard agent in northern Syria. In a war that has involved some of the modern world’s most dangerous weapons, Mr. Assad and his allies have also used an ancient tactic to devastating effect: siege warfare. Last year, government troops brought the   districts of Aleppo, Syria’s largest city before the war, to its knees. Residents of those areas of the northern city were besieged for months. Hundreds of thousands of people there and in other besieged cities risked starving to death, and many hundreds succumbed to the stranglehold that forces loyal to Mr. Assad had on the city’s food supply. In September, after the Assad government agreed to allow international aid convoys to enter Aleppo, Russian or Syrian warplanes attacked the trucks, killing about 20 people and leading to a suspension in aid. A month earlier, the   city of Daraya, after four years of siege and bombings, struck a deal to surrender to the government. Rebel forces and the Islamic State have also besieged   areas on a smaller scale. The Syrian government has summarily executed 5, 000 to 13, 000 people in mass hangings in just one of its many prisons since the start of the    uprising against Mr. Assad, Amnesty International said in a report in February. Inmates are kept under conditions so dismal  —   including regular, severe beatings and deprivation of food, water, medicine and basic sanitation  —   that they amount to deliberate extermination, defined under international law as a crime against humanity, the report said. Syrian and Russian warplanes have bombed civilian targets and population centers, hitting mosques, schools and markets. Government forces have struck   areas with barrel bombs, large containers filled with explosive material and shrapnel. Airstrikes have also targeted hospitals. According to the group Physicians for Human Rights, more than 300 hospitals have been attacked, a phenomenon the United Nations has likened to a “weapon of war. ” Rebels have also shelled civilian areas, but their weapons are less powerful. More than 38, 000 people have been killed in shelling attacks and explosions, according to the Violations Documentation Center, a Syrian local monitoring group that compiles data on human rights breaches. Among the deadliest weapons deployed against civilians were Scud missiles, aimed at   areas in the early years of the war. Scores of people were killed in explosions and buried under rubble when their homes were hit.",0
16133,Clashes in Stockholm Suburb Draw Attention to Trump’s Remarks - The New York Times,"STOCKHOLM  —   Residents in a northwestern suburb predominantly inhabited by immigrants have clashed with police officers, two days after President Trump unleashed a vague but pointed critique of Sweden’s migration policies. About 20 to 30 masked men threw stones and other objects at police officers in the suburb, Rinkeby, after the police arrested a man on suspicion of dealing drugs. A police officer fired at the perpetrators but did not strike anyone, and the disturbances continued for several more hours, stretching into early Tuesday morning. A photojournalist was injured in the clashes. (The police initially classified the gunshot as a warning shot.) The episode drew scrutiny worldwide because of Mr. Trump’s assertions  —   based on a Fox News segment  —   that Sweden had experienced a surge in crime and violence as a result of taking in large numbers of refugees. Mr. Trump’s comments were greeted with anger in Sweden, the latest example of strong criticism by the American president antagonizing friendly countries, including neighbors like Mexico and allies like Australia and the European Union. Swedish officials criticized Mr. Trump’s statements about crime in the country as exaggerations. Preliminary statistics do not show a major increase in crime from 2015, when the country processed a record 163, 000 asylum applications, to 2016. Disturbances like the one in Rinkeby, officials said, are not unprecedented but are infrequent. In 2013, the police shooting of a man wielding a knife led to nights of violence in the suburbs of Stockholm, including Rinkeby. Interior Minister Anders Ygeman called the clashes on Monday “very serious. ” But, he added: “There is work being done to make our suburbs and socially vulnerable areas safer. Sometimes it can get a little messy, but the police are not backing down. ” Nonetheless, the disturbances in Rinkeby were seized upon by some people online as evidence of Mr. Trump’s claim. Rinkeby, an economically deprived area of about 16, 000 people, is overwhelmingly populated by residents with immigrant backgrounds.   news media in the United States and elsewhere have insisted that Sweden is covering up evidence of   crime  —   a claim officials in this prosperous Scandinavian nation, which has a long humanitarian tradition, have rejected. Lars Bystrom, a police spokesman, said the police were summoned at 8:18 p. m. on Monday to the transit station in Rinkeby, about seven miles northwest of Stockholm’s City Hall, after officers made a   arrest and were set upon by residents. A police officer fired a live round of ammunition as a warning shot. “No one was hit, but it had the intended effect of clearing the scene so that police could make an arrest,” Mr. Bystrom said. The clashes intensified, with up to 70 people throwing stones and objects, before the police finally got the situation under control around 12:15 a. m. he said. Asked whether there was enough of a police presence in Rinkeby, Mr. Bystrom cited the district police chief, Niklas Andersson, in describing police resources in the area as plentiful. But Mr. Bystrom also said that officials would continue to bolster security. Patrik Derk, the district director for   the northernmost of the boroughs that make up the municipality of Stockholm, said it would be a mistake to see proof of Mr. Trump’s claims in the unrest. “This type of problem exists in most countries, even in the U. S. A. ,” he said in a phone interview. “And we are managing these problems and will succeed with this. They’re complex problems. ” Mr. Derk was hired in late 2015 to “make Rinkeby a better place to grow up and live in,” as he put it. He previously helped turn around the Hovsjo district of Sodertalje, a city southwest of Stockholm that, like Rinkeby, has a large population of   immigrants. “We created jobs through building development initiatives and training unemployed youth,” he said, adding that the efforts involved collaboration with the police as well as economic investments. “And that’s what we are trying to do here, create a condition for the residents to live a good life in the area. ” Mr. Derk acknowledged that Rinkeby had significant problems: “It is one of the more troubled areas in terms of school results, tight quarters, unemployment. ” Benjamin Dousa, 24, an appointed member of a local board in Rinkeby that distributes public money for schools, social services, parks and recreation, and elder care, wrote in an opinion essay that Mr. Trump’s critique had some merit. “A battered journalist, stones thrown at the police and stores that are being plundered, unfortunately, are not unusual occurrences where I live,” Mr. Dousa, whose father was a Turkish immigrant to Sweden, wrote in the essay, published in the newspaper Expressen. “I hear the police helicopter every other day. ” He said that in the neighborhood, “this type of criminality has become part of everyday life. ” The prime minister, Stefan Lofven, has said that complaints that migrants are driving a crime surge are exaggerations. Mr. Trump’s critique was made in response to a Fox News interview with Ami Horowitz, an American filmmaker who argues that migrants in Sweden have fed a rise in violent crime.   news media like Breitbart and Infowars have also pointed repeatedly to Sweden as a case study of the failure of immigrants to assimilate. Mr. Dousa said in a phone interview that he was familiar with the     news reports. “Of course, some of them are fake, but the situation in Rinkeby is not good,” he said. “The police don’t have control over the area. That’s not fake news. ” Mr. Horowitz has not responded to requests for an interview about his videos, which Swedish officials say contain errors and distortions. But Mr. Dousa said he was sympathetic to Mr. Horowitz’s argument that Swedish elites are unwilling to talk about the problems associated with migration. “If you said you had a problem with integration in Sweden, you would be called a racist,” he said, adding that the situation has been changing: “The debate has opened up. ” Questions about migration policy are being raised not only by the Sweden Democrats, a   party, but also by   parties, he said. Asked about Mr. Dousa’s characterization of the problem, Mr. Derk said he agreed that more police officers were needed and that many young men in the community had criminal backgrounds. But, he said, officials should “address the underlying problem of unemployment and cramped living conditions. ” He added: “We need to develop relationships on the spot with the residents. We need to motivate people to leave criminality by creating work. ”",0
16134,"Что посеешь, то и пожнёшь!","Что посеешь, то и пожнёшь! 29 октября 2016 
«Пусть это будет незнатный человек, а вдруг он сумеет хорошо управлять страной?». х/ф «Тень», СССР, 1971 год. Россия припомнит США отказ в доступе наблюдателей на президентские выборы. И весьма скоро! В отечественном МИД пообещали вспомнить эту ситуацию, когда американская сторона изъявит желание понаблюдать за голосованием в России. 
Возня за президентское кресло – именно возня, глухая, несмотря на всю её кажущуюся публичность, дурно пахнущая, и не важно, в какой стране эта сопящая возня происходит, – сегодня сводится исключительно к поиску разного рода сальностей с прямым или косвенным участием кандидатов. 
Да разве не всё ли равно, кого тискал в детском саду или девятом классе средней школы нынешний кандидат в президенты, или с кем миловалась кандидатша на третьем курсе университета? По-моему, гораздо важнее, умеют ли они, смогут ли и как смогут управлять страной?! 
И если я увижу, что кандидат способен ширить права и свободы граждан, растить уровень благосостояния населения, по-настоящему сделать так, чтобы можно было гордиться своей Родиной, то мне абсолютно наплевать, кого он щипал или щупал, будучи ответственным лицом рангом пониже, или даже совершенно безответственным лицом в далёкой-предалёкой юности. И в этом отношении – что Америка, что Россия, что Гондурас – всё едино, всё равно. 
Потоки нечистот, выливаемые противниками друг на друга, тщательное выискивание сомнительных телодвижений кандидатов когда-то там, где-то там, с кем-то там совсем не обещают правильного выбора с точки зрения способности незапятнанного деятеля грамотно и правильно управлять государством. Подчеркну – грамотно и правильно для граждан этого государства. Для себя-то, и ни капельки в этом не сомневаюсь, они по-любому будут управлять грамотно и правильно. Помните Попандопуло из «Свадьбы в Малиновке»: «Это мне, это опять мне, это снова мне, это всегда мне…» 
Приходится признать, что в этом отношении в далёком уже СССР кухарки справлялись со столь сложной задачей много лучше нынешних российских законодателей и законобрателей. 
Должен ещё заметить, что подозрительная стерильность кандидата ещё и наводит на мысль о безупречной работе министерства правды – всё подчищено, подправлено, фотографии отретушированы, газеты, журналы и книжки переписаны и изданы заново. В таком случае цена громких обещаний – ломаного грошика не стоит. И мы-то уж который год убеждаемся в этом, но, одурманенные липкой патокой пропаганды министерств правды и любви, продолжаем наступать на одни и те же грабельки. 
Ну вот, например, шикарная новость. Буквально фантастична, феерична она своим вопиющим идиотизмом: 
Депутатша Государственной Думы Российской Федерации Наталья Поклонская прокомментировала решение суда по делу о высоковзлетевших сынулях, которые устроили опаснейшие для окружающих гонки с полицейскими в Москве. 
На просторах и в глубинах всемирной паутины можно во всех подробностях наблюдать эти догонялки по ночной Москве. За такие выкрутасы, на мой скромный взгляд, надо отрубать руки, чтобы эти существа больше не смогли сесть за руль, отрубать, невзирая на посты и ранги их самих, их родителей, бабушек, дедушек и прочих дядьёв. Я в этом абсолютно твёрдо убеждён! 
Стыдливое возмущение депутатши в высшей степени преступно – она, получается, сочувствует преступникам, то есть, соучаствует в преступлении. Со всеми долженствующими вытекать отсюда… 
«Я в корне не согласна с приговором суда, – цитирует бывшего прокурора Крыма одна из слишком преданных власти телекомпаний, – при этом Поклонская добавила, что была возмущена поведением молодых людей». 
« То были уроки здоровой морали и правила прямого ума». (Ж. Ж. Руссо «Исповедь».) О какой здоровой морали и прямом уме может идти речь? Таковы так называемые избранники народа у нашего народа. 
Что мы сеем регулярно, сначала раз в четыре года, а теперь уже и в пять, в единый российский праздник «Холуин», то и жнём, колемся, плачем, но жнём, чтобы ещё через четыре года посеять то же самое… И снова колемся, плачем, но жнём и опять сеем… 
А в следующий раз я расскажу вам об одном весьма колоритном персонаже российской политической сцены.",0
16135,"Bipartisan Senate Group Proposes ‘No Fly, No Buy’ Gun Measure - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Signaling a possible breakthrough in the long stalemate in Congress over tightening the nation’s gun laws, a bipartisan group of senators called on Tuesday for banning gun sales to terrorism suspects on the government’s “ ” list. The proposed measure, while modest, puts new muscle and momentum behind what would be one of the few restrictions placed on gun ownership in the past 20 years. The push for the compromise bill, led by Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, and Senator Heidi Heitkamp, Democrat of North Dakota, came a day after the Senate refused to advance any of four measures intended to make it harder for suspected terrorists to buy guns. Ms. Collins and the lawmakers who joined her, including Senator Tim Kaine, Democrat of Virginia, who is frequently mentioned as a potential running mate for Hillary Clinton, voiced deepening exasperation over the failure of Congress to take any action to prevent shootings like the massacre this month in Orlando, Fla. “Surely the terrorist attacks in San Bernardino and Orlando that took so many lives are a call for compromise, a plea for bipartisan action,” Ms. Collins said at a news conference. “Essentially, we believe if you are too dangerous to fly on an airplane, you are too dangerous to buy a gun,” she added. The Collins proposal is tailored narrowly to prohibit gun sales to suspected terrorists who appear on the government’s “ ” list or its “selectee” list, which requires more rigorous security checks before a person is allowed to board an airplane. Those lists, containing a total of about 109, 000 people, of whom just 2, 700 are American citizens, are far smaller than the federal terrorist screening database, which includes about one million names and was the focus of a proposal sponsored by Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, one of the four measures defeated on Monday. Ms. Collins’s measure would bar gun sales to anyone on the two lists, but would allow for an appeal by any citizen or green card holder blocked from making a purchase and it would award lawyer’s fees if the appeal is successful. The bill would also require notification of federal and local law enforcement agencies if anyone who had been on the lists in the previous five years seeks to buy a weapon  —   a provision intended to address the situation in Orlando, in which the gunman, Omar Mateen, had been on placed such lists but removed before he bought his weapons. In addition, the bill would give the federal authorities the flexibility to allow a gun purchase by someone on one of the lists if needed to safeguard a continuing investigation. While leaders in each party expressed pointed misgivings about the proposal, the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, indicated that it would be likely to get a vote as an amendment to the Commerce, Justice, Science appropriations bill that is being debated on the Senate floor. “I’m going to be working to make sure she gets a vote on that proposal,” Mr. McConnell said. To overcome procedural hurdles and win approval, the measure would need the support of 60 senators, and it was not immediately clear that enough Republicans would back it. Just three of the 54 Senate Republicans  —   Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, Jeff Flake of Arizona, and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina  —   attended the news conference with Ms. Collins, well short of the 16 votes needed even if the entire Democratic conference voted in favor, which was also not assured. Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the No. 2 Republican and author of another of the proposals that was voted down on Monday afternoon, said he was apprehensive about the provision in the Collins proposal because it permitted an appeal only after a gun sale is prohibited. Mr. Cornyn said: “I think it’s a slippery slope when an American citizen is denied a constitutional right without forcing the government to come forward with some evidence on the front end, as opposed to leaving that on the back end. But we’ll see how the vote comes out. ” Senator Chuck Schumer of New York said that there were numerous flaws in the Collins proposal, but Democrats ultimately were willing to consider the measure, noting that it would represent a breakthrough if adopted, given the   opposition of the National Rifle Association. “It’ll be the first time that in a bipartisan way, with significant Republican support, the N. R. A. is told, ‘You’re way ’” Mr. Schumer said. Supporters of the Collins measure said they believed it was written strategically to avoid becoming ensnared in that old tug of war, by focusing on a simple goal: “no fly, no buy. ” Mr. Kaine, at one point pounding the wooden lectern in front of him, said: “I am sick of the shootings. I am sick of the vigils. I am sick of the homicide victims’ support groups. I am sick of the claims that we’ll do something about it. I am sick of the partisan rhetoric and I am really sick of getting to the end of all of it and not doing something about it, and seeing that happen again and again and again and again. ”",0
16136,"Corey Lewandowski, Ex-Campaign Manager for Donald Trump, Joins CNN - The New York Times","Corey Lewandowski, the former campaign manager for Donald J. Trump, is joining CNN as a political commentator, effective immediately, a spokeswoman for the network said Thursday. Mr. Lewandowski was fired by the Trump campaign on Monday after increasing concerns from allies and donors, as well as Mr. Trump’s children, over whether he could handle a national campaign against Hillary Clinton’s   operation. Mr. Lewandowski’s contract will make him exclusive to CNN, meaning he won’t be able to appear on other networks. CNN currently has another Trump surrogate, Jeffrey Lord, as a frequent guest. The Lewandowski hiring was first reported by Politico. Cable news networks have long turned to former campaign operatives to provide commentary. But Mr. Lewandowski’s hiring is fraught: He was charged with battery for grabbing a reporter at a Trump campaign event in March he is known for sometimes combative interactions with the news media and his rise and fall at the Trump campaign made him a singularly polarizing figure. Prosecutors later dropped the battery charge against Mr. Lewandowski, ending the case. But security video taken at a   property in Jupiter, Fla. clearly showed him grabbing Michelle Fields, then a reporter for Breitbart News, despite his claims that she was “delusional” for suggesting that he had laid a hand on her. After that incident, several conservative commentators from various networks, including CNN’s S. E. Cupp and Mary Katharine Ham, wrote a letter to Mr. Trump urging the campaign to fire Mr. Lewandowski. Within hours of being fired by the Trump campaign on Monday, Mr. Lewandowski gave his first extended sit down interview with CNN’s Dana Bash, speaking live for nearly a   about his firing and his experience with the campaign during the nominating contest. (He had given an   interview to MSNBC’s Ali Vitali outside his apartment before making his way to CNN). In his interview with Ms. Bash, Mr. Lewandowski repeatedly reaffirmed his commitment to Mr. Trump, saying he would do “everything I can to make sure” Mr. Trump was elected president. “If I can do that from inside the campaign, that’s a privilege,” he said. “If I can do that from outside the campaign, that’s also a privilege. ” Mr. Lewandowski did not immediately respond to requests for comment on Thursday. Viewers hoping for inside dish on the Trump campaign from its former manager are likely to be left disappointed Mr. Trump requires employees to sign nondisclosure agreements that are binding during the campaign “and at all times thereafter,” according to The Associated Press. Mr. Lewandowski’s first appearance, as of now, is scheduled for Monday on “New Day. ” An NBC spokesman said that Mr. Lewandowski met on Monday with MSNBC executives to discuss a possible contributor contract, and that the network declined to make an offer.",0
16137,Vice President-Elect Pence to Take Over Trump Transition Effort - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Vice   Mike Pence will take over as the leader of Donald J. Trump’s transition effort, pushing aside Chris Christie, the governor of New Jersey, as Mr. Trump moves quickly to assemble a government after his stunning upset victory, the transition team said on Friday. The reorganization puts the urgent task of selecting cabinet officials and key West Wing posts in the hands of Mr. Pence, whose loyalty to Mr. Trump and deep contacts with the Republican establishment on Capitol Hill are seen as critical to navigating the often politically treacherous transition period. But in shuffling those responsible for shaping his administration, Mr. Trump is also keeping close the inner circle of campaign advisers who are deeply skeptical of Washington and who helped design an outsider campaign built on angry and often divisive rhetoric. Stephen K. Bannon, the conservative provocateur and chairman of the Breitbart News website, will be a top transition adviser. Three of Mr. Trump’s adult children and his    who were among his closest campaign advisers, will join a   advisory committee to help guide his choices. Rick Dearborn, the chief of staff to Senator Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama and a fierce advocate for Mr. Trump, will move from the campaign’s Washington office to help direct the transition operations. Mr. Christie will become a vice chairman of the transition effort, the campaign said. The new inner circle at the transition offices will direct the activities of dozens of corporate consultants, lobbyists and other specialists who will be responsible for recommending candidates for agency jobs across the breadth of the federal government. Some of those advisers come from industries for which they are now in charge of finding top regulators. “The mission of our team will be clear: put together the most highly qualified group of successful leaders who will be able to implement our change agenda in Washington,” the transition team announced Friday afternoon. The surprise moves will sideline Mr. Christie, who had been in charge of the transition for several months. After Mr. Christie dropped out of the Republican primary race, he became a staunch supporter of Mr. Trump. But his standing has fallen recently as two former aides were convicted in the scandal involving the closing of access lanes at the George Washington Bridge in 2013. In a statement, Mr. Christie said that he is “proud to have run the   phase of the transition team” and said that he looks forward to working with Mr. Pence. “I want to thank   Trump for the opportunity to continue to help lead in this next phase,” Mr. Christie wrote. Two people familiar with the reorganization discussion said Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s    had wanted to marginalize Mr. Christie, who had come to recognize that he was not in the running to serve as a top adviser in Mr. Trump’s White House. It was unclear whether concerns about his ability to be confirmed might prevent him from being offered a cabinet post. The changes will also push aside Richard H. Bagger, a former top aide to Mr. Christie who had been working on the transition. The transition team said Mr. Bagger will “return to the private sector” but will remain an adviser. Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York, and Michael T. Flynn, a retired lieutenant general who has been a top campaign supporter, will also serve as vice chairmen of the transition, the transition team said Friday afternoon. The   advisory committee is made up of four women and 12 men. It will include several members of Congress Rebekah Mercer, a top Republican donor Reince Priebus, the chairman of the Republican National Committee Peter Thiel, a founder of PayPal Attorney General Pam Bondi of Florida Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs executive and Anthony Scaramucci, a   manager and Trump supporter. Mr. Bannon will also serve on the committee. A political committee supporting Ms. Bondi received a $25, 000 donation from the Trump Foundation, raising questions because it was around the time her office was reviewing allegations against Mr. Trump’s   education programs. “This team of experienced leaders will form the building blocks of our presidential transition team staff leadership roster, and will work with elected officials and tireless volunteers to prepare our government for the transfer of power on Jan. 20,” Mr. Pence said in a statement. There are some indications that the transition effort was slow to start, perhaps the result of Mr. Trump’s upset victory, which caught much of the political world by surprise. At least a few of the people helping organize the search for Mr. Trump were tapped at the last minute, while others have been preparing quietly for weeks. At the Pentagon and the State Department, officials of the Obama administration said on Thursday that they had not yet heard from Mr. Trump’s transition team about beginning the complex work of transferring responsibilities and authority. A spokesman for the State Department said he did not have “any firm word” on when briefings might begin for designated officials from the new government. Several people briefed on the transition process described it as somewhat chaotic after Mr. Trump’s surprise victory on Tuesday. His campaign was led by four leadership teams over 18 months, and most of those people were back in view on Thursday, including Corey Lewandowski, the campaign’s first manager. Mr. Lewandowski is said to have told people he would prefer a White House senior adviser role, although he has also been mentioned as a possible Republican National Committee chairman. Mr. Lewandowski resigned on Friday from his role as a CNN political commentator. One thing is clear already: those helping Mr. Trump make the decisions are the members of his campaign’s inner circle. On Friday morning at Trump Tower in Manhattan, the  ’s closest aides arrived, one by one, waving to the press corps as they entered the elevators. Trump Tower, the  ’s residence, has been transformed into a kind of fortress by the Secret Service and the New York police. The building has been ringed by Jersey barriers and concrete blocks marked with “NYPD. ” The Secret Service has set up checkpoints on each end of 56th Street near the tower, and pedestrian access has been restricted around the building. With just about 70 days left before the inauguration, Mr. Trump’s administration is largely being assembled behind the scenes. But like much else in the nation’s capital, little stays secret for long. The list of names being mentioned as possibilities for crucial posts in Mr. Trump’s cabinet is growing by the hour, giving official Washington what it craves most: a   parlor game as speculation grows about who might actually get a nod. The latest to be swept into the speculation is Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, who was mentioned as a possible candidate for secretary of the Treasury by CNBC. Officials with the Trump transition team said they reached out informally to Mr. Dimon, who was clear he did not want the post. Aides to Mr. Trump have declined to confirm who is on the short list for cabinet posts. And despite the  ’s return to Twitter on Thursday night, he has so far said nothing specific about his possible picks. The critical position of chief of staff  —   the gatekeeper for the president inside the West Wing  —   is expected to come down to a choice between Mr. Bannon and Mr. Priebus. The two men spent more than an hour in a meeting on Friday at Trump Tower. Mr. Giuliani told CNN on Thursday that he might accept an appointment as attorney general, saying that “there’s probably nobody that knows the Justice Department better than me. ” Mr. Mnuchin, who served as Mr. Trump’s campaign finance chairman, is said to be a serious contender for Treasury secretary (though Carl Icahn, the investor, and Representative Jeb Hensarling, Republican of Texas, have also been mentioned in the news media).",0
16138,‘The New Edition Story’: A Loving Tribute to a Talented but Tormented Group - The New York Times,"Of all forms of homage, attention to detail is perhaps the most loving. It requires not just knowledge and dedication, but also thoughtfulness. It prizes accuracy both out of respect to the historical record, but also to those who wrote it. It celebrates the vision of the original creators more than the disruptive instincts of reinterpreters. By that measurement, “The New Edition Story,” a vibrant, fiercely committed     that begins Tuesday on BET, is overflowing with love  —   a jubilant celebration of a group that was preternaturally talented and rivetingly tortured. Few groups in modern black pop are as deserving of this treatment as New Edition, which transported the elegance of the male vocal groups of the 1970s into the first wave of RB’s dance with   in the late 1980s. The act released four essential albums, a couple more good ones, and spun off careers for all its members  —   solo work by Bobby Brown, Johnny Gill and Ralph Tresvant, and a group, Bell Biv DeVoe, made up of the others. None of this happened without conflict. New Edition, which hailed largely from the Orchard Park projects in the Roxbury section of Boston, was a black act that was chided by its label for not being mainstream enough. The members squabbled with executives, management and among themselves. This was in many ways the archetype of the modern boy band  —   so much so that when New Edition left Maurice Starr, who produced the group’s early songs, he created New Kids on the Block, essentially a white copy. For all of its musical influence, the group is probably best known for its internal dramas, its contractual nightmares and for the troubled adulthood of Mr. Brown. “The New Edition Story” isn’t hagiography. Friction was integral to the group’s mystique, but the show spends a good deal of time on its earliest days as preteens trying to forge a style. (For this part of the series, the members are played by younger actors. Tyler Williams as Mr. Brown and Jahi Winston as Mr. Tresvant are particularly dynamic). New Edition’s ascent was rapid: “Candy Girl,” the group’s 1983 debut single, went to No. 1 on the Billboard hot black singles chart, and the group had successful hits until the end of the decade. But in this   that stretch of time is depicted as one of turmoil and dissatisfaction. Mr. Tresvant (Algee Smith, tender and limber) carries the disproportionate burdens of the lead singer, earning acclaim and resentment. And of course, there’s Mr. Brown (a combustible Woody McClain) who’s perpetually at war: with the other group members, with management, with law enforcement and, of course, with himself. “The New Edition Story” depicts a group of young men consistently slipping through the fingers of authority figures. That means their mothers (Sandi McCree as Carole Brown and Yvette Nicole Brown as Shirley Bivins are especially intense) their manager and choreographer Brooke Payne, played by Wood Harris, who conveys a   swagger with the tiniest cock of the head or extinguishing of a cigarette and their manager (in this case Gary Evans, a fictional   for the group’s manager in its late 1980s pop heyday) played by a manic Michael Rapaport. “The New Edition Story” is, by far, the best of the recent spate of black pop biopics, miles beyond the shoestring Lifetime entries about Toni Braxton and Aaliyah, films that have contributed to an air of lowered expectations for projects of this nature. Instead, “The New Edition Story”  —   written by Abdul Williams and directed by Chris Robinson  —   is more in keeping with the excellent “Unsung”   about black musicians on TV One. It tells the group’s story, warts and all. (But not all the warts: Many of the details of Mr. Brown’s tumult have been left aside, and certain incidents, such as the      quarrels with the RB group Guy that led to the shooting death of that group’s head of security, didn’t make the cut.) It undoubtedly helps the   that the whole group  —   the original members Mr. Brown, Michael Bivins, Mr. Tresvant, Ricky Bell and Ronnie DeVoe, as well as Mr. Gill, who joined after Mr. Brown’s departure  —   signed on as  . While that might mean some light sugarcoating, it also results in a historical narrative told with impressive detai l, particularly in regards to wardrobe and production design (kudos to the costume designer Rita McGhee). Album covers, dance routines and video shoots are remade down to the tiniest details (the remade videos for “If It Isn’t Love” and Mr. Brown’s “Every Little Step” are impressive). The clothing is a virtuosic symphony of sequined suits, flowing synthetic fabrics, graffitied overalls. And then there’s the music: “The New Edition Story” relies on effective rerecorded versions of the group’s many hits, sung by the actors (and mixed in places with original master recordings.) The music itself is handled by the duos of Babyface and Antonio Dixon, and Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, who’ve rebuilt the New Edition sound (much of which they originally created) with rigor and affection. Approval and faithfulness have limits, though. The group’s founding is streamlined, and some   slang slips into   scenes. Comparatively little time is spent on the group members’ solo efforts, especially given that so much of the final installment focuses on the members’ reconciliation in the   a reassurance that everyone ended up on the same page, putting their individual and collective troubles behind them. (The N. W. A biopic “Straight Outta Compton” took a similar, though more maudlin approach.) Here, some liberties have been taken with the timeline, placing an impromptu reunion at Mr. DeVoe’s wedding, in 2006, before the group’s participation at a BET 25th anniversary show, in 2005, so that the   can effectively end with a   performance and a BET infomercial. This is slick positioning and salesmanship, but also disingenuous. New Edition has been as fascinating for its valleys as its peaks. For this group, the most fitting tribute is always the truth.",0
16139,NY Times: Trump’s Deportation Efforts ’Not So Unusual’,"President Donald Trump’s deportation of hundreds of criminal illegal immigrants during his first month in office is “no so unusual,” according to The New York Times. [In analysis by the New York Times, Trump’s deportation effort to prioritize the removal of criminal illegal immigrants by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency shows that the enforcement actions are “not unprecedented”:  Last week, United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials arrested more than 680 people in at least 12 states, shown below, stoking fears that the Trump administration is increasing the arrests and deportations of undocumented immigrants. But a comparison of last week’s arrests and similar ones during the first four years of the Obama presidency show that the recent level of enforcement activity is not unprecedented. It is unclear, however, if the numbers are an actual increase in enforcement, because information on operations in only 12 states was disclosed. The New York Times analysis then described how Trump’s deportation efforts are on par with Obama’s, citing that the Obama administration “arrested an average of 675 immigrants a week in   ‘community arrests’. ” In Obama’s first term in office, the analysis notes that ICE agents arrested over 35, 000 illegal immigrants, more arrests than any year in the previous four years of former President George W. Bush: The weekly average of such arrests made by Immigration and Customs Enforcement fugitive teams under President Obama rose to 771 in 2011 and declined slightly to 719 the next year. Data after 2012 are not readily available, but in more recent years, the number of ICE apprehensions and removals decreased overall, especially after the Obama administration began to focus on convicted criminals. In Mr. Obama’s two terms in office, there were at least six known operations in which more than 500 people were arrested, according to an analysis by The New York Times. Opponents of Trump’s plans, though, told the New York Times that the difference between Obama’s deportation efforts and the current model, is that Trump uses a “broader definition” when referring to criminal illegal immigrants. The Obama administration was careful to say that only people who had very serious charges or were recent arrivals were priorities for enforcement, but now, everyone is a priority, Mr. Capps said. Under Obama, nearly 90 percent of the illegal immigrants deported by ICE were convicted criminals. Trump, on the other hand, takes into consideration illegal immigrants who have committed serious crimes, misdemeanors and those who have simply crossed the border. Some 75 percent of the 680 illegal immigrants arrested by ICE last week were convicted of crimes. The raids also included those who had illegally   the U. S. and who had been ordered for removal. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
16140,"Suspect Dressed in Black Allegedly Kicks in Marine Veteran’s Door, Does Not Live to Tell","A suspect dressed in black allegedly kicked in a Marine veteran’s door just after 3 a. m. Thursday in Salt Lake City and was shot dead in the living room. [According to the Salt Lake Tribune,  the deceased suspect,    Puleaga Danny Tupu, was one of two men who allegedly forced their way into the apartment. Resident and Marine veteran Brian Sant was awake at the time, as he had just arrived home from working the third shift and was sitting in his living room.  Sant fought with the men until his    son emerged from a back room and shot both suspects. Tupu died at the scene, and the second suspect was taken to the hospital in critical condition. KSL reports that the surviving suspect “was shot multiple times. ” Sant did not know why the men targeted his apartment, but he said they made a mistake by doing it: “You got veterans living around in these apartments. You don’t know who’s got a gun. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
16141,RT: Russia Just Tested a Nuclear-Capable Warhead That Can Outsmart US Anti-Missile Systems,"Editor’s Note : Meanwhile, in countries that aren’t being distracted by the biggest bread and circuses election show you’ve ever seen…

Russian strategic missile troops reportedly launched an RS-18 ballistic missile on Tuesday. The launch may have been a test of the advanced hypersonic glider warhead, which would be able to defeat US anti-missile systems.
The test was conducted at midday from a site near the town of Yasny, Orenburg region, in the southern Urals, and the warhead reached the Kura test range in Kamchatka in Russia’s Far East.
“The test was a success. The warhead was delivered to Kura field,” the Defense Ministry reported.
Popular defense blog MilitaryRussia.ru says the launch was meant to test Russia’s hypersonic glider warhead, currently known by its developer designation, ‘object 4202’, or Aeroballistic Hypersonic Warhead.
A select few countries are currently developing the technology. The US has the HTV-2, a device developed by DARPA that has two partially successful tests under its belt. The Chinese warhead using the same technology is called DF-ZF, with Beijing first confirming a test in 2014. India is also studying hypersonic flight technology, but unlike Russia, the US and China, it is reportedly not developing a strategic missile warhead.
A hypersonic glider vehicle (HGV) is different from a conventional ballistic missile warhead in that it travels most of the time in the stratosphere rather than in space. It gives an HGV-tipped missile greater range and may give anti-missile systems a shorter window to respond to an attack.
More importantly, an HGV can maneuver during the approach to a target at high speed, making interception significantly harder, because it makes guiding an interceptor missile towards the attacking vehicle challenging and potentially impossible with current rocket technology.
Object 4202 is reportedly meant to be used with Russia’s next-gen heavy strategic missile the RS-28 Sarmat. Military experts estimate that the new ICBM, an image of which was first made public this week, may carry up to three HGVs as payload.
A previous possible test of object 4202 was reported in April. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by RT.com of RT.com . ",0
16142,News: Election Night Disaster: John King Tapped His Electoral College Map Too Hard And Fell Headfirst Into A Digital Hellscape,"Email 
With millions of eyes watching CNN for election results tonight, the network really couldn’t afford any high-profile screwups. But unfortunately, that’s exactly what they got when John King tapped his touchscreen electoral map too hard and plunged himself straight into a digital hellscape from which there seems to be no escape. 
Ouch. That’s some major egg on CNN’s face! 
The night appeared to be going smoothly in the network’s Washington studio, until King tried to zoom in on a breakdown map of crucial Ohio swing districts. When the map seemed to freeze up, a frustrated King tapped the Magic Wall with enough force that his whole arm plunged through the suddenly fluid surface of the screen. Before Wolf Blitzer or Anderson Cooper could step in, he had been fully engulfed in a vast virtual expanse of colorful, swirling data. 
With millions of Americans tuning in to watch the results of this historic election, CNN has been forced to press on even as they try to free John King from the computerized map. A noticeably emotional Wolf Blitzer mouthed the words “I’m sorry” to his imprisoned colleague before tapping the board to call up a gender breakdown of likely Oregon voters, the bar graph of which animated right into John King’s spine, launching nearly all the way to the mid-Atlantic states. If CNN producers thought that they had stabilized the situation by urging King to take refuge in the bottom corner of the screen, it did not take long for them to realize how wrong they were. When Connecticut was called for Hillary Clinton, the trapped John King was also turned entirely blue and let loose a horrible scream as if he were being burned alive. This level of panic was matched moments later when King tried to fend off a ravenous piece of malware with just his loafer, only for the shoe to shatter into pixels that the code devoured. 
Yikes. CNN will be wondering for a while how this all went so wrong, and on their biggest night, too. 
With plenty of states left to declare tonight, there’s still time for King to be rescued from the computerized nightmare. But with uploading a JPEG of a ladder for him to climb up and trying to shepherd him onto a thumb drive having already failed to return King to the studio, CNN may be running out of options. 
No matter how this shakes out, it’s clear CNN has a MAJOR technology fail on their hands. Then again, this is just what happens when anchors play with tech toys without reading the instructions. Well, better luck in 2020, guys.",0
16143,Fake News: WikiLeaks Threatens to Sue CNN over Analyst Calling Assange a Pedophile - Breitbart,"WikiLeaks threatened to sue CNN for defamation after the network aired a clip of CNN counterterrorism analyst Phil Mudd accusing WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange of being a pedophile. [Tweeting from the official WikiLeaks Task Force account  —   a support account for the organisation  —   a tweet reads, “CNN airs    of the CIA falsely calling Assange a ‘pedophile. ’”   CNN airs    of the CIA falsely calling Assange a ’pedophile’ https:  .   The plot: https:  .   —   WikiLeaks Task Force (@WLTaskForce) January 4, 2017,  The clip attached to the tweet shows Phil Mudd on CNN’s New Day program discussing the recent Fox News interview with Julian Assange. Mudd accuses Fox News’ Sean Hannity of “skirting the bottom line” in relation to questions about Russian interference in the US election, despite Assange openly stating that WikiLeaks’ source of DNC documents was in no way related to Russia. Mudd further stated that he thought there was an “effort by WikiLeaks to protect a pedophile that lives in the Ecuadorian embassy in London,” and further claimed that Julian Assange was “not credible. ” In response to this, the official WikiLeaks Twitter account has retweeted the Task Force tweet with the added quote, “We have issued instructions to sue CNN for defamation,” clarifying, “Unless within 48h they air a one hour expose of the plot. ” We have issued instructions to sue CNN for defamation:https:  .  Unless within 48h they air a one hour expose of the plot.  —   WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) January 4, 2017,  CNN’s New Day twitter account has since deleted the tweet WikiLeaks Task Force cited and appears to have removed the segment of the video in which Mudd called Assange a pedophile from the story the tweet originally linked to. It also tweeted out a statement saying CNN had “no evidence” to support the accusation that Assange is a pedophile. We’ve deleted a tweet that included a video clip from New Day earlier this morning. Here’s our statement: pic. twitter.   —   New Day (@NewDay) January 4, 2017,  Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Tech covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
16144,Day After Tomorrow climate scenario: Scientists think global warming causes cold weather,"Thu, 27 Oct 2016 14:52 UTC From the University of Sheffield and ""The Day After Tomorrow"" department comes this climate disaster movie plot wherein global warming, er, climate change, cause the polar jet stream to go wacky and freeze us extra good in winter. Really. No mention of what caused similar weather during the "" Little Ice Age "" between roughly AD 1300 and 1850 , except that they are sure they've ruled out ""natural variation"" now. The movie plot from IMDB : As Paleoclimatologist named Jack Hall is in Antartica, he discovers that a huge ice sheet has sheared off. But what he does not know is that this event will trigger a massive climate shift that will affect the world population. Meanwhile, his son Sam is with friends in New York to attend an event. There they discover that it has been raining non-stop for the past 3 days, and after a series of weather-related disasters begin to occur over the world, everybody realizes the world is entering a new Ice Age and the world population begins trying to evacuate to the warmer climates of the south. Jack makes a daring attempt to rescue his son and his friends who are stuck in New York and who have managed to survive not only a massive wave but also freezing cold temperatures that could possibly kill them. The paper press release via Eurekalert, they even have a scientist named ""Hall"": Extreme cold winters fueled by jet stream and climate change: Scientists agree for first time that climate change may be intensifying the effects of the jet stream , causing extreme cold weather in the UK and US Study could improve long-term forecasting of winter weather in most populous parts of the world More accurate forecasting could help communities, businesses and economies prepare for severe weather and make life and cost-saving decisions Scientists have agreed for the first time that recent severe cold winter weather in the UK and US may have been influenced by climate change in the Arctic, according to a new study. The research, carried out by an international team of scientists including the University of Sheffield, has found that warming in the Arctic may be intensifying the effects of the jet stream's position, which in the winter can cause extreme cold weather , such as the winter of 2014/15 which saw record snowfall levels in New York. Scientists previously had two schools of thought. One group believe that natural variability in the jet stream's position has caused the recent severe cold winter weather seen in places such as the Eastern United States and the UK. The other camp includes scientists who are finding possible connections between the warming of the Arctic - such as melting sea ice, warming air temperatures, and rising sea surface temperatures - and the emerging pattern of severe cold winter weather. Now, Professor Edward Hanna and Dr Richard Hall from the University's Department of Geography, together with Professor. James E. Overland from the US Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), have brought together a diverse group of researchers from both sides of the debate. The researchers have found that the recent pattern of cold winters is primarily caused by natural changes to the jet stream's position ; however, the warming of the Arctic appears to be exerting an influence on cold spells, but the location of these can vary from year to year. Previous studies have shown that when the jet stream is wavy there are more episodes of severe cold weather plunging south from the Arctic into the mid-latitudes, which persist for weeks at a time. But when the jet stream is flowing strongly from west to east and not very wavy, we tend to see more normal winter weather in countries within the mid-latitudes. ""We've always had years with wavy and not so wavy jet stream winds, but in the last one to two decades the warming Arctic could well have been amplifying the effects of the wavy patterns,"" Professor Hanna said. He added: ""This may have contributed to some recent extreme cold winter spells along the eastern seaboard of the United States, in eastern Asia, and at times over the UK (e.g. 2009/10 and 2010/11). ""Improving our ability to predict how climate change is affecting the jet stream will help to improve our long-term prediction of winter weather in some of the most highly populated regions of the world. ""This would be hugely beneficial for communities, businesses, and entire economies in the northern hemisphere. The public could better prepare for severe winter weather and have access to extra crucial information that could help make live-saving and cost-saving decisions."" The study, Nonlinear response of mid-latitude weather to the changing Arctic, is published today (26 October 2016) in the journal Nature Climate Change on 26 October 2016. The research was partly sponsored by the International Arctic Science Committee (IASC) and the Climate and Cryosphere (CliC) project of the World Climate Research Programme (WCRP). It further cements the University's position at the forefront of climate change research and gives geography students at Sheffield access to the latest innovations in environmental science. Comment: In other words, ""natural variations mostly account for the cold weather, but global warming causes cold weather""? Global warming stopped years ago, and is itself a natural variation over the long term. Humanity better face it: the global climate is self-regulating, and ice ages happen regularly. The Gulf Stream would probably be a better phenomenon to analyze in this regard: Fire and Ice: The Day After Tomorrow .",0
16145,Bangladeshi Troops Move to End Hostage Standoff - The New York Times,"DHAKA, Bangladesh  —   Bangladeshi Army troops moved in on Saturday to end an   standoff at a restaurant in Dhaka, the capital, after gunmen stormed into the building, detonated explosives and took at least 20 people hostage on Friday night. Gunfire and explosions could be heard as the soldiers, backed by armored vehicles, swept in to the restaurant in the city’s diplomatic district at 7:40 a. m. on Saturday. At least a dozen people were rescued, including several foreigners, the police said. Two police officers were killed in the initial standoff with the attackers, and 30 people were wounded, mostly from shrapnel, officials said. A police inspector said that at least five militants had been killed in the rescue operation. Details about other fatalities or injuries from the attack or the rescue operation were not immediately available. The Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack on Friday. “Islamic State commandos attack a restaurant frequented by foreigners in the city of Dhaka in Bangladesh,” reported Amaq, an information outlet linked to the Islamic State. Outside the restaurant, more than 200 people waited all night beyond the police cordon in the diplomatic enclave, dozens of them relatives and friends of the hostages. Some of them communicated by text message and social media with the hostages inside. Several kitchen employees who had locked themselves in a bathroom inside the restaurant, the Holey Artisan Bakery, posted a picture of themselves on Facebook, bare chested against the stifling heat. Soumir Roy, 28, one of the employees, messaged his brother, saying, “We are here so if possible break the wall of the bathroom and rescue us. ” But after the gunfire and blasts from the rescue operations ceased, the messages from Mr. Roy stopped, and his brother and sister sat on the roadside weeping as they awaited news of whether he had survived. Ambulances could be seen leaving the scene. Eight to 10 armed men entered the restaurant, where about 20 foreigners were dining, around 8:45 p. m. according to Sumon Reza, a kitchen worker who escaped and spoke to reporters. The attackers shouted “God is great” before opening fire and detonating several explosives, Mr. Reza said. He said the attackers were armed with pistols, swords and bombs. Amaq later reported, “More than 20 individuals of varying nationalities killed after a commando attack on the Artisan restaurant. ” There was no way to confirm that claim. Early on Saturday, the group posted photographs of what it said were the bodies of foreigners killed in the attack and claimed that it was holding hostages, Amaq said. The attack was the latest in a series of killings by Islamist extremists that have rocked Bangladesh, a   country, in recent months. The Islamic State is known to have claimed responsibility for 18 other attacks in the last year, most perpetrated against religious minorities, including Hindus, Buddhists and Christians. The increase in violence has raised fears that the   country is in the grip of a wave of fanaticism that the government refuses to acknowledge. Despite months of attacks and subsequent claims of responsibility by the Islamic State and Al Qaeda, the government  —   which recently concluded a crackdown on extremists in which 10, 000 people were arrested  —   maintains that neither terrorist group has a presence in the country. “The continuous denial of the presence of local militant group connections with international terror groups has not been helpful,” said Ali Riaz, a professor of political science at Illinois State University and an expert on South Asian politics. “What we’re witnessing can’t be small groups coming together. It is clearly a very coordinated attack. If this doesn’t convince them to come out of denial, then I don’t know what will. ” As gunfire and explosions rang out across the upscale Gulshan neighborhood on Friday, witnesses posted images on Twitter of paramilitary officers surrounding the Holey Artisan Bakery, which is popular with expatriates, diplomats and   families. Several foreigners worked at the restaurant, including an Italian who escaped and an Argentine, whose whereabouts is unknown, the local news media reported. Mr. Reza, the kitchen worker, said he and another employee were able to escape by jumping from the building’s second floor. “They blasted several crude bombs, causing   panic among everyone,” Mr. Reza told a Bangladeshi newspaper, The Daily Star. “I managed to flee during this confusion. ” The total number of hostages, including restaurant employees, was not known. Neither were the identities of the attackers. “We are requesting the ones who are inside the restaurant to talk to us, relay us your demands,” Benazir Ahmed, director general of the Rapid Action Battalion, the country’s counterterrorism force, said Friday, according to The Dhaka Tribune. During the standoff, police erected a cordon around the restaurant, where family members of those inside gathered to await information. Fazley Rahim Khan, a businessman, waited on the edge of the police line, barely able to see the restaurant. He said he believed that his son Tahmid Hasib Khan, 22, was being held hostage. Mr. Khan said his son, a student in Canada, had just returned home on Friday for Ramadan. The family celebrated the iftar, the evening meal breaking the Ramadan fast, and then the son headed to the restaurant. “I’m just praying to get back my son,” he said. At least two Sri Lankans were among the hostages, Hari Kesha Wijesekara, a former president of the Sri   Chamber of Commerce, and his wife, Shyama, according to the group’s current president, T. D. Packir. An Indian doctor, Sat Prakash, 43, who worked at a nearby clinic had been held hostage but escaped minutes before the army stormed the restaurant, said his friend Jahirul Islam Milton. Four diplomatic cars were parked outside the area all night. Foreign diplomats waiting to hear word of people inside refused to speak to reporters. The State Department advised Americans in the area to “shelter in place and monitor news. ” “The situation’s ongoing, obviously  —   too early for us to say who’s involved, motivation, any of that stuff,” said John Kirby, the State Department spokesman. Mr. Kirby said all Americans working for the United States Mission in Dhaka were safe, but officials were still trying to locate Bangladeshi employees.",0
16147,Chaos at Hoboken Station After Train ‘Flew Through the Air’ - The New York Times,"HOBOKEN, N. J.  —   New Jersey Transit train No. 1614 just did not stop. It did not stop at 8:45 a. m. when it was scheduled to halt at the train station here at the height of Thursday’s rush hour. It did not stop when it slammed into a concrete and metal barrier at the end of Track 5. And it did not stop as it roared across the concourse and through the station’s structural supports, leaving in its wake a mess of tangled metal and debris, at least one person dead, scores of injured, and a host of questions about what might have caused the fatal crash. In more than two decades working as a New Jersey Transit employee, Michael Larson said he had never seen anything like it  —   a train car weighing some 100, 000 pounds flying off the tracks into a busy station. “The first thing I heard was the explosion of it hitting the bumper block,” he said, describing how the train “flew through the air” and barreled along the concourse, causing part of the station’s roof to collapse on top of it before screeching to a halt. Mr. Larson had one word for the scene: “Horrifying. ” The front passenger car took the brunt of the damage, and most of the more than 100 people injured were in the train, officials said. But the person who was killed, Fabiola Bittar de Kroon, 34, was on the platform after the canopy of the roof collapsed. Many of those who emerged unscathed or only slightly wounded spoke of how one small thing  —   like the decision to get a cup of coffee or to walk a few steps faster to beat the crowd  —   had spared them serious injury. One woman said she could feel a gush of wind as the train crashed only yards away. A man spoke of how a beam from the ceiling collapsed only feet from where he stood. Tom Spina was in the terminal when he heard a “sort of a crackling noise, the lights flickered a little and then there was a loud crash. ” Mr. Spina walked toward the chaotic scene. “You saw folks bleeding from the head, limping folks were on the ground,” he said. “It was awful. ” As harrowing as the experience was for those on the platform, passengers inside the train described how the confusion and chaos were made all the more frightening when they were plunged into darkness at the moment of impact. A seemingly mundane morning commute suddenly turned to tragedy. No. 1614 had left Spring Valley, N. Y. at 7:23 a. m. a crowded train on the Pascack Valley line. Commuters said that nothing seemed out of the ordinary as they approached Hoboken Terminal. In fact, many said they did not suspect anything was wrong until the crash itself. Then, in the darkness, all they could hear at first were screams. Slowly, the scope of the devastation came into focus for those on board, with witnesses describing how people  —   some unconscious  —   were trapped in the debris, and others were staggering away from the scene, covered in dust and blood. Bhagyesh Shah, who was in the second car, is one of many commuters who prefer to be as close to the front of the train as possible so they can quickly exit and make their way to the PATH train into Manhattan. “We were thrown off our feet,” Mr. Shah told reporters. “The train just didn’t stop. It just kept going and going and going. ” Some people broke through emergency windows on the train to escape, while others scrambled out of doors that were pried open. At the same time, other commuters were rushing to the wreckage, joining with rescue workers in a frantic effort to help the most seriously wounded. Rick Ciappa, a safety inspector for New Jersey Transit, was going about his morning duties at the station when he heard the “deafening bang” of the crash. He ran toward the mangled train, where he saw dozens of dazed passengers, many of them bloodied or trapped. “I’ve never seen that kind of fear. It was awful,” said Mr. Ciappa, who helped passengers to safety. “Everyone was just completely stunned and terrified. ” Nassima Toumi, who is nine months pregnant, had stopped for coffee on her way to work as a personal trainer at Crunch when she heard the commotion from the terminal. She went looking for her husband, who was headed for the light rail, and saw him in tears. “My husband was there crying,” Ms. Toumi said. “He’s a big guy and not that emotional. ” Then she saw bodies strewn on the ground and shot some video with her phone. The video shows a woman lying on the ground, not breathing, with a leg split open. Ms. Toumi said she saw a man walking by “all covered with blood all over and his eye is gone. ” “It was very scary,” she added. For much of the morning, rescue workers struggled to extricate those who were trapped and to treat the injured. The streets outside the   station were quickly transformed into a sea of red and blue lights as ambulances and rescue vehicles converged on the scene. The most severely wounded were taken to the Jersey City Medical Center. To deal with the flood of patients, hospital officials there turned the cafeteria into a triage area, dealing with injuries from cuts and bruises to more serious lacerations and contusions. About a dozen of those injured remained in critical but stable condition on Thursday evening, hospital officials said. The cause of the crash remains under investigation, but officials said there was no immediate indication that it was anything other than accidental. Officials would say only that the train was traveling much too fast at the time of the crash. The engineer survived, officials said, and was treated at a hospital and released. He was said to be cooperating with investigators.",0
16148,NASA’s Juno Spacecraft Will Soon Be in Jupiter’s Grip - The New York Times,"After traveling for five years and nearly 1. 8 billion miles, NASA’s Juno spacecraft will announce its arrival at Jupiter with the simplest of radio signals: a   beep. NASA expects the beep, marking the end of a   engine burn to slow the spacecraft down and allow it to be captured by Jupiter’s gravity, to arrive at Earth at 11:53 p. m. Eastern time next Monday. “I can tell you when that completes, you’re going to see a lot of celebration,” said Rick Nybakken, Juno’s project manager, “because that means we’ll be in orbit around Jupiter, and that’ll be really cool. ” Juno’s mission is to explore the enigmas beneath the cloud tops of Jupiter. How far down does the Big Red Spot storm that has swirled for centuries extend? What is inside the solar system’s largest planet? “We still have questions, and Juno is poised to begin answering them,” Diane Brown, Juno’s program executive, said during a news conference this month. Juno will be the first craft to orbit Jupiter in more than a decade. NASA’s earlier robotic explorer, Galileo, spent eight years there and sent back astounding images of the planet and its many moons. It revealed features like a large ocean under the icy crust of the moon Europa, now considered one of the most promising places to look for life elsewhere in the solar system. This time, the focus will be on Jupiter itself, and in particular what cannot be seen beneath its colorful cloud stripes. “One of the primary goals of Juno is to learn the recipe for solar systems,” said Scott Bolton, a scientist at the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio who is the principal investigator for the $1. 1 billion mission. “How do you make the solar system? How do you make the planets in our solar system?” Jupiter is the titan among planets called the “gas giants,” with more than three times the mass of Saturn, the next largest. But it is far more than a bland ball of hydrogen and helium. What particularly piques scientists’ interest are the small amounts of heavier elements like lithium, carbon and nitrogen. “Jupiter is enriched with these elements compared to the sun,” Dr. Bolton said. “We don’t know exactly how that happened. But we know it’s really important. And the reason it’s important is the stuff that Jupiter has more of is what we’re all made out of. It’s what the Earth is made out of. It is what life comes from. ” On July 4, as the main engine on the spacecraft fires, in the control room at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif. there will be nothing to control, and all anyone there will be able to do is wait and watch. If anything goes wrong, there is no way for anyone to intercede. The radio signals take 48 minutes to travel from Jupiter to Earth. By the time engineers receive word the engine firing has begun, the engine should have already switched off, with the spacecraft in orbit. If the engine shuts off prematurely, Juno might still end up in orbit, albeit in the wrong orbit. If the engine fails, “we don’t end up in a very exciting spot,” Mr. Nybakken said. “We haven’t studied that too much in terms of where we end up, because we’re focused on success and not failure. ” In other words, Juno would zip right past Jupiter and end up in a useless orbit around the sun. Through the evening of July 4, mission control will receive only a series of radio “tones”  —     bursts at different frequencies  —   telling the sequence of operations the spacecraft is performing. To point the engine in the correct direction, the main antenna will not be pointed at Earth, preventing more detailed telemetry. The spacecraft will also not send back any photographs or data from the instruments, which will be shut down on Wednesday, five days before its arrival, and will not be turned back on until a couple of days after its arrival. (NASA is holding back a series of photographs taken during the approach that it plans to release as a movie on July 4.) Juno is to make a series of 37 highly elliptical orbits passing over Jupiter’s north and south poles over 20 months. At its farthest, it will be about two million miles from Jupiter. For each orbit, it will accelerate inward, reaching 128, 000 miles per hour, and pass within 3, 100 miles of Jupiter’s cloud tops. The slight fluctuations in Jupiter’s gravitational pull, measured by shifts in the frequency of Juno’s radio signals, will tell the density of the planet’s interior and whether there is a rocky core within, where pressures might reach half a billion pounds per square inch. “We don’t really know if there is a core in the middle of Jupiter,” Dr. Bolton said. “If there is, it tells you sort of when and how and a little bit of where Jupiter must have formed. ” Juno’s science instruments include one to measure Jupiter’s powerful magnetic fields and an infrared camera to observe the glowing auroras around the poles. At depth, increasing pressures transform hydrogen from a gas into a liquid. At even greater depths, the hydrogen issqueezed so tightly that the electrons squirt out, changing it into a metal. It is probably the churning of liquid metallic hydrogen that generates the magnetic fields. Juno also carries a camera for taking the usual kind of photographs, not as part of its prime science mission but as a way to attract public participation. Anyone can sign in to the Southwest Research Institute’s Mission Juno website and suggest where the camera should be pointed and then vote on the choices. “It’s really a public camera,” Dr. Bolton said. “They can engage in the debate of which things are most important to photograph. ” Also on board Juno are three Lego custom minifigures made of   aluminum. One is Jupiter, the king of the Roman gods. The second is Juno, wife and sister of Jupiter in Roman mythology, and the third is Galileo Galilei, the Italian astronomer who discovered the four large moons of Jupiter through a telescope he made. “We put these Lego minifigures on Juno in order to inspire and motivate and engage children, to help them share the excitement of space exploration,” Dr. Bolton said. After the first two orbits, during which engineers will check if the spacecraft and instruments are working properly, Juno is to fire its engine again to move into the orbit for making its scientific measurements. Although the craft are very different in appearance, much of Juno’s electronics and programming are based on the design of Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, an earlier spacecraft also built by Lockheed Martin. “It’s just configured in a different format,” Guy Beutelschies, the director of interplanetary missions at Lockheed Martin, said in an interview. Instead of developing electronic circuits that could operate in Jupiter’s intense radiation, Lockheed Martin used the same circuitry as Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter but shielded it within the    walls of a   titanium vault measuring about one yard on each side. Unlike earlier missions to the outer solar system, Juno is powered by sunlight, not plutonium. Three solar panels 30 feet long with a total of 18, 698 solar cells gather the dim sunlight to produce about 500 watts. Even if everything goes better than planned, the mission will not last much beyond the planned 20 months. Despite the titanium armoring, “we know the radiation is going to kill us,” Mr. Beutelschies said. Juno is expected to receive a radiation dose equivalent to more than 100 million dental  . One planet farther out, at Saturn, NASA’s Cassini spacecraft is being readied for what its managers have called the grand finale. Almost 12 years after it arrived, Cassini is, through some slingshots past the moon Titan, swinging its orbit out of the plane of the moons and rings. Beginning next April, Cassini will begin a series of 22 close flybys of Saturn, threading a narrow gap between the planet and its innermost ring, measuring Saturn’s gravitational and magnetic fields. Saturn is thought to have a rocky core perhaps as massive as Earth or perhaps several Earths. Cassini will also take stunning   images of the rings. “It’s like having a brand new mission,” said Linda Spilker, Cassini’s project scientist. Then, on Sept. 15 next year, with its maneuvering fuel almost used up, it will shift its trajectory and end its   mission with a death dive straight into Saturn, sending back data about the atmosphere until it is torn apart. Five months later, Juno is scheduled to be similarly disposed at Jupiter. Then, for the first time in more than two decades, no NASA spacecraft will be orbiting any of the outer planets. The next mission to Jupiter, still on the drawing board, is to take a closer look at Europa. If it is built, it may not get there for a decade.",0
16149,"Monopoly’s Indian version to be launched, real ₹500 and ₹1000 notes to be used","Monopoly’s Indian version to be launched, real ₹500 and ₹1000 notes to be used Posted on Tweet 
In a massive development in the world of board gaming, American toys and gaming brand Hasbro has announced that it will be coming up with its own Indian version of their child company Parker brothers’ cult classic business board game, Monopoly. Cashing in on PM Narendra Modi’s recent shell-shockingly bold move of invalidating currency notes of the ₹500 and ₹1000 denomination, Hasbro has announced that for the first time in the board game’s history, real notes of these denominations will be used. (Image via hasbro.com) 
“HUGE ANNOUNCEMENT: India, we’re coming soon to you guys, with your own version of Monopoly! Say goodbye to Boardwalk, Vermont, Park Place, Ventnor etc etc. You will soon see Connaught Place, Park Street, Marine Drive, Anna Salai, Silk Board and so on, along with a dozen places that belong to Robert Vadra and DLF! And guess what? For the first time in the history of this classic board game, we will be using real notes for ₹500 and ₹1000! So this is an open offer to you all – please send us all your notes of these denominations and we will transfer the corresponding amount to you online! Avail this historic opportunity!” Hasbro CEO Brian Goldner announced. 
Goldner added that it’s not just the properties that would be Indian. “There will be a ‘Go to Tihar Jail’ box at one of the corners. There will also be a ‘Get out of Tihar Jail free’ card with Sanjay Dutt’s face on it. As for the vehicles players would use, we will have a bullock cart, a Bajaj Chetak, a Maruti 800 and so on. And guess what – there will be no notes for denominations of ₹1 and ₹5! True to the Indian spirit, we will have Eclairs chocolates and 5-star bars in our game banks. The deal with Cadburys will be finalized soon. We’ll make this game as Indian as it can possibly get, all you folks as well as your illegal Bangladeshi immigrants are going to love it!” the CEO told The UnReal Times . 
According to sources, Hasbro is likely to be helped by Mukesh Ambani’s Reliance Industries Ltd in the distribution of the game. “Oh I absolutely love Monopoly, I just can’t have enough of it!” Ambani reportedly smiled while discussing the deal with Goldner. Hasbro is also said to have been approached by NCP supremo Sharad Pawar for the supply of currency notes in the state of Maharashtra. Sources in Tamil Nadu added that the ruling AIADMK wanted special ‘Amma’ currency notes for the game packs distributed in Tamil Nadu, but their request was reportedly turned down by Goldner. 
The announcement has drawn reactions from across the border too. While Pakistan has warned Hasbro of including any property from Kashmir in the game, China has issued a similar warning to not include any property from Arunachal Pradesh. From the center of the country, a letter by the Rashtreeya Swayamsevak Sangh has urged the brand to include other countries like Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka etc and make the game set in Akhand Bharat as opposed to being India-specific. 
Regardless though, Monopoly India is all set to be officially launched soon at the office of the BJP’s Margdarshak Mandal. “Joshi bhai , Yashwant bhai and I are greatly looking forward to this! Will be quite a change from the usual Rummy or Bridge,” BJP patriarch LK Advani, who recently turned 89, sniffed. Tweet About Ashwin Kumar 
1 of the proud columnists of URT, former co-editor of URT Tamil, amateur musician, Real Harris Jayaraj devotee, UnReal T. Rajendar fanatic, passionate about stopping female foeticide.",0
16150,"House Intel Dem Slams Comey’s Poor Judgment Last Week, Now Questions His Firing - Breitbart","The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Adam Schiff ( ) lambasted former FBI Director James Comey’s judgment last week, but on Thursday he wrote an   questioning why President Trump fired him. [He wrote Thursday in the Washington Post:  In the wake of President Trump’s brazen interference with the independence of the FBI and the Justice Department, the country faces a crisis of confidence in the administration of justice not seen in more than four decades, and disturbing questions that demand immediate answers. He also said by firing Comey, Trump caused the public to wonder: By firing Comey, Trump again has caused the public to wonder whether there is more here than meets the eye. To the long list of questions about his former national security adviser, his attorney general’s flawed testimony before the Senate and his campaign’s contacts with Russia, we must now add one more: Why, really, did the president fire James Comey? However, last week Schiff blasted Comey, after the former FBI director defended his decision to announce the FBI was reopening the investigation into Hillary Clinton. He told CNN last Wednesday that Comey’s decision was “colossally poor exercise of his judgment that has had really significant consequences:” Consequences on how the country now views the FBI, how it views the Justice Department, I think it has cast a lot of doubt on the impartiality  —   the apolitical nature of the FBI, and he did the very same damage to the bureau that I think he was hoping to avoid. He added: “I think it was a very bad judgment that had a very substantial and adverse consequence. ”",0
16151,Hillary Spent $25 Million from Clinton Foundation on Private Jets,"Hillary Spent $25 Million from Clinton Foundation on Private Jets   
by Martin Armstrong 
Bob Woodard , the journalist who broke the Watergate scandal that forced Nixon to resign, has come out to say that Hillary’s Clinton Foundation is “corrupt” and “a scandal.” Hillary said she will continue the Clinton Foundation if president, meaning she would continue taking money from foreign governments, no doubt. 
While the IRS documents show Hillary took in $500 million tax-free, she only paid out $75 million in charity and $25 million was spent traveling chartered jets. As long as she claims she went somewhere to talk to someone, all of her expenses are tax-free. I travel the world and have not spent even a half-million on travel. Of course, I am not hiring private jets.",0
16153,"Montants des dégâts de la Coalition internationale sur les installations pétrolières et gazières syriennes, par Bachar Ja’afari","Montants des dégâts de la Coalition internationale sur les installations pétrolières et gazières syriennes par Bachar Ja’afari Réseau Voltaire | New York (États-Unis) | 7 novembre 2016 D’ordre de mon gouvernement et comme suite à de nombreuses lettres dans lesquelles nous avions appelé votre attention sur les attaques menées par la soi-disant coalition internationale contre les infrastructures et les installations économiques de la République arabe syrienne, je vous fais tenir ci-joint un tableau récapitulatif comprenant :
a) Les montants estimatifs des pertes subies à la suite des raids menés par la « coalition internationale » contre les installations pétrolières et gazières en République arabe syrienne au cours de la période allant du 1er août au 16 octobre 2016 (voir annexe I).
b) Les montants estimatifs des pertes subies à la suite des raids menés par la « coalition internationale » contre les installations pétrolières et gazières en République arabe syrienne depuis le début de ces attaques jusqu’au 16 octobre 2016 (voir annexe II).
Le Gouvernement syrien souligne à nouveau la position qui est la sienne concernant la lutte contre le terrorisme, qu’il avait exposée dans des lettres adressées au Secrétaire général et au Président du Conseil de sécurité, dont la plus récente porte la cote A/68/984-S/2014/642.
Le Gouvernement syrien demande une fois encore la cessation immédiate de ces violations et s’estime de nouveau en droit de réclamer des dédommagements aux États faisant partie de « coalition internationale », à la suite de la destruction délibérée des installations de services, de l’industrie, de la production et du gaz.
Je vous serais reconnaissant de bien vouloir faire distribuer le texte de la présente lettre comme document du Conseil de sécurité.
Annexe I : Tableau récapitulatif des montants estimatifs préliminaires des dégâts résultant des pilonnages effectués du 23 septembre 2014 au 16 octobre 2016 par les avions de la « coalition occidentale » contre les installations pétrolières et gazières Valeur des dégâts subis par des sociétés actives et d’autres, qui ont pu être évalués récemment pour la période allant du 1er août au 16 octobre 2016
Annexe II : Valeur cumulative des dégâts évalués depuis le début des pilonnages, le 23 septembre 2014, jusqu’au 16 octobre 2016 Bachar Ja’afari",0
16154,Canada and Denmark Fight Over Island With Whisky and Schnapps - The New York Times,"International disputes over territory can be ugly affairs, waged with all the nastiness of a divorce, backed with the force of armies. Just in the last few years, China has built  islands topped with military bases to back its claim to vast stretches of ocean, in conflict with half a dozen other Asian countries, while Russia has forged a path of bloodshed and destruction in Ukraine over its annexation of Crimea. But that’s not how Canada and Denmark roll. Their way of contesting ownership of an uninhabited island in the Arctic would better suit a dinner party than a battlefield: It comes down to B. Y. O. B. Hans Island is really just a large rock, but it happens to lie smack dab in the middle of the Nares Strait, a    channel of very cold water separating Canada and Greenland, an autonomous territory of Denmark. The island falls within the   territorial limit of either shore, allowing both sides to claim it under international law. Canada and Denmark set out to establish a definitive border through the strait in 1973, but they couldn’t agree on what to do about Hans Island, so they left the issue aside to be resolved later. The calm diplomatic waters grew choppy in 1984 when Canadian troops visited the island, planted their nation’s flag and left another symbolic marker as well: a bottle of Canadian whisky. The Danes couldn’t let that stand. The country’s minister of Greenland affairs soon arrived on the island to replace the offending Canadian symbols with a Danish flag and a bottle of Danish schnapps, along with a note saying “Welcome to the Danish island. ” And so began a spirited dispute, one that has lasted decades, with each side dropping by the island periodically to scoop up the other side’s patriotic bottle and replace it with their own. (What becomes of the evicted liquor? No one is  —   hic  —   saying.) Canada and Denmark agreed in 2005 on a process to resolve the status of Hans Island, but the diplomats have made little headway since then. Hoping to encourage the negotiations, two academics put forward a proposal in 2015 to blend realpolitik with real estate: Make the island a “condominium” of shared sovereignty under two flags  —   and presumably, two bottles.",0
16155,"Sharon Jones, Powerhouse Soul Singer, Dies at 60 - The New York Times","Sharon Jones, a powerhouse soul singer with a gritty voice, fast feet and indomitable energy, died Friday of pancreatic cancer. She was 60. Her death was confirmed by Judy Miller Silverman, her publicist. She said Ms. Jones died at Bassett Medical Center in Cooperstown, N. Y. and was surrounded by members of her band, the   and other loved ones when she died. Ms. Jones sang and shouted the kind of   soul and funk she had grown up on. Her voice had bite, bluesiness, rhythmic savvy and a lifetime of conviction. She was backed by the   the revivalist New York City RB band that supplied her songs as she sparked their career. She was discovered in 1996 by Gabriel Roth, a founder of the   Daptone Records and the  ’ bassist and main songwriter (under the name Bosco Mann). Ms. Jones had tried decades earlier to get a start in the music business, but was told by record labels that she didn’t have the looks to be a performer. Later, she would recall in the 2016 documentary “Miss Sharon Jones! ,” the refrain became, “too short, too fat, too black and too old. ” But with the    —   who sometimes introduced her as “110 pounds of soul excitement”  —   she became an unstoppable frontwoman. As she sang about love troubles, hard times and a woman’s strength, she would race across the stage in high heels  —   and sooner or later kick them off  —   while shouting and shimmying in fringed, sequined dresses. Ms. Jones and the   worked their way up from clubs to theaters and festivals, and drew growing recognition from fellow musicians. At a 2011 concert in Paris, Prince showed up to play some guitar. In 2014, after chemotherapy sent her cancer into remission, Ms. Jones returned to performing with a show of undiminished energy as long as she could. Sharon Lafaye Jones was born on May 4, 1956, in Augusta, Ga. and spent her first years living across the state line in North Augusta, S. C. (Augusta, Ga. also nurtured one of her lifelong influences, James Brown.) She was the youngest of six children, and she is survived by four of them: Dora Jones, Isiah Jones, Henry Jones and Willian Stringer. In 1960, she moved with her family to Brooklyn, growing up in   later, she would write a song for a Christmas album called “Ain’t No Chimneys in the Projects. ” She sang gospel music in church and soaked up James Brown, Tina Turner, Aretha Franklin, Stax and Motown from the radio. From the 1970s on, she sang with funk bands and wedding bands, sang backup at recording sessions and led church choirs. To support herself, Ms. Jones worked as a prison guard at Rikers Island in the late 1980s and then as an armed security guard for Wells Fargo. At one recording session directly after work, she was still wearing her Wells Fargo uniform, complete with gun. It led to the title of one of her early singles, “Damn It’s Hot. ” Mr. Roth heard her at a 1996 session backing the soul singer Lee Fields, and quickly began recording her through various labels he was associated with: Pure Records, Desco and then Daptone. The 2002 album “Dap Dippin’ with Sharon Jones and the  ” was Ms. Jones’s debut album and Daptone’s first album release. Recording on vintage equipment with vintage instruments, Ms. Jones and the   were leaders of a New York   soul revival. The band’s sound got vastly more exposure when the producer Mark Ronson hired the   as the studio band for Amy Winehouse’s 2006 album “Back to Black. ” But Ms. Jones was gaining notice, too. She played a juke joint singer in “The Great Debaters,” a 2007 film by Denzel Washington. When she and the   released their 2007 album, “100 Days, 100 Nights,” they performed at the Apollo Theater. Album by album and tour by tour, Ms. Jones’s audience and reputation grew. She toured with Lou Reed and sang with Phish and Michael Bublé. But in 2013, as she prepared to release the album “Give the People What They Want,” she was diagnosed with stage 2 pancreatic cancer. She and the   performed on a float in the 2013 Macy’s Thanksgiving Day parade anyway. The album was postponed for a year while Ms. Jones underwent surgery and chemotherapy  —   a period documented by the director Barbara Kopple in “Miss Sharon Jones!” When Ms. Jones first returned to performing in 2014, she was bald. Her dancing would have sent any wig flying. “Give The People What They Want” was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best RB Album. By 2015, Ms. Jones and the band were fully back at work. They released a Christmas album, “It’s a Holiday Soul Party. ” They toured with Hall  Oates and on their own. And they made a new single that’s heard in “Miss Sharon Jones!” called “I’m Still Here,” a bluesy musical autobiography . “I didn’t know if I would live to see another day,” Ms. Jones sang with a triumphal wail. “But I’m still here. ”",0
16156,Afghan Police Chief Is Killed as He Tries to Turn Tide Against Taliban - The New York Times,"KABUL, Afghanistan  —   A   Afghan police chief with deep experience in Afghanistan’s long conflict with the Taliban was killed in a blast on Sunday in the country’s eastern Nangarhar Province, which has been under threat from the Taliban and affiliates of the Islamic State. The police chief, Gen. Zarawar Zahid, was visiting an outpost in the Hisarak district when explosives placed near the outpost detonated, according to Attaullah Khogyani, a spokesman for the governor of Nangarhar. One of General Zahid’s bodyguards was wounded, Mr. Khogyani said. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the killing, according to a statement by the insurgency’s spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahid. The attack came a week after twin bombings outside Afghanistan’s Ministry of Defense killed at least 40 people, including several senior security officials. Nangarhar, which borders Pakistan, has faced mounting security perils over the past couple of years, with new Islamic State affiliates complicating the threat from the Taliban. Zabihullah Zmarai, a member of the provincial council, said the Islamic State posed a danger in five districts, despite repeated operations by the Afghan Army. “Out of the 22 districts, only six are secure,” he said. The Taliban’s presence across nearly a dozen districts varies, Mr. Zmarai said. But the Hisarak district faced a collapse in recent weeks. That drew the attention of General Zahid, who had gone there to supervise a counterattack. Over the past decade, he rose from a bodyguard to a   police chief of several volatile provinces. His postings included two stints as the police chief of southeastern Ghazni Province, and one term each in Zabul and Paktika Provinces. General Zahid was seen as a   commander, often arriving at the front lines unannounced. When a major cultural event drew world leaders to the ancient city of Ghazni, the general was photographed riding around the city on the back of a motorcycle to check on security measures. He had been wounded twice and had lost two brothers during the decades of war in Afghanistan. In June, he took part in clashes with Pakistani forces that erupted on the border. In a Facebook video that he posted, he appeared beside two mortars and shouted to his men, “Strike hard enough to blow up Nawaz Sharif’s home,” referring to the prime minister of Pakistan. Sediq Sediqqi, the spokesman for Afghanistan’s Ministry of Interior Affairs, called General Zahid “one of the bravest commanders of Afghan police. ” “He lost his life on the front line of duty in the fight against terrorism,” Mr. Sediqqi said.",0
16157,America and Lackeys Insult People of the World," America and Lackeys Insult People of the World
By Finian Cunningham
 SCF "" - And its not just Russia that Washington is insulting  it's the entire world. Such is the preposterous hypocrisy of US leaders and their international network of cronies.
US client regime Saudi Arabia  the world's most repressive  being given a seat on the UN human rights council over the weekend while Russia was forced out of it is just one glaring insult among many.
Russias top diplomat was referring to US officials and Western allies accusing Russia of barbarism and war crimes in its ongoing military intervention in Syria.
Yet these unverified, hysterical charges that Washington levels against Moscow in Syria are proven against the US and its allies who have committed huge war crimes in dozens of countries over recent years. Crimes that go unaccounted for.
Lavrov cited the case of former Yugoslavia in particular where, in 1999, US-led NATO warplanes killed thousands of civilians in air strikes on public infrastructure. Since then, illegal overseas wars launched by Washington  in brazen violation of international law  have proliferated with a death toll counted in millions.
Currently, US forces are bombing seven countries, including Iraq, Syria and Yemen, inflicting civilian deaths on a daily basis. Yet it is Washington and its Western minions who have the audacity to condemn Russia over its military operations to salvage Syria from a US-led covert war for regime change. That the US has orchestrated a criminal covert war in Syria since March 2011  violating the human rights of millions of Syrians  is a shocking reality that only the servile Western media continues to conceal.
Last week, the Western propaganda campaign to demonize Russia scored a dubious victory by having Russia dropped from the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC). That move was achieved on the back of a media-driven agenda claiming that Russian air strikes were indiscriminately targeting civilians in the northern Syria city of Aleppo.
Never mind that Russian (and Syrian) aircraft have not been carrying out combat missions around Aleppo for nearly two weeks in order to facilitate humanitarian aid efforts in the war-torn city. Never mind that those aid efforts have been continually sabotaged by foreign-backed terrorist groups holding civilians under siege in eastern Aleppo for the past four years.
Russias military intervention in Syria over the past year has helped Syrian government forces liberate hundreds of towns and villages from a reign of terror imposed by foreign-backed mercenaries, all of which are integrated with the internationally outlawed terrorist networks Islamic State (Daesh) and Nusra Front. None of this is given any acknowledgment by the West and its subservient news media, which instead inverts reality by amplifying spurious claims leveled against Russia by the terrorist sponsors.
The battle for Aleppo is fully consistent with the objective of liberating Syria from a US-led criminal conspiracy to destroy the country and to replace the elected government of President Bashar al-Assad with a pro-Western puppet regime.
Over the weekend, Western media strained credulity by referring to rebels breaking the regimes siege on Aleppo. These so-called rebels are none other than Al Qaeda-linked terrorists of Nusra Front and its myriad offshoots, like Ahrar al-Sham and Jaish al-Fatah. It isnt the Syrian army and its Russian ally that are holding the city siege. It is the terrorists. And over the weekend their shelling resulting in dozens of civilians being killed, including reportedly 14 children in government-held western Aleppo.
Even the abjectly one-sided Western media could not conceal the slaughter by terrorist rebels whom the United States and its allies have supported with money, weapons and training to do their geopolitical bidding in Syria since 2011.
Meanwhile, in neighboring Iraq, a US coalition that includes Britain, France and Turkey continued bombing the city of Mosul, ostensibly to defeat extremists holding a civilian population as human shields  extremists whom the US and its partners have covertly supported next door in Syria. US-led aerial bombardment of Mosul has resulted in heavy civilian casualties since the offensive was launched on October 17, according to local sources.
Elsewhere over the weekend, Saudi warplanes, supported by the US, Britain and France, ratcheted up even more crimes against humanity. Some 10,000 people have been killed since the Saudi coalition began bombing the regions poorest country in March 2015. In an air strike on the Red Sea port city of Hodeida, Saudi warplanes attacked a prison, killing more than 60 inmates and security staff. It was just the latest atrocity in a litany of such deadly strikes on civilian centers, including hospitals, schools, markets, mosques, family homes and even funeral halls.
Last week, UN agencies reported that nearly half the Yemeni population of 24 million is facing starvation. Images of skeletal children are emerging, wracked by dysentery and cholera. This barbaric nationwide ordeal has been created by the Saudi regime and its Western patrons imposing a sea and air blockade on the country. It is no exaggeration to say that the whole Yemeni nation is an imprisoned population that is being bombed over and over without the slightest compunction for women and children being blown to pieces.
Without American, British and French military support the Saudi slaughter in Yemen would cease immediately. Western-backed Saudi claims of Iranian subversion in Yemen, from allegedly supporting Houthi rebels, are a risible pretext. Washington and its clients are destroying Yemen simply because they cant abide a popular, genuinely pro-democracy uprising succeeding in a vital oil-rich region that underpins US hegemony through despotic Arab rule, as in Saudi Arabia and the other Gulf monarchical dictatorships.
On the same weekend that Russia was sanctioned at the UNHRC, it was yet another blood-soaked orgy of state-sponsored terrorism carried out by the US, its allies and their mercenary surrogates.
The US, Britain, France and Saudi Arabia are among the 47 member states represented on the Geneva-based human rights council. The Saudi feudalist monarchy, which executes prisoners convicted of sorcery and other crimes by public beheading, and which bans women from driving cars, only obtained its seat on the UNHRC due to Britain fixing the votes.
Russia, which has stood against the terrorist-sponsoring aggression in Syria by Washington and its rogue-state partners, is singled out for sanction over allegations of committing violations.
This censure is insulting because not only is it a travesty of justice. It is an insult to common intelligence which can see through the preposterous lies of the US and its accomplices.
The utter disconnect and deception by Washington and other Western governments may fool some of the people some of the time, but over the long-run such corruption is coming unstuck. The turmoil, anger and disdain among ordinary people towards criminals in high office is reaching boiling point in the US, Europe and across the world.
The more that these illegitimate rulers seek to justify their existence and criminal enterprises the more it offends ordinary human intelligence.
Russia is right to be aggrieved by the public insults that emanate from Washington and its lackeys. But Russia is certainly not alone in being grotesquely wronged. The whole world is aggrieved by putting up so far with an international oligarchy of thieves, exploiters and sponsors of terrorism. So far.",0
16158,Deportations Hit 10-Year Low as Obama Prepares Exit,"Deportation of illegal immigrants hit a   low during President Obama’s last full fiscal year in office. The U. S. Department of Homeland Security also appeared to be cutting back on information provided about all three of its law enforcement agencies. [The administration waited until the last Friday of the year to release its final FY 2016 report on Immigration and Customs Enforcement removal operations.  “It’s no wonder that they waited for a day when hardly a soul was paying attention the numbers for ICE are abysmal, even worse than 2015,” Center for Immigration Studies Director of Policy Studies Jessica Vaughn reported this week. If there were an award for government reports that aim to obfuscate and spin, I would nominate this one. ” Vaughn wrote that the annual reports have historically provided basic statistics from all three of the department’s law enforcement agencies. This year, the report sneaked out by DHS officials on the last working day of the month normally, in two versions, was scaled back to provide only a fraction of the information normally disclosed. The reported is compiled by the Office of Immigration Statistics (OIS) which has a new director, Marc Rosenblum. Vaughn listed the following as key findings from the annual report: One of the priorities of the Obama Administration was supposed to be deporting criminal aliens and others designated under the Priority Enforcement Program introduced in November 2014. Breitbart Texas Managing Director Brandon Darby dubbed the program “Catch and Release 2. 0” in an article published in January 2015. “Before these changes,” a federal agent with U. S. Customs and Border Protection told Breitbart Texas at the time, “all illegal aliens arrested by Border Patrol were required to enter the deportation system where they would be scheduled for a deportation hearing at a future date. Under this new system, the illegal aliens are not even required to show up for a hearing ever. ” “Not only are we releasing these people with no hearings scheduled, no notice to appear, but the DHS [Department of Homeland Security] is forcing Border Patrol to prepare the initial paperwork for the illegal aliens’ work permits. ” The source added, “Americans really need to think about the   implications of this. Illegal aliens who are suspected of having terrorism ties, but not convicted, could be permitted to stay in the country. ” The impact of the new program has been dramatic in a negative way. The charts below show the dramatic decline of interior deportations (called removals by the DHS) and the removal of criminal aliens from the U. S.:  Vaughn reported that 98 percent of all interior deportations were convicted criminals. This means that other migrants who have been crossing the border in massive numbers for the past several years are simply allowed to stay. Even though the removal of criminal aliens made up nearly all of the interior deportations, the numbers of criminals being deported also continued to fall from previous years. This is not because the country is running out of criminal aliens to deport. “The main reason for the decline is the Obama administration’s prioritization scheme that has steadily narrowed the types of cases that ICE officers are permitted to pursue. The total number of removals (deportations and voluntary returns) increased by less than 5, 000 in FY 2016 compared to FY 2015. However, the total deportation number of 240, 000 aliens is 41 percent lower than the peak FY 2012 numbers. “Obama has the lowest rate of deportations since the Nixon Administration,” Vaughn stated. “The administration and its allies frequently point out that more than two million removals have occurred since 2009, an accomplishment that they characterize as  . ” Vaughn explains why this is not true: But counting only removals as deportations presents a misleading picture of the level of enforcement. Removals are just one form of the deportation process that can be executed by any of the three DHS enforcement agencies (ICE, Border Patrol, and CBP officers at the port of entry). All three enforcement agencies also can process deportable aliens as a return (sometimes known as voluntary return) which is a lesser consequence. In general most border deportations are processed as returns and most interior deportations are processed as removals, but in recent years many more aliens apprehended at the border have been turned over to ICE for a brief period of detention and then removed in recent years, in a departure from the traditional “you catch ’em, you clean ’em” policies, where the arresting agency typically handles the deportation process. In addition, illegal   who have been removed previously, or who are prosecuted for smuggling or other crimes are turned over to ICE for processing. Under these scenarios, the Border Patrol will count the case as an apprehension, which is their marquee enforcement metric, and ICE will count the case as a deportation. Under Obama, a much larger number of Border Patrol cases were transferred to ICE for processing than had been the case under prior administrations. In 2008, the last year of the George W. Bush administration, just over a third of deportations credited to ICE were border cases, and   were interior cases. In 2016, more than   of the deportation cases credited to ICE were border cases, and less than a third were interior cases. Rather than using removals as the measurement, Vaughn suggests that a more “  ” comparison can be made by examining interior deportations and border removals separately. “Neither the Border Patrol nor CBP publishes the total number of deportations executed, and many of the cases are transferred to ICE, so    comparisons of border deportations alone are impossible using open source statistics,” she stated. Using these methods, Vaughn concluded that the Obama Administration has completed a total of 5. 3 million deportations (both interior and border removals. That number represents about half of those same actions under the administration of   George W. Bush. It is not the Obama Administration that holds the record for deportations. Rather, it is the Clinton Administration record with 12. 3 million deportations reported. The following chart provided by the CIS reveals the average number of deportations reported annually: Vaughn was extremely critical of the content of the new annual report released by   Director Rosenblum. ”The first set of reports prepared under the tenure of new OIS Director Marc Rosenblum, formerly of the Migration Policy Institute, are of dubious value,” she stated. She explained that the previous year’s reported provided numerous data tables and explanatory materials providing a more neutral view of actions taken by the department. Typically, those reports would provide data covering multiple years for comparison. “The new reports include only one set of actual enforcement statistics with only five numbers drawn from DHS systems  —   repeat, five enforcement statistics,” Vaughn reported. “Specifically, OIS is reporting: the number of inadmissibility determinations at the port of entry the number of Border Patrol apprehensions the number of ICE arrests, the number of   to detention, and the total number of deportations. No numbers are provided for prior years, but percentage changes from 2015 are reported. ” Vaughn concluded that the immigration issue will continue to be one of the most important and contentious policy matters facing the new President and his administration. “The incoming Trump administration and Congress must insist that DHS return to a relatively standardized and apolitical manner of publishing the vital statistics of the immigration agencies in order to support this discussion. ” Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
16159,Dr. Duke & Farren Shoaf: We are the Republican Party Now & We are Coming for You Zio-Commies!,"http://mediaarchives.gsradio.net/dduke/112116.mp3 Dr. Duke & Farren Shoaf: We are the Republican Party Now & We are Coming for You Zio-Commies!
Today Dr. Duke proclaimed that a new Republican Party is emerging. The days of a GOP that goes along with the tsunamigration of third worlders into the United States, endless Zionist wars, and the cultural undermining of our European Christian civilization are over. A new wave of Republicans are taking over and restoring our values and pursuing the interests of the American people. 
Dr. Duke had radio talk show host Farren Shoaf as his guest. They discussed the increasingly futile efforts by the mainstream media and Jewish media oligarchs to brand alternative media as “Fake News,” as if the mainstream media’s narrative, from Saddam’s non-existant weapons of mass distruction to the bogus polls showing Hillary on the verge of a landslide, can be trusted. 
This is another great show that you won’t want to miss. Please share it widely. 

Our show is aired live at 11 am replayed at ET 4pm Eastern and 4am Eastern.",0
16160,Megyn Kelly’s Pivotal Moment in a Post-Ailes Era at Fox News - The New York Times,"Early last year, in an article in The New York Times Magazine, I defined what I called a “Megyn moment,” in a profile of the Fox News host Megyn Kelly: “When you, a Fox guest  —   maybe a regular guest or even an official contributor  —   are pursuing a line of argument that seems perfectly congruent with the Fox worldview, only to have Kelly seize on some part of it and call it out as nonsense, maybe even turn it back on you. ” When I wrote that article, the Megyn moment was notable because it was so unusual. Normally, if guests hewed close to Fox News’s   perspective (President Obama, woefully incompetent or frighteningly efficient Democrats, bad, especially Hillary Clinton Republicans good, mostly all of them) they were pretty much safe from challenge. In letting Ms. Kelly break from that orthodoxy here and there, the Fox News chief Roger Ailes seemed to be experimenting with ways to expand his channel’s audience, which was older, whiter and in danger of atrophying despite its longtime perch atop the cable news ratings. Ms. Kelly’s youth and divergent approach had the potential to draw in new viewers. The question at the time was, how far would he be willing to let these Megyn moments go? And what did that mean for Fox? That question arose again after Ms. Kelly had another one of her moments on Tuesday night, with a longtime Fox guest and contributor, Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker. But this time the question has taken on a more existential quality. The network’s longtime chairman, Mr. Ailes, was ousted over sexual harassment accusations last summer a potential new challenger is threatening to emerge from the right in Trump TV, however uncertain it might seem and Ms. Kelly and Fox’s other big star, Bill O’Reilly, are nearing the end of their contracts. Fox News’s very future is on the line. Ms. Kelly’s moment on Tuesday night initially fit the classic pattern. It began with Mr. Gingrich citing signs of positive news for Donald J. Trump from early voting counts, which he said augured a surprise victory for Mr. Trump. Ms. Kelly, clearly mindful of four years ago, when so many Fox News hosts doubted polls showing an Obama   challenged him. “He’s been behind in virtually every one of the last 40 polls that we’ve seen over the past month, that’s the reality,” she said of Mr. Trump. But what really set Mr. Gingrich off was when Ms. Kelly said the sexual assault accusations against Mr. Trump were clearly taking a toll, raising questions about whether the candidate was “a sexual predator. ” Mr. Gingrich asked why Bill Clinton’s accusers weren’t getting covered, and Ms. Kelly replied by saying that on her show they were. The exchange became edgier, and more personal. Mr. Gingrich told her she was “fascinated with sex,” and she told him she was “fascinated by the protection of women. ” She signed off by telling him, “You can take your anger issues and spend some time working on them,” and he more or less said back atcha. (Mr. Trump provided his assessment of the exchange on Wednesday, saying “Congratulations, Newt, on last night. That was an amazing interview. ”) Although the pattern was typical, the rancor was not. And it represented a bigger split at Fox News. By all accounts, in the absence of Mr. Ailes, Ms. Kelly has been freer to pursue her show on her own terms, which are certainly not in line with those of either Mrs. Clinton or Mr. Trump and therefore not in line with many in the Fox News core audience (let alone those of her old boss Mr. Ailes, who informally advised Mr. Trump before the debates). The same has held true for the Fox contributors who have not embraced Mr. Trump’s candidacy  —   like Dana Perino, the Republican   of “The Five,” and the Weekly Standard writer Stephen F. Hayes. They have been given ample time and freedom to call it as they see it in ways that were not as obviously apparent earlier this year. In that vein, the Fox News host Chris Wallace emerged as an exceptional debate moderator in the third presidential debate, holding firm with both candidates and asking tough questions of each. But there’s a flip side. In this “Free( er) to Be You and Me” environment at Fox,   network personalities have become even   none more than Sean Hannity, the host whose show follows Ms. Kelly’s. An informal adviser to Mr. Trump, his rhetoric has grown as incendiary as that of his candidate. On the same day as Ms. Kelly’s confrontation with Mr. Gingrich, Mr. Hannity announced on his radio show that if Trump won, he would personally pay to fly President Obama to Canada or, for that matter, Kenya or Indonesia. It was a nod to the fake, old “birther” conspiracy that even Mr. Trump has eschewed after promoting it for years. So there, on Tuesday, were two distinct futures of Fox. Rupert Murdoch, whose family controls Fox News’s parent company, 21st Century Fox, has so far mostly kept it in its Ailesian mode, which, after all, has made Fox News a major profit driver for its corporate parent and kept it atop the cable news ratings. And Mr. Murdoch’s son Lachlan recently said it would be “foolish of us” to depart from “a winning strategy. ” But CNN is nipping at Fox News’s heels, managing to beat it in the news demographic that advertisers care most about  —   people between the ages of 25 and 54  —   over the last four weeks, the first such sustained victory in 15 years. Still, nothing forces decisions in television news like the hard deadlines of talent contracts. Ms. Kelly’s comes up later next year, followed by that of Mr. O’Reilly. Every rival network has expressed interest in picking her up, and Tuesday night’s Megyn moment can only help her in that regard. The Murdochs have made it clear they would like Ms. Kelly to stay, which they showed with the $6 million advance their book imprint HarperCollins paid for her coming memoir, “Settle for More. ” On Wednesday night, The Wall Street Journal  —   a Fox News corporate sibling  —   quoted Rupert Murdoch as saying he viewed Ms. Kelly as important to the network and was hoping to have her contract locked down “very soon. ” But, he added, the network has a “deep bench” of personalities, any of whom would “give their right arm for her spot. ” But if the Murdochs persuade Ms. Kelly to stay, will there be room for her, Mr. Hannity and Mr. O’Reilly? Both Mr. O’Reilly and Mr. Hannity have openly feuded with her, though Mr. Hannity’s fights have been more bitter and more recent. If Ms. Kelly stays, will they? Who knows if Mr. Trump will pursue some sort of television   venture (he says he has no interest). But if he does, he could conceivably hire Mr. O’Reilly and Mr. Hannity, who has a contract provision that would allow him to follow Mr. Ailes out the door (though the window is tight and it would presumably have to happen in relatively short order). A Trump venture raises the prospect of a more moderate  —   if still plenty    —   Fox News combating not just CNN and MSNBC but also a challenger from the right. Television news would never be the same.",0
16161,"Tancredo: Thanks Mr. President and Mitch McConnell, the GOP Is My Political Home Again - Breitbart","Donald Trump kept his word, Mitch McConnell played hardball, and together they triumphed over Chuck Schumer and the liberal establishment. April 7 should be marked on every patriot’s calendar as a turning point in history. [How long has it been since we had a policy victory of this magnitude? America now has a   chance to return to constitutional government.  If you think I am exaggerating the importance of having a true originalist in the Scalia chair on the Supreme Court, consider this question: If Neil Gorsuch had been writing the   majority opinion in the 2012 NFIB v. Sebelius challenge to Obamacare, would we still have Obamacare? No way, Jose. Adding Gorsuch to the Supreme Court is a historic turning point for three reasons besides the obvious one of having a strong conservative in Scalia’s chair. The Republican Party should heed the lessons taught by this victory if they want to actually govern the country instead of merely taking over the command of a doomed Titanic. First, the U. S. Senate Republicans showed unusual courage and uncharacteristic stamina. When Justice Scalia died suddenly in early 2016, President  Obama moved swiftly to fill the vacancy. But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley decided the vacancy on the court should be filled by the winner of the 2016 presidential election and not by a lame duck incumbent. Indeed, no less an authority on Supreme Court vacancies than Democrat leader Chuck Schumer had proposed the same thing back in 2008 when George Bush was the lame duck. McConnell and the Senate Republicans held their ground despite the onslaught of criticism from the new power trilogy of the mainstream media, Hollywood comedians, and Obama Legacy stockholders. Then, in the middle of his campaign in 2016, candidate Donald Trump drew up a list of 21 conservative judges, made it public, and promised to select his first Supreme Court nominee from that list. Publishing that list was in itself radically unconventional and a bold gamble. But then he did a really unconventional thing and kept that promise by selecting Neil Gorsuch, a 10th Circuit Court judge who was probably among the two or three most conservative judges on that list of  . Golly, Batman, what next? !! And then came the coup de gras   —   not just ending opposition to Gorsuch but also giving Trump’s next Supreme Court nominee much better odds for confirmation. Democrats announced they would filibuster to block a full Senate vote on the Gorsuch appointment since it takes 60 votes to end a filibuster, not a simple majority of 51. Senate Republicans rose to the occasion by pulling the “nuclear trigger” ending the filibuster rule altogether, thereby not just stopping the filibuster against Gorsuch but also ending the filibuster threat against all future court nominees as well. Mitch McConnell had his finest hour as Senate Republican leader by holding that gang of 52 Republicans together and delivering on his promise to President Trump. All three elements of this miracle are worthy of praise —   Trump’s courage in publishing the list, his wisdom in selecting Gorsuch, and McConnell’s stellar leadership and political craftsmanship in delivering the victory despite universal, virulent Democrat opposition. Why is this victory so pivotal and so monumental? The answer is simple: a conservative majority on the U. S. Supreme Court is absolutely central to the survival of our Republic. The rule of law has become the rule of judges, and the Supreme Court is the final check on the rule of bad judges  —     which we have a few hundred in our federal courts thanks to decades of poor judicial appointments. Let us recall that the infamous 1973 Roe v. Wade   decision was written by a Republican nominee, Harry Blackman. More recently, Obamacare survived a court challenge because of the linguistic creativity of a Republican chief justice. The lessons to be learned from the Gorsuch victory are many, but this is the main one: We can restore the rule of law and true constitutionalism to the Supreme Court only if we have all three elements of the winning formula: a President with the wisdom to appoint the right judges, a Senate Republican leadership with the courage to fulfill its constitutional obligations, and a nation with a majority willing to support those choices. The Gorsuch appointment dwarfs in importance anything else Trump can or will do in the next four years and more than balances the inevitable disappointments and missteps he will send our way. Some people will think I am enthusiastic about Gorsuch only because he is likely to uphold Trump’s Executive Orders on immigration, but they are mistaken. I earnestly hope he will have the opportunity in the next few years to overturn bad precedents in Kelo (2005) Chevron (1984) and Roe (1973) decisions and many others. We can and will disagree with President Trump on some issues, such as trade policy, infrastructure boondoggles, and foreign policy mistakes like military involvement in Syria’s civil war. In fact, I may not agree with Trump’s every proposal or action on immigration and border security. But no matter: gaining conservative control of the Supreme Court makes the Trump presidency a success no matter what happens tomorrow. The Republican success in delivering the Gorsuch confirmation greatly overshadow the Republican Party’s many warts and weaknesses. I have decided to rejoin the Republican party as the best available vehicle for defending and sustaining our constitutional Republic.",0
16162,"A Glass Ceiling Now Broken, Is U.S. Ready for a Madam President? - The New York Times","PHILADELPHIA  —   First a black president and now, just maybe, a woman. Karen Willis, an   delegate to this week’s Democratic convention here, was exhilarated by the historic possibilities of Hillary Clinton’s election run, viewing it as a natural succession to Barack Obama’s eight years in power. But when it comes to persuading voters, she noted, Mrs. Clinton’s gender milestone was the one thing her party was likely to play down. “We don’t want to offend some of the white men out there who may not take too well to a first woman,” said Ms. Willis, who is from San Diego, citing internal party talking points. “We don’t want to rub it in their faces that she’s a woman, any more than we rubbed it in their faces that Barack Obama was black. It makes sense. ” As the United States kicks off an unprecedented presidential campaign contest this week, setting Mrs. Clinton against her Republican opponent, Donald J. Trump, the sensitivities of the country’s gender politics are bubbling to the surface. Americans find themselves confronted with an uncomfortable question: Are they really ready to accept a Madam President? The soaring optimism of Mrs. Clinton’s address to her party in Philadelphia, with its promises of breaking the world’s highest glass ceiling, comes against the backdrop of a contest notable for its misogynistic discourse. Casual prejudices once reserved for the locker room or the bar stool have been projected loudly onto a national stage, mostly from the podium of Mr. Trump, who has variously described women as fat pigs, dogs and slobs, and blamed their menstrual cycles for criticism of him. In particular, he has accused Mrs. Clinton of playing the “woman’s card. ” Beyond Mr. Trump’s schoolboy imprecations, the bilious environment has drawn attention to the more serious issue of the United States’ record of putting women in positions of power. American popular culture celebrates women who combine power and success, like Sheryl K. Sandberg, the Facebook executive whose prescriptions on balancing a   career with family life are received with great solemnity. In government, American diplomats monitor human rights in other nations and can be outspoken against egregious abuses involving women, like acid attacks and honor killings, in poor countries. But despite progress toward gender equality in recent decades, women struggle to achieve equal pay or seniority to men of equivalent qualification in business, even in liberal bastions like Hollywood. The gap is most striking in politics. After a surge in female members of Congress in the early 1990s, rates have stalled or fallen back currently, 20 percent of representatives and senators are women, far below the 30 percent goal set by a United Nations conference on women. The World Economic Forum, in its latest Global Gender Gap report, ranked the United States 72nd of 145 countries for political empowerment, trailing countries like Cuba, Cape Verde and Kenya. In part, experts say, the American system is at fault. The presidential nominating process, with its long and ruinously expensive campaigns, is tougher on nonconventional candidates than the parliamentary system is in many countries. And American politicians are averse to the quotas that helped increase female participation in other countries. Badges and   deriding Mrs. Clinton in obscene terms or using sexual slurs are common at Trump rallies. But women who have succeeded in Washington also point to deeply ingrained male chauvinism as a powerful impediment to success. Madeleine Albright, the United States’ first female secretary of state, recalled in an interview how she had often encountered more resistance from American colleagues than from the Arab heads of state she had been warned about. “It was the little things,” she said. When she raised her voice in meetings, “men would say, ‘Don’t be so emotional,’ or would drum their fingers on the table and say I was talking too long  —   when the men actually talked much longer. ” Similar attitudes endure today, powerful women say. Shamila N. Chaudhary, a former Obama administration official now at New America, a think tank in Washington, said she encountered workplace friction with male subordinates every day. “People don’t like women to be leaders,” she said. “They get angry. It’s always about my demeanor or my tone. I tell them I’m just trying to get the work done. ” Female politicians in other countries hope that Mrs. Clinton’s run will set an example for them, too. Joyce Laboso, the deputy speaker of Kenya’s Parliament, who was in Philadelphia this week, said she had followed Mrs. Clinton’s campaign with a mix of envy and empathy. Back home she, too, had endured taunts from men who questioned her suitability to run for office, or who said she had the wrong husband for the job (although in her case, it was because her spouse is from another ethnic group). “Men say that positions of authority are not our sphere,” she said. “But if Hillary becomes president, that myth will be shattered. ” If she wins, Mrs. Clinton promises more than symbolism. But away from the curated,   environment of the convention, with its rousing slogans, the coming battle with Mr. Trump is likely to feature further ad hominem attacks. “I’m taking the gloves off,” he  said at a rally in Colorado Springs on Friday. Just as Mr. Trump was accused of using   tactics to attack Mr. Obama  —   by supporting, for instance, the “birther” conspiracy theories claiming that Mr. Obama had been born in Kenya  —   Mr. Trump could well return to attacks based on gender. It’s not just Mr. Trump, though. Mrs. Clinton suffers from unusually high negative ratings from voters, including many women, who see her as an impenetrable figure whose life has been framed by compromised politics and the ultimate power marriage. Some were uncomfortable with a convention speech this week by her husband, Bill Clinton, that tried to paint her as an object of desire. Surveys show that young people, in particular, do not trust her. Many young female supporters of her opponent in the race for the Democratic nomination, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, said they resented being pressured into supporting her on the basis of her sex. “I get it that some people just don’t know what to make of me,” Mrs. Clinton admitted during the convention. The gender debate, both overt and coded, is part of the broader tumult of a campaign that has challenged many core notions of American political identity, and that has been filled with astonishing turns. In just the past week, Mr. Trump called for Russian intelligence agencies to find Mrs. Clinton’s missing emails, only to retract the statement as an apparent joke. At the Democratic convention, former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg of New York suggested that Mr. Trump was not sane. In an electrifying moment, the father of a fallen Muslim American soldier brandished a copy of the Constitution on stage and waved it at Mr. Trump. “You have sacrificed nothing and no one,” he said. Mrs. Clinton’s advisers have debated how much they should focus on gender in the coming months. Many see parallels with the delicate balancing act of 2008, when the party sought to reassure some voters about Mr. Obama. Ms. Willis, the delegate, said she had been told then that “we can’t make race an issue, because there are some people out there who might not take well to that. ” But in Philadelphia, at least, Mrs. Clinton owned her historic achievement. Her first appearance, on a video screen, showed her surrounded by the shards of a shattering glass ceiling. During the speeches, some delegates  —   men as well as women  —   cried openly. “It’s the end of a long struggle,” Representative John Lewis, a civil rights champion from Georgia, told MSNBC just before Mrs. Clinton was officially nominated. “I cried when Barack Obama was nominated, cried when he was elected, cried when he was sworn in. And I may cry again tonight. ”",0
16163,Eight Days to America’s Armageddon,"Previous Eight Days to America’s Armageddon 
We have eight days until America meets her ultimate fate and this is what we are about to inherit as a leader. 
Hillary’s Epitaph 
By hook, or crook, this is who we are about to elect into the White House. This is what she’s accomplished: Whitewater Sitting on the Board of LaFarge when the first payments were given to fund ISIS by LaFarge The first failed version of Obamacare when she was first lady Vince Foster The Travelgate scandal when she was the First Lady Selling 20% of America’s uranium to the Russian (NY Times) TREASON Stealing $2 billion of Haitian relief money. Posting Ambassador Stevens travel plans prior to Benghazi ACCOMPLICE TO MURDER Benghazi The drug and money laundering of the Clinton Foundation Paying out 5% of the total proceeds of the Clinton Foundation to charity while pocketing the rest Using foreign money in Presidential campaign Pay for play- Perpetuating arms arms deals with nations that sponsor terrorism, when serving s Secretary of State, in exchange for payments to the Clinton Foundation Preparing to run to a country who has no extradition agreement with the United States in order to escape the justice that is coming her way (eg Qatar). The ongoing email scandal in which she obstructed justice by deleting 33,000 emails that were under investigation by Congress The ongoing email scandal in which she sent out emails with security designations as “ABOVE TOP SECRET” and she did so 22 times ESPIONAGE Refusing to step down and creating a constitutional crisis in a nation that is hopelessly divided already 
Hillary’s new administration will consist of the following goals and this is not even being kept secret. Enacting the largest tax increase on Americans at $1.3 trillion dollars. The elimination of the family structure as we know it though increased power given to CPS’ around the country though Health and Human Services. Remember? It take a Village to Raise a Child? Or, was it the Village Idiot to Raise a Child? The elimination of inheritance. The elimination of Christianity. The elimination of free speech and she has made this one abundantly clear with her comments toward the alt. media. The elimination of free speech. The creation of a borderless nation. Increasing the importation of possible terrorists without national security vetting. The elimination of the Second Amendment. A President who will never leave office until she dies. 
We are witnessing the possible installation of the modern day version of Stalin as the President of the United States. 
I could go on and on, but fortunately, I still have a life that is worth living. 
The big question is this: Why aren’t Americans from every race, color and religion in the streets demanding an end to her candidacy? 
I have written about this before, perhaps America is now ready to look at herself in the mirror. 
The following represents why America has not had enough of the criminality. The following 3 psychological principles have manifested in the form of a self-created prison that over half the country finds itself in. The CNN Effect-Group Think 
The world of psychological research provides the definitive answer as to whether we should fear our military in the coming storm ahead in the form of a phenomenon called group think . Group think is often described as a decision-making process whereby the group members go along with what they believe is the consensus. Group think has also been used to describe individual acquiescence to authority even when the authority has limited power to enforce compliance. Group think often causes groups to make hasty, irrational decisions, where individual doubts are set aside, for fear of upsetting the group’s leadership and balance. The Migram Experiment 
The controversial 1963 experiment, known as the Milgram Experiment demonstrated that with very minimal verbal pressure, and nothing else, approximately 65% of the population will put someone to death based upon the orders of a perceived authority figure. And this occurs when the authority figure, in the Milgram experiment was not allowed to apply any REAL threats. For a complete description of the Milgram Experiment, please click here . 
The MSM tells America Trump cannot win, Hillary is good and Donald is bad. The political leaders, owned by the corporations who have been raping this country for 40 years tell us to vote for the criminal Clinton. And like good little sheep, we follow orders of the elite, just like the Nazis. 
IF the Media Tells the Lie Often Enough, the People Will Come to Believe It: Confirmation Bias 
“We’ll know our disinformation program is complete when everything the public believes is false.” 
William Casey, former CIA Director Confirmation bias is the same in any tyrannical form of government. 
The social psychological term, confirmation bias, refers to the fact that the masses will believe even the biggest of lies, if they hear it often enough. Confirmation bias and group think work hand in hand to enslave Americans into believing in and accepting a self-destructive paradigm. Television MSM news has a filtering impact on the perception of reality . The psychological concept of confirmation bias means that when we hear a message often enough, we come to unquestionably accept the message as authentic and real. And the message is amazingly consistent because only six globalist corporate entities control over 95% of the media. 
Donald Trump is racist! You have heard it before and you will keep hearing it until every nonwhite person in America believes that if he elected, America will see a race war. 


Racist and sexist, that’s Donald Trump and we hear this over and over and over and the unaware masses in this country come to believe as the real facts fade into the background. Trump Cannot Win According to the Polls, Says the MSM and It Doesn’t Matter What You Do- Learned Helplessness 
Why won’t America stand up for herself? Why is the country, once a country which possessed courage and conviction, now sitting idly while allowing itself to be taken to the slaughter without so much as a whimper? 
The answer to the above question lies in the psychological concept known as “Learned Helplessness” as discovered by Martin Seligman in the 1960’s. 
“Learned helplessness” occurs when an animal, or a person, is repeatedly subjected to an aversive stimulus that it cannot escape from. Eventually, the animal will stop trying to avoid the stimulus and behave as if it is utterly helpless to change the situation. Even when opportunities to escape are presented, this learned helplessness will prevent any action ”. 


Phase One 
In the first phase of the learned helplessness experiment, Seligman placed a dog on an electrical grid, shocked the dog and noted that the dog would demonstrate the ability to escape the aversive stimulus. 
Phase Two 
In the second phase, the dog was barricaded on the grid and was unable to escape the painful shocks. Eventually the dog laid down and passively accepted the shock. 
Phase Three 
Seligman then removed the barricades and the dog could have easily escaped the shocks. However, the dog, conditioned by the prior set of events, simply laid down and accepted the shocks, without mounting any resistance whatsoever. This, in large part, is where America is at today. 
Trump has removed the barrier (phase three) and America has a chance to redeem herself in the eyes of God. We have a chance to reclaim a measure of respectability from the criminal enterprise system that we presently under. 
It does not matter if you vote. Trump cannot win, says the globalist controlled media. The research shows us that one factor, and only one factor, can move the masses to action. When people see their loved ones in danger (ie cannot feed their children), they will act with purpose. This is the angle that the awake must use to awaken the sleeping sheep in this country. Do I think it is going to happen, I don’t think so. However, if we all get on our knees and pray to God for forgiveness and deliverance, we might be surprised at what happens. There are only 8 days to America’s Armageddon",0
16164,"Court Temporarily Blocks Trump’s Travel Ban, and Airlines Are Told to Allow Passengers - The New York Times","A federal judge in Seattle on Friday temporarily blocked President Trump’s   immigration order from being enforced nationwide, reopening America’s door to visa holders from seven predominantly Muslim countries and dealing the administration a humbling defeat. The White House vowed late Friday to fight what it called an “outrageous” ruling, saying it would seek an emergency halt to the judge’s order as soon as possible and restore the president’s “lawful and appropriate order. ” “The president’s order is intended to protect the homeland and he has the constitutional authority and responsibility to protect the American people,” the White House said. A revised statement released later omitted the word “outrageous. ” And early Saturday morning, Mr. Trump tweeted in defense of his stand. Courts around the country have halted aspects of Mr. Trump’s temporary ban on travel from the seven countries, but the Seattle ruling was the most   to date. Airlines that had been stopping travelers from boarding planes to the United States were told by the government in a conference call Friday night to begin allowing them to fly, according to a person familiar with the call but who declined to be identified because it was a private discussion. The Trump administration, however, could again block the travelers if it were to win an emergency stay. The federal government was “arguing that we have to protect the U. S. from individuals from these countries, and there’s no support for that,” said the judge, James Robart of Federal District Court for the Western District of Washington, an appointee of President George W. Bush, in a decision delivered from the bench. The judge’s ruling was temporary, putting Mr. Trump’s policy on hold at least until the government and opponents of the order had a chance to make full arguments, or until the administration won a stay. “What we’re seeing here is the courts standing up to the unconstitutional ban that President Trump imposed,” said Omar Jadwat, director of the Immigrants’ Rights Project at the A. C. L. U. “There’s obviously more litigation to come, but this is truly good news for the many people both in this country and abroad who have been unfairly targeted on the basis of their religion by this ban. ” It is not unusual for district courts to issue nationwide injunctions blocking executive actions, and the federal government must obey such injunctions even when other district courts have declined to issue injunctions in similar cases. Judge Robart temporarily barred the administration from enforcing two parts of Mr. Trump’s order: its   suspension of entry into the United States of people from the seven countries  —   Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen  —   and its limits on accepting refugees, including “any action that prioritizes the refugee claims of certain religious minorities. ” The order had suspended admissions of any refugees for 120 days, and of Syrian refugees indefinitely. The goal, the president said, was to evaluate the process for vetting refugees and other immigrants in order to safeguard the country against terrorism. The order said that when immigration from the seven countries resumed, persecuted religious minorities would be given preference, and in an interview the day of the signing, Mr. Trump said the United States would give Christians from those countries priority because they had suffered “more so than others. ” Judge Robart made clear that his order applied nationwide, citing a similar nationwide injunction from a federal district court in Texas that had blocked President Barack Obama’s plan to shield some undocumented immigrants from deportation and allow them to legally work in the United States. Since Mr. Trump signed his order on Jan. 27, there has been widespread confusion over the policy and disagreement over how it was being carried out, flummoxing immigration lawyers, government officials and travelers. Shortly before the Seattle ruling, a different federal judge, Nathaniel M. Gorton in Boston, ruled in favor of the government by declining to extend a temporary halt to the order in that jurisdiction. Judge Gorton, who was appointed to the bench by the first President George Bush, said that while the nation’s immigration history was a source of great pride and that the plaintiffs in that case  —   Iranian nationals who are academics  —   had compelling stories, “the public interest in safety and security in this ever more dangerous world is strong as well. ” But that ruling was soon rendered moot, at least for now, by the Seattle ruling. The administration has been criticized for issuing its order without any warning to refugees and visa holders who were on their way to the United States. Some arrived at airports for flights and were turned away. The president’s order allowed for exceptions in the “national interest,” but lawyers for some travelers had described getting one as a Kafkaesque exercise, with the State Department’s website warning that no emergency applications would be heard, and Customs and Border Protection agents at United States airports all but unreachable because their clients were not being allowed to board planes. “It’s quite clear it was not all that thought out,” Judge Leonie Brinkema of Federal District Court in Alexandria, Va. said in yet another court hearing held Friday. “As a result there has been chaos. ” Protests over the policy continued on Friday, including a large group that gathered in a parking lot of Kennedy International Airport in New York for the Friday Prayer. One big question surrounded the number of people who were affected by the travel ban. Besides barring refugees and other visa holders from the seven countries from entering the United States, the administration also revoked, at least temporarily, all visas from the seven countries, including those for people currently living in the United States. The revocations, which were not publicly announced but were revealed during court proceedings, meant that anyone who lost their visa would be unable to   the United States if they left. In the Virginia courtroom, spectators gasped when a lawyer for the government told Judge Brinkema, an appointee of President Bill Clinton, that more than 100, 000 visas had been revoked as part of Mr. Trump’s order. A State Department official later contradicted that number, saying that it mistakenly included diplomatic visas that were untouched by the ban as well as expired visas. The true figure was “fewer than 60, 000,” said William Cocks, a spokesman for the department’s Bureau of Consular Affairs. “To put that number in context, we issued over 11 million immigrant and nonimmigrant visas in fiscal year 2015,” he said in a statement. Because the court fights so far have centered on whether judges should impose and keep in place temporary restraining orders, the legal arguments in the last few days have centered on the government’s contention that there is “no potential irreparable harm” to justify keeping the extraordinary orders in place pending fuller briefing and arguments. But Bob Ferguson, the Washington attorney general, who opposed the Trump administration in the Seattle case, said the decision Friday “shuts down the executive order nationwide and immediately. ” “I hope the federal government will understand what they did was unconstitutional and unlawful,” he said.",0
16165,Chelsea Clinton to Receive ’Lifetime Impact Award’ from Variety Magazine,"Chelsea Clinton will receive a “Lifetime Impact Award” as one of Variety magazine’s Lifetime Impact Honorees for humanitarian work. [Variety magazine and the Lifetime television network will honor Clinton, vice chair of the Clinton Foundation, along with five other women April 18 at its annual “Women in Power” luncheon at Cipriani in midtown Manhattan, the Hill reported.  “At the heart of New York City is a vibrant community of strong women in entertainment, media, and politics whose commitment to philanthropy is inspirational,” said Michelle Sobrino Stearns, Group   Revenue Officer of Variety, in a statement released Monday. “We are delighted to be celebrating these women along with the women profiled in our annual New York Women’s Impact List with our partners at Lifetime. ” The other women being recognized at the event include CBS This Morning’s Gayle King, actresses Jessica Chastain, Blake Lively, and Audra McDonald, as well as media executive Shari Redstone. Clinton will be honored “for her work with Alliance for a Healthier Generation, which empowers kids to develop lifelong healthy habits,” according to Variety. Event organizers say more than 400 “entertainment and media insiders” are expected to attend. Saturday Night Live cast member Vanessa Bayer will host the event. The luncheon will take place just days after the Clinton Global Initiative is expected to shut down. While Clinton has stoked speculation that she will run for public office for a House or Senate seat, she has not announced a run, and sources close to her say she is not running for office.",0
16166,Globalist Media Launches Project to ’Show Human Side’ of Mass Migration,"Four globalist newspapers have teamed up to work on an 18 month project they hope will “show the human side” of mass migration to Europe. [Each of the four European newspapers, one each from France, Germany, the UK and Spain, will follow a group of migrants in their respective countries seeking to answer questions including: “Will Europe change them or will they change Europe?” Le Monde has reported.  Topics to be explored reportedly include how newcomers feel about a “rising tide of resentment that they encounter in this populist age” and which countries in Europe are “best at helping refugees settle”. During the project, entitled ‘The New Arrivals’ The Guardian says that papers will “work closely” together to report on “how Europe looks through immigrant eyes”. Both Le Monde and The Guardian say the 18 month project will look at the question of “whether European society is changing the new arrivals  —   and vice versa”. El País journalists will be looking at the daily lives of a football team of Africans who illegally entered Spain individually via methods including arriving by boat and scaling the nation’s border wall. Le Monde has chosen to follow a family of nine from South Sudan who are due to be moved to a village of just 850 people in Corrèze, France, after having lived in Israel for several years. In Germany, Der Spiegel will chronicle the lives of a large Syrian family who relocated from Damascus to Lüneburg, while The Guardian will follow a farmer from Afghanistan and his    son who are living in Luton. “We will produce a series of films about our subjects in an attempt to find out what is the best way to handle refugees, what these uprooted people value in their new homes, and whether their new neighbourhoods welcome or reject them,” writes The Guardian. Managing editor at El País, David Alandete, said that with the project his newspaper: “Aim[s] to tell [migrants’] stories: their pain, fears, wishes and projects. By following a soccer team in Spain we hope to reveal what the human side of the crisis is. ” Decrying “stereotypes and prejudices” as Bundestag elections are due to take place in Germany later this year, editor Eva Thöne added that Spiegel Online “hope[s] to find a way to combine moving stories and portraits with a differentiated view on immigration”. Funding the project is the European Journalism Centre, whose partners include several projects funded by Hungarian billionaire George Soros including the Open Society Foundations and Open Society Georgia Foundation, via a grant by the globalist Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. In January, José Manuel Sanz Mingote, director of the world’s largest   news agency EFE, said that media corporations need to collaborate in order to “combat populism”.",0
16167,How Russia Recruited Elite Hackers for Its Cyberwar - The New York Times,"MOSCOW  —   Aleksandr B. Vyarya thought his job was to defend people from cyberattacks  —   until, he says, his government approached him with a request to do the opposite. Mr. Vyarya, 33, a bearded, bespectacled computer programmer who thwarted hackers, said he was suddenly being asked to join a sweeping overhaul of the Russian military last year. Under a new doctrine, the nation’s generals were redefining war as more than a contest of steel and gunpowder, making cyberwarfare a central tenet in expanding the Kremlin’s interests. “Sorry, I can’t,” Mr. Vyarya said he told an executive at a Russian military contracting firm who had offered him the hacking job. But Mr. Vyarya was worried about the consequences of his refusal, so he abruptly fled to Finland last year, he and his former employer said. It was a rare example of a Russian who sought asylum in the face of the country’s push to recruit hackers. “This is against my principles  —   and illegal,” he said of the Russian military’s hacking effort. While much about Russia’s cyberwarfare program is shrouded in secrecy, details of the government’s effort to recruit programmers in recent years  —   whether professionals like Mr. Vyarya, college students, or even criminals  —   are shedding some light on the Kremlin’s plan to create elite teams of computer hackers. American intelligence agencies say that a team of Russian hackers stole data from the Democratic National Committee during the presidential campaign. On Thursday, the Obama administration imposed sanctions against Russia for interfering in the election, the bedrock of the American political system. The sanctions take aim at Russia’s main intelligence agencies and specific individuals, striking at one part of a sprawling cyberespionage operation that also includes the military, military contractors and teams of civilian recruits. For more than three years, rather than rely on military officers working out of isolated bunkers, Russian government recruiters have scouted a wide range of programmers, placing prominent ads on social media sites, offering jobs to college students and professional coders, and even speaking openly about looking in Russia’s criminal underworld for potential talent. Those recruits were intended to cycle through military contracting companies and newly formed units called science squadrons established on military bases around the country. As early as 2013, Sergei K. Shoigu, the Russian defense minister, told university rectors at a meeting in Moscow that he was on a “head hunt in the positive meaning of the word” for coders. The Defense Ministry bought advertising on Vkontakte, Russia’s most popular social network. One video shows a man clanging a military rifle on a table beside a laptop computer, then starting to type. “If you graduated from college, if you are a technical specialist, if you are ready to use your knowledge, we give you an opportunity,” the ad intoned. Members of the science squadrons, the video said, live in “comfortable accommodation,” shown as an apartment furnished with a washing machine. University students subject to mandatory conscription in the nation’s armed forces, but who wanted to avoid brutal stints as enlistees, could opt instead to join a science squadron. A government questionnaire asks draftees about their knowledge of programming languages. The ministry posted openings on job forums, according to an investigation by Meduza, a Russian news site based in Riga, Latvia, that first disclosed the recruitment effort. One post from 2014 advertised for a computer scientist with knowledge of “patches, vulnerabilities and exploits,” which refers to sabotage used to alter a computer. Given the size of Russia’s cybercrime underworld, it was not long before the military considered recruiting those it described as “hackers who have problems with the law. ” In an article titled “Enlisted Hacker” in Rossiiskaya Gazeta, the government newspaper, a deputy minister of defense, Gen. Oleg Ostapenko, said the science squadrons might include hackers with criminal histories. “From the point of view of using scientific potential, this is a matter for discussion,” he was quoted as saying in 2013. Experts say the strategy was more than just talk. “There have been cases where cybercriminals are arrested but never ended up in prison,” said Dmitri Alperovitch, the   and chief technology officer of CrowdStrike, the cybersecurity company that first identified the group known as Fancy Bear as the perpetrator of the Democratic National Committee hacking. Mr. Vyarya, the programmer who turned down the government’s job offer, was an attractive recruit from the opposite end of the spectrum: someone with a career protecting people against hackers. Specifically, he had experience shielding websites from a maneuver called a distributed denial of service, or DDoS attack, in which the sites are overwhelmed and disabled by a torrent of fake traffic. Among his clients were Vedomosti, an independent newspaper TV Rain, an   television station and the website of Aleksei A. Navalny, the opposition leader. Mr. Vyarya said that in 2015 he was invited to accompany Vasily Brovko, an executive at the military contracting company Rostec, on a trip to Sofia, Bulgaria. But he said it turned out to be a demonstration of a new software suite capable of staging DDoS attacks. The Bulgarian firm demonstrating the software briefly crashed the website of Ukraine’s Defense Ministry and Slon. ru, a Russian news website, Mr. Vyarya said. Slon. ru has confirmed its site went down inexplicably for about two minutes that day, Feb. 5, 2015. After the demonstration, Mr. Vyarya said Mr. Brovko asked him how the program might be improved. Then, according to Mr. Vyarya, Mr. Brovko offered him a job running the DDoS software, which he said the Russians planned to buy from the Bulgarians for about $1 million. Mr. Vyarya said his problems began when he turned down the offer: He was surveilled, and an acquaintance in law enforcement advised him to flee the country. He left in August 2015 for Finland to seek asylum, he and his former employer said. The Finnish government, citing safety and privacy concerns, would not comment on the asylum application. “As soon as we saw what was on the table, Sasha was given direct instructions to return to his hotel and stop all contacts,” said his former boss, Aleksandr V. Lyamin of Qrator, a cyberdefense company in Moscow, using Mr. Vyarya’s Russian nickname. But the overtures from the military contractor persisted, Mr. Lyamin said, and Mr. Vyarya fled. Rostec strongly denied Mr. Vyarya’s account. Mr. Brovko did travel to Bulgaria with Mr. Vyarya, the company said, but to evaluate software for defensive, not offensive, cybersystems. A spokeswoman for Mr. Brovko called the account of crashing sites in a product demonstration the imagination of a “mentally unstable” man. The military’s push into cyberwarfare had intensified in 2012, with the appointment of a new minister of defense, Mr. Shoigu. The next year, a senior defense official, Gen. Valery V. Gerasimov published what became known as the Gerasimov Doctrine. It posited that in the world today, the lines between war and peace had blurred and that covert tactics, such as working through proxies or otherwise in the shadows, would rise in importance. He called it “nonlinear war. ” His critics called it “guerrilla geopolitics. ” But Russia is certainly not alone. “Almost all developed countries in the world, unfortunately, are creating offensive capabilities, and many have confirmed this,” said Anton M. Shingarev, a vice president at Kaspersky, a Russian antivirus company. Recruitment by Russia’s military should be expected, he said. “You or I might be angry about it, but, unfortunately, it’s just reality. Many countries are doing it. This is the reality. ” American intelligence agencies, including the National Security Agency, have for decades recruited on college campuses. In 2015, the N. S. A. offered a free summer camp to 1, 400 high school and middle school students, where they were taught the basics of hacking, cracking and cyberdefense. In Russia, recruiters have looked well beyond the nation’s school system. In 2013, as Russia’s recruitment drive was picking up, Dmitry A. Artimovich, a   physicist, was awaiting trial in a Moscow jail for designing a computer program that spammed email users with advertisements for male sexual enhancement products. One day a cellmate, who had been convicted of selling narcotics online, sidled up to him with some news. The cellmate said that people incarcerated for cybercrimes could get out before trial, in exchange for working for the government. Another inmate had already taken a deal, he said. “It was an offer to cooperate,” Mr. Artimovich said. “Why else would you work for the government?” he added. “The salaries are tiny. But if you do something illegal, and go to prison for eight or nine years, the F. S. B. can help you,” he said, using a Russian abbreviation for the Federal Security Service. Mr. Artimovich said he decided to take his chances at trial, and served a year in a penal colony. As Russia ramped up its abilities, government agencies were also in the market for surveillance and hacking software, including some from legal suppliers in the West. In 2014, a Russian company called Advanced Monitoring that has a license to work with the F. S. B. the agency that succeeded the K. G. B. after the fall of the Soviet Union, bought iPhone hacking software from an Italian company called Hacking Team, according to invoices published by WikiLeaks. Hacking Team has since lost its export license. Western cybersecurity analysts believe they have identified the one responsible for the breaching the Democratic National Committee: a group nicknamed Fancy Bear. First known as Advanced Persistent Threat 28, the group has been active since 2007 but its abilities evolved to emphasize attacks, rather than gather intelligence, after the military placed a priority on cyberwarfare. It stepped up “faketivist” actions that released stolen data through contrived online personalities like Guccifer 2 and websites like DCLeaks, according to Kyle Ehmke, a senior intelligence researcher at ThreatConnect, a cybersecurity company. The group had been called Pawn Storm, named for a chess maneuver. It was nicknamed Fancy Bear in 2014. This year, the group appropriated the nickname for its own use, setting up the website fancybear. net and publishing hacked data from the World   Agency, which showed that many American athletes, including the American tennis star Serena Williams, had medical exemptions to take banned substances. The hacking was apparently in retaliation for revelations of Russian doping in sports. President Vladimir V. Putin has said repeatedly, most recently at his annual   news conference, that the information released in the recent hacking of the Democratic National Committee was more important than who was behind them. “The main thing, to my mind, is the information the hackers provided,” Mr. Putin said of this summer’s cyberattack. Democratic Party members and the Obama administration should not look abroad for someone to blame for losing the election, Mr. Putin said. “You need to learn how to lose gracefully,” he said.",0
16168,Border Patrol Agents Arrest Smuggler After Rollover Crash,"Border Patrol agents from the Yuma and El Centro Sectors teamed up to arrest a human smuggler. The suspect fled and eventually crashed —  rolling the vehicle and injuring his passengers. [At about 4:25 a. m. on January 16, the agents observed six illegal aliens scale the international boundary fence located by a   plant in southern California, information obtained by Breitbart Texas from U. S. Customs and Border Protection officials revealed. The illegal entry was detected and witnessed by agents utilizing a monitoring camera system. The six migrants climbed into a white Acura Integra alongside Interstate 8.  The responding agents observed the suspected smuggler driving eastbound on the interstate. The driver of the white Acura suddenly took the Greys Well exit and abruptly   under an overpass. One of the agents from the Yuma Sector attempted to stop the Acura. The driver failed to yield and sped off. The agents from the Yuma Sector and the Calexico Stations eventually lost sight of the suspect’s vehicle. A continued search revealed the suspect had lost control of his car and rolled over. While the driver of the Acura refused medical attention, the six illegal aliens were transported to an area hospital. The migrants sustained minor,   threatening injuries. The driver, a U. S. citizen, was arrested and could face prosecution for human smuggling. The six illegal immigrants were turned over to the Yuma Sector agents. They will be processed according to the guidelines of the Yuma Sector, CBP officials stated. While the illegal aliens were able to scale the fence near the   plant, technology enabled agents respond tactically. The use of fencing and camera technology enables agents to more efficiently be dispatched to actual illegal border crossings and drug smuggling incidents. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
16169,Bayer Forced to Stop Advertising That Neonics Give Plants “A Daily Vitamin”,"By Heather Callaghan, Editor Despite the public ire growing against monolithic chemcial corporations like Bayer; the chemical and seed companies are merging to become an even bigger force of... ",0
16170,David’s Ankles: How Imperfections Could Bring Down the World’s Most Perfect Statue - The New York Times,"Last summer, early in the morning, I stood out in the main square of Florence to watch the tourists come in. It was quiet. A   street cleaner drove its rounds, leaving wet circles on the paving stones. A vendor unpacked   souvenirs from the back of his white van. When the crowds began to arrive  —   tour groups from Japan, China, Germany, Spain  —   they seemed less like people than like weather. They surged into the square, pooling and drifting. They clicked selfies in front of the statues. A small herd of Segways rolled past, one rider singing fake opera at the top of his lungs. I watched a tour group from Arizona (clearly identifiable by their neck badges) approach the white figure of Michelangelo’s David, towering on a pedestal in front of City Hall. One of the tourists pointed to it and said, in a tone of amused contempt: “It’s the most famous statue in the world, and they just leave it outside. No big deal  —   just hose off the pigeon crap. ” The implication was clear: Italy was a backward country, incapable of protecting its cultural treasures. To be fair, the tourist was not the first person to make this accusation. In his history “The Italians,” Luigi Barzini writes that one of the basic pleasures Italy reliably provides for visitors is “that of feeling morally superior to the natives. ” I sometimes felt this pleasure myself. The inefficiency of the Italian bureaucracy, whether selling you a postage stamp or fixing a street, was often marvelous to behold. And indeed, the statue the man was pointing at had obviously suffered from standing outside: The marble was striped with dirt. But the tourist was, in one very important respect, wrong. He was pointing not at the actual David but at a   marble replica. Michelangelo’s real statue did once stand in this spot, but it was moved, for its own protection, 143 years ago. The original is now in a museum across town, shielded from the elements, perfectly safe. Or at least that’s how we like to think of it. We are conditioned to believe that art is safe, beyond the reach of the grimy world. We don’t hang the Mona Lisa next to an archery range. We put her in a fortress: walls, checkpoints, lasers, guards, bulletproof glass. There are scholars, textbooks, posters  —   a whole collective mythology suggesting that the work will live forever. But safety is largely an illusion, and permanence a fiction. Empires hemorrhage wealth, bombs fall on cities, religious radicals decimate ancient temples. Destruction happens in any number of ways, for any number of reasons, at any number of speeds  —   and it will happen, and no amount of reverence will stop it. Few humans on earth know this melancholy truth better than the citizens of Florence. They are born into a profound intimacy with decay. The city was the epicenter of the Renaissance  —   home to such   superheroes as Giotto, Brunelleschi, Donatello, Cellini and Leonardo da Vinci  —   and the relics of that period have been under siege, more or less constantly, ever since. In 1497, the fanatical monk Savonarola sent his followers door to door to gather the city’s nonreligious art, books, clothing, musical instruments, then piled it all 50 feet high in the central square and set it on fire: the infamous Bonfire of the Vanities. (The spectacle was such a success that he repeated it the following year.) In 1895, earthquakes shook Florence so hard that citizens, fearing aftershocks, spent the night sleeping out in the streets. The 20th century brought Nazis and Mafia car bombs. This November will mark the 50th anniversary of the great Florentine flood of 1966, an inundation that overtook much of the city center, killing dozens of people and destroying old masterpieces. Today, the perpetual engine of Florentine destruction seems only to be getting bolder. Its latest target is its most ambitious yet: the mascot of the Renaissance, shining ideal of the human form, one of the most celebrated artworks in this or any other city  —   Michelangelo’s David. The trouble is the David’s ankles. They are cracked. Italians first discovered this weakness back in the 19th century, and modern scientists have mapped the cracks extensively, but until recently no one claimed to know just how enfeebled the ankles might be. This changed in 2014, when a team of Italian geoscientists published a paper called “Modeling the Failure Mechanisms of Michelangelo’s David Through   Centrifuge Experiments. ” That dry title concealed a terrifying story. The paper describes an experiment designed to measure, in a novel way, the weakness in the David’s ankles: by creating a small army of tiny David replicas and spinning them in a centrifuge, at various angles, to simulate different levels of   stress. What the researchers found was grim. If the David were to be tilted 15 degrees, his ankles would fail. The seed of the problem is a tiny imperfection in the statue’s design. The center of gravity in the base doesn’t align with the center of gravity in the figure itself when the base is level, in other words, the David’s body is slightly  . There is, as the article nicely puts it, “an eccentricity of the loads. ” This places extra pressure on the David’s narrowest part: his ankles. As long as the statue is perfectly upright, the eccentricity of the loads is tolerable. But there is very little margin for error. If you tilt the base even slightly, the stress on the ankles sharply increases. Now it just so happens that, for a very long time, before he was moved into his protective museum, the David was leaning slightly. No one is sure exactly why. He stood, for more than 300 years, in the spot where I saw the tourist from Arizona scoff at the dirty replica. Popular legend says the lean was caused by a thunderclap in 1511, part of a violent storm that Florentines interpreted as a bad political omen, but more likely it was a result of the ground shifting slightly, for regular   reasons  —   something like the force that tilts the famous tower of Pisa or the one that sucks constantly at the city of Venice. For several hundred years, the David leaned at an angle of several degrees. That doesn’t sound like much, but when you’re dealing with six tons bearing down every second of every minute of every day of every year of every century, it is plenty. Hairline fractures worked their way slowly through the stone. The right leg is significantly worse than the left. As the tilt of the statue increases, the stress will move higher and higher up that leg, until  —   at the moment of failure  —   it will break off just below the knee. But what would make the David tilt? The big fear is tremors, tremors of all kinds: traffic rumbling, the nearby construction of a   train tunnel, the steady concussion of tourists’ feet and  —   most of all  —   earthquakes. Florence sits near several active fault lines, and every so often the city takes a seismic hit. In December 2014, a rash of 250 earthquakes rattled the countryside around Florence. Most were minor, and none hit the city directly, but still  —   Florentines could feel the motion. My mind could not stop imagining it. An earthquake hits the center of Florence. Liquid waves roll under the rigid city: The church bells ring out of time, terra cotta tiles rain down from the Renaissance rooftops, priceless paintings rattle off the walls of the Uffizi. Meanwhile, inside the Accademia Gallery, the David’s pedestal begins to tilt. Slightly at first, just enough to shift the statue’s gaze, so that he looks not at his old enemy anymore  —   the implied Goliath off in the distance  —   but at a new one: the floor he’s been standing on for 134 years. As the ground continues to roll, the David’s tilt accelerates. Five degrees, six degrees, seven, eight, nine. Gravity begins to act not just on the top of the David’s head but on his back, pushing him forward. Ten degrees, 11, 12. Finally, the compromised ankles reach their angle of maximum stress. They begin to slide along the old microfracture faults  —   an earthquake within the earthquake  —   and the David’s legs and ankles are crushed by the weight of the body above. He begins to truly fall. The first thing to hit the floor is his bent left elbow, the arm that holds the heroic sling, and it bursts along the lines of its previous breaks, old scars left over from an incident in the 16th century involving an unruly mob and a bench. Then the rest of the marble will meet the floor, and the physics from there will be fast and simple: force, resistance, the brittleness of calcite crystals, the shearing of microscopic grains along the axes on which they align. Michelangelo’s David will explode. When I first saw the David in person, the only word that came to mind was “perfect. ” Why hadn’t anyone ever told me he was perfect? I was 20 years old, exhausted, unwashed, traveling for the first time ever, ignorant of almost everything worth knowing. “Perfect,” I know now, is not a terribly original response to the statue, nor a very precise one, but in that moment it filled my mind. It felt like a revolution  —   urgent, deep, vital, true. Standing in front of the David was, by far, the most powerful experience I had ever had with a work of art. The statue is gigantic: 17 feet tall, three times the size of an actual man, the height of a mature giraffe  —   another fact that no one had ever told me. I had always assumed, based on the images, that the David was  . To find otherwise seemed like a category error, like arriving at the Taj Mahal to discover that it is actually the size of a walnut. There was an existential snap in my brain, a sudden adjustment of the relative values and proportions of every other object in the world, including me. He towered over me in his iconic pose: back foot flat, front foot tipped, shoulders cocked, left arm raised to hold the sling, huge right hand hanging down by his side, head turned fiercely toward the glorious future. He was a giant marble god, except he wasn’t a god he was a man, but then of course he wasn’t really a man either he was white stone  —   but the stone looked somehow soft, like flesh, and the   marble curved and rippled into muscles and veins, tiny and large, subtle and blunt, each feature easing inevitably into the next, all the way around. My eye kept roaming, looking for imperfections, not finding any. My mind ran in silly loops. The only word it would settle on, again and again, was “perfect. ” I stood there in my filthy Birkenstocks feeling a sense of religious transcendental soaring: the promise that my true self was not bound by the constraints of my childhood  —   by freeway exits, office parks,   programs,   laundry rooms at dingy apartment complexes, vineyards plowed under and converted into Walmarts, instability, change, dead dogs, divorce. No. The David suggested that my true self existed most fully in some interstellar superhistorical realm in which all the ideal things of the universe commingled in a perpetual ecstasy of harmonizing trumpet blasts. If such perfection could exist in the world, I felt, then so many other things were suddenly possible: to live a perfect life creating perfect things, to find an ideal way to be. What was the point of anything less? Again, I was 20. My girlfriend and I were in the middle of a     grand tour of Europe. We slept every night in teeming hostels, ate meat with our hands in public parks, frightened people with our terrible German. But it was all worth it for moments like this  —   moments in which I could truly believe that perfection was real, as real as a train station a few hours away, and that my life was heading toward it. A huge crowd swarmed around the David, gawking and chatting, but I hardly noticed them. My girlfriend and I stood in the museum for an extremely long time, until the crowds began to thin. Eventually we left and moved on to another museum, another city, and then we went home and  —   as the years rolled up their sleeves and marched Americanly by  —   we got married, had children, found jobs. I fantasized about perfection while crashing, again and again, into what I discovered were the extremely solid walls of my own limitations. Just on the other side of those walls, I knew, stood the David on his special pedestal: an impossible destination that I was nevertheless determined to reach. But the meeting between my head and that wall began to take up more and more of my attention, and after a while I started to wonder if the perfection on the other side actually existed, if there had ever really been anything there to begin with. The David began, in 1464, with a mistake. Several mistakes, actually. In fact, so many mistakes, and such serious ones, that the whole project seemed to be ruined from the start. The source and precise extent of the mistakes have been disputed over the centuries, but what we know for sure is that none of the mistakes were Michelangelo’s fault, because he wasn’t born yet. The block that would become the David was cut out of the mountains 11 years before its eventual sculptor’s birth. The first mistake was the stone itself. The   community in and around Carrara was, and remains today, practically a sovereign nation, with its own dialect and politics and lore and hierarchies of technical expertise. Michelangelo was a native of the quarrying world, fluent in its ways, but the sculptor who chose the block, Agostino di Duccio, was largely ignorant of them. He had been selected by one of Florence’s most influential groups, the Wool Guild, to carve a monumental marble statue of the biblical David. It would sit high on the edge of the city’s great cathedral, the Duomo, to serve as a show of strength, an artistic boast and a warning to the city’s enemies. But Agostino was in over his head. He had no experience carving marble on this scale  —   nobody alive did. The block he chose was huge but flawed. The power of marble, after all, is supposed to be in its perfection: a pure white chunk cut, at almost impossible expense, out of the dirty, ragged mountains. But this slab was marred by little holes, discolored by veins. It was not only Agostino di Duccio who was overmatched  —   the quarriers were, too. The block was 18 feet tall and something like 25, 000 pounds. No one had harvested a stone this large in close to 1, 000 years. The whole process was one ordeal after another. Because statuary marble tends to form up near the tops of mountains, it took months of labor to get it down to the quarry floor. The trip from Carrara to Florence  —   an   journey that takes around two hours in a modern car  —   took two more arduous years. There were teams of men, teams of oxen, big ocean ships, flat river barges, inclement weather, monthslong delays. At one point, the giant block fell into a muddy ditch and had to be laboriously extracted. One scholar has speculated that this accident caused the cracks that now plague the ankles. When the block finally arrived in Florence, it was greeted as a wonder. Its size, to the public, would have been more apparent than its imperfections. It was deposited in a courtyard behind the cathedral  —   a huge white apparition in the middle of the small brown city. People came from all over just to stare. City leaders went to inspect the block, and they were dismayed. It had not only been badly chosen it had also been badly carved. Agostino, as was traditional, had “roughed out” the block at the quarry  —   a quick whittling down to leave only what was necessary for the eventual statue. In doing so, however, he had compounded his previous mistake. The block had been strangely narrow to begin with, and Agostino had made it even narrower. He created an awkward hole in its middle. It was hard to see how this stone was ever going to become a plausible human form. Some believed that it was ruined, that the city’s investment was already lost. Agostino was fired. The block was abandoned. It sat there, on its side, getting rained on, hailed on, fouled by birds, for more than 30 years. After a while, it became a fixed part of the landscape of Florence. People and buildings changed all around it, regimes rose and fell, but the monumental block never moved. Residents began to call it, with some mixture of respect and mockery, “the Giant. ” I didn’t get back to Florence, after my initial visit, for nearly 20 years. When I did finally return, it was as an adult man on the brink of middle age. I was not quite 40 but felt, in many ways, older. My hair, once as heroically thick as the David’s, had begun to thin visibly, and I felt sad about this, and I also considered my sadness to be its own failure, because I wanted to be the kind of person who didn’t care about superficial,   things. Every morning, when I stepped out of bed, my joints hurt, especially my ankles, which a doctor had recently diagnosed with arthritis  —   they were 20 years older than the rest of me, he said. My youthful pursuit of   perfection had gone, shall we say, not terribly well. I had turned out to be a strange person, not anything like an ideal. My life was littered with awkwardnesses, estrangements, mutual disillusionments, abandoned projects. Recently, I had begun to notice an odd tic in my interpersonal style  —   a problem with my gaze. I would be speaking with someone, a friend or a shopkeeper, all very normally (how are you good thanks how are you how’s your summer) and then, for no discernible reason, my eyes would dart away from my interlocutor, urgently, right over one of his or her shoulders, and the shift would be so sudden that the person would whip his or her head around to see what on earth I was looking at  —   a policeman or an exotic bird or a runaway train  —   but it would turn out that there was nothing there at all. My gaze had been flicked away by a little spasm of social discomfort. And so the person would look back at me, confused, and I would manage to hold his or her gaze for another few seconds until the social energy built back up between us to an intolerable level, at which point I would suddenly break the circuit again by looking away  —   and the person would look, one more time, back over his or her shoulder to confirm that nothing was there, and then our relationship would be altered forever. Perfection, it turns out, is no way to try to live. It is a child’s idea, a cartoon  —   this desire not to be merely good, not to do merely well, but to be faultless, to transcend everything, including the limits of yourself. It is less heroic than neurotic, and it doesn’t take much analysis to get to its ugly side: a lust for control, pseudofascist purity,  . Perfection makes you flinch at yourself, flinch at the world, flinch at any contact between the two. Soon what you want, above all, is escape: to be gone, elsewhere, annihilated. By the time I returned to Florence, I had grown accustomed to spending solid weeks in a state of high anxiety  —   my hands would turn freezing, like a corpse, and I would sit at my desk wishing I could cry, and my wife would tell me, with increasing urgency, that she was afraid I was going to have a heart attack. Eventually, after many years of this, I was prescribed a daily pill intended to stabilize an imbalance in my brain chemistry, and this solution has worked, more or less. Yet I am still plagued by this eccentricity of the loads: an impossible tension between the fantasies in my head and the realities on the ground. And so, on my bad ankles and with my broken gaze, I returned to see the David. Things in Florence seemed essentially the same. Crowds still waited for hours in the brutal heat to enter the churchlike museum. Inside, the David stood exactly as I last saw him. I experienced the same moment of revelation: the sudden improbability of his size, his excellence. He still dominated the space, still held the light on his impossibly subtle musculature. In fact, he was looking better than ever, because in the intervening years he had been cleaned, millimeter by millimeter, at great expense and with some controversy  —   the grit and dust of 500 years scrubbed off. The marble seemed to glow. Once again, my brain reached for the word “perfect. ” But “perfect” no longer seemed adequate. Although I couldn’t see the cracks inside the David’s ankles and legs, I knew they were there. I knew other things too: that the marble of his face was pocked with holes, for instance, which restorers had filled in, and that he was missing a small chip of stone from one of his lower eyelids, and that his right little toe had been lost multiple times, and that a crazy man had taken a hammer to his left foot in 1991. Although the David’s maladies were mostly patched up over the centuries, you could still see all the scars. In the year 1501, amid fresh political spasms, the leaders of Florence decided to rehabilitate the Giant. But who could possibly save it? There was some talk of giving the project to Leonardo da Vinci, the city’s (and Europe’s) reigning genius. But Leonardo was an intellectual, nearly 50 years old, who openly disdained the process of sculpture  —   that sweaty blunt hacking at stone. In the end, the commission went to a less famous Florentine, Michelangelo Buonarroti, a    eccentric who had just made his reputation in Rome by carving a marble Pietà for St. Peter’s  —   a statue of astonishing grace and maturity and polish. Michelangelo hurried home to take the commission. The first step had been to stand the Giant up. This, in itself, was a production. Once again, all of Florence came out to watch. The block had been sitting there for 35 years, almost the entire life expectancy of a   human, and it was now in worse shape than ever. Marble is best to carve when it is freshly cut from the mountain. The longer it sits out, the more brittle it becomes. The Giant was now thoroughly “cooked,” in the local parlance  —   dried out by decades of sun. Some people said it was beyond salvaging. Many wanted to attach extra marble blocks to it. They said it would be impossible to get a proper figure out of the misshapen mess that was left. This would become one of the feats that would elevate Michelangelo to mythic status: that he not only salvaged the ruined block but also turned it into a masterpiece. As the Renaissance art historian Giorgio Vasari put it: “And truly it was a miracle on the part of Michelangelo to restore to life a thing that was dead. ” The miracle took some time. First, Michelangelo decided that he needed to carve the David in private, so workers came and built a roofless shed around the Giant. For many months, inside his shed, Michelangelo toiled away unseen, using a series of finer and finer chisels in an attempt to rescue every centimeter of the stone. He was a savant of marble, so he would have understood everything about the block, all of its grains and flaws and possibilities. The figure of the David began to emerge little by little, as A. Victor Coonin puts it in his definitive recent history of the statue, “From Marble to Flesh,” “like a person being slowly revealed as water drains from a bath. ” When the shed was finally opened for a public viewing, in the summer of 1503, the David really must have seemed like a miracle. The dirty old cooked Giant had become a smooth, enormous, naked man, paused just on the brink of heroic motion. The young sculptor had not run from the odd dimensions of the block he embraced them, turning them into his figure’s signature elements. The block’s narrowness yielded the lean, twisting body (as opposed to an overmuscled superman) with its huge head and hands. Michelangelo gave the David a grotesquely furrowed brow  —   a shelf of a forehead closer to a Neanderthal’s than a modern human’s  —   because he knew that anything more “realistic” would fail to scan for a viewer on the ground. The figure was unreal but real, stylized but natural. It would come to define the city. A debate raged over where to put the David. The statue was so powerful, so impressive, that it seemed a waste (and perhaps even impossible, engineeringwise) to install it in its intended destination, way up on the cathedral. Instead, after rounds of conferences among the Florentine intelligentsia, it was decided that the sculpture would be installed in the city’s central square, the Piazza della Signoria, where everyone could see it. A special machine had to be invented to move it: a huge wooden frame inside of which the David was suspended in a net of ropes, rocking gently, as a crew of men rolled it across the city on greased beams. At night, it had to be protected by armed guards from rowdy kids who were throwing rocks at it. The David’s journey took four days, at the end of which it was installed, to much fanfare, out in the public square. It would stand in that same spot for the next 369 years, a period during which it would be shaken by thunder, hit by carts and smeared with bird feces. In 1527, a riotous mob tried to storm City Hall, and another mob, in defense of the public order, threw heavy objects out the windows: stones, tiles, furniture. A bench hit the David, breaking his left arm in half. Michelangelo went off to Rome, where he painted the Sistine Chapel designed the dome of St. Peter’s Basilica, at the time the largest in the history of the world and eventually died, wealthy and famous beyond measure, at age 88. He would never see his David again. The Giant continued its slow decline. Although the broken arm was eventually mended and reattached, the statue remained outside, exposed to rain, ice, hail, wind and vandals. Its surface began to visibly degrade. In the 19th century, the statue’s restorers tended only to make things worse  —   they used wax, which discolored the marble, and acid, which ate at its surface. Before long, the David needed restoring from his restoration. A broken rain gutter on the Palazzo Vecchio poured torrents of water directly onto the statue. Concerned citizens began to agitate for him to be moved indoors. They built a protective wooden shed over him, isolating him in a bubble of safety. This brought the public life of the David full circle. He was carved in a shed he was hidden in a shed. Eventually, the statue’s protectors were able to move him, on train tracks laid laboriously across Florence, to a   room in the Accademia. But the room still wasn’t finished, so the David sat inside a crate for years, growing colonies of microorganisms like a huge piece of cheese. The Accademia attracts well over a million visitors a year, and they all end up in one room: the David’s rotunda. I stood there, in the summer of 2015, watching the crowd watch the David. The air in the room was perfectly still. The tourists fanned themselves with maps of Florence. Guides, speaking directly into their followers’ ears via   microphones, led large groups into the center of the crowd like battalions into battle. I watched a woman take a short nap while leaning against a stone column. A couple from Holland sat down next to me and fired streams of Dutch at each other, the only word of which I could make out was the English “ . ” Most of all, people took pictures. For almost its entire history, the Accademia has been a strict   zone, but the rise of smartphones made that impossible, and now the phones have taken over. Tourists spend their time in front of the   David poking a   version of him on their touch screens. I witnessed the execution of many, many selfies: the jockeying for a proper angle, the sudden   smile, the brisk walk away. (There always seemed to be something furtive, something almost criminal, about a selfie.) Often, through a trick of perspective, the  ’s own head would appear on the screen twice as big as the David. The most popular target for photographers was the David’s genitals. People were obsessed with them. I watched a very American man (Tommy Hilfiger shirt, Oakley sunglasses, BMW baseball hat) pretend to cup the statue’s testicles while his wife took his picture  —   and then his wife pretended to cup the David’s testicles while he took her picture. Two women posed for a photo pretending to hold the David’s penis simultaneously, as if it were a trophy fish. A serious man   his iPhone camera, with delicate precision, on the David’s foreskin. At the back of the crowd, I found the David’s security guard. He sat sideways on a folding chair, chin in hand, a model of relaxed uninterest he seemed to watch the room without even looking. When he spoke, his mustache moved over a mouth that was missing several teeth. He was a native Florentine, and he told me stories about crazy tourists (weeping, thongs) and about the great flood of 1966, in which his family’s house was underwater up to the second floor. I asked him if, after all this time, he had any personal feeling of awe left for the David. He said he did not. “If you eat chocolate every day for 20 years,” he said, “you will get bored of it. ” If looking at Michelangelo’s David is the equivalent of eating chocolate, then walking the streets of Florence is like drowning in Willy Wonka’s gushing chocolate river. The image of the David is everywhere. There are bookmarks, mouse pads,   posters, watches, key chains, mugs, ballpoint pens, commemorative plates, pie servers, snow globes, sugar spoons, USB sticks and Christmas ornaments. There are leather shops and pizzerias and even parking garages named after him. Tourists can buy aprons that make them look as if they have the David’s body: the lean, muscular torso, the naked little penis. And then there are the statuettes: a vast army of miniature imitation Davids that stand in shop windows and on hawkers’ carts in all the famous piazzas. Near the Accademia I found a store called, in English, “David Shop. ” It was a   bonanza, more Davids than I have ever seen in one place before. The smallest was the size of my pinkie, the biggest slightly taller than an average Italian woman. I bought a postcard that was also a jigsaw puzzle featuring the David’s penis wearing sunglasses and saying “Ciao!” Next to the Duomo, for an exorbitant price, I bought a bobblehead David his giant head, attached by a spring, waggled ridiculously as I walked. He waggled past many other versions of himself  —   hundreds, thousands, infinity Davids. From a distance, many of the replicas looked acceptably   but up close most of them were laughably bad. The replicas are like a systematic exploration of all the possible ways to distort Michelangelo’s design. Their faces are squashed, their heads are flat, their noses are pointed, they look like goblins. Some of them seem to have breasts. Others have rib cages jutting out in high relief, like cartoons of shipwreck survivors. One   David stood several feet tall and cost more than $200  —   a serious investment that would have taken up major space in any buyer’s home. Its face looked like a   emaciated elf’s. Its muscles were lumpy and gnarled. Its feet were long and bony, like the feet of an ancient witch in a fairy tale. Its hair looked like a pile of spaghetti. It seemed more a parody of the David than a tribute. In the Accademia gift shop, I bought a sticker that read, simply, “DAVID MANIA. ” This, I decided, was the epitome of David souvenirs  —   a tribute not to the actual David but to our mass enthusiasm for him. Sometimes, when I found myself fed up with Florence and its crowds, overwhelmed by the kitsch, the heat, the vendors, the constant eruptions of Renaissance cosplay, my walks took me across the river, away from the old bridge, toward a plain yellow building with a stationery shop on its ground floor. Twenty feet up, where no one ever seemed to look, was a small historical plaque identifying it as the temporary home of the great Russian novelist Fyodor Dostoyevsky. This is where he agonized over the writing of his novel “The Idiot,” which I was rereading. Dostoyevsky was, in many ways, the  : ugly, short, hairy, awkward, nervous, ill, angry, a prophet of spite and  . I found him incredibly inspiring. He spoke to me beyond the kitsch, above the crowds, from the other side of my old simplistic understanding of the David. He gestured toward something more complex, more inclusive, more sustainable. Dostoyevsky moved to Florence with his wife in 1868, during a miserable swing through Europe, and he detested the city at times with a degree of comic loathing that only he could have mustered for such a beautiful place. He complained about the humidity, the rain, the crowds, the heat. He never learned Italian, preferring to sit in his room, alone, wrestling with his novel. He stayed, for nearly a year, only because he was too poor to leave  —   he had compulsively blown much of his money at the roulette tables of Europe. As I looked at the David, I thought about “The Idiot,” and as I read “The Idiot,” I thought about the David. They existed at opposite poles, and yet they also spoke deeply to each other. “The Idiot” was Dostoyevsky’s attempt to create an ideal man, a modern Christ  —   what he called “a completely beautiful human being. ” He was forced to try to write this perfect book, however, in humiliatingly imperfect conditions: isolated far from home, in intense poverty and grief  —   the Dostoyevskys’ young daughter had died just months earlier  —   and delayed by fits of epilepsy. Up in his cramped apartment above the paper store, Dostoyevsky flogged his unruly book. “The Idiot” is full of wild crowds bursting into rooms out of nowhere. Its plot is strange, lurching, unbalanced. Its hero is seen by everyone as a fool, and his presence seems to cause trouble wherever he goes. The book is, in both theme and execution, one of the great artistic statements of the impossibility of human perfection. Rereading it during the visit to Florence made me feel, somehow, spiritually itchy. Unlike Michelangelo, Dostoyevsky was missing from the official lore of the city  —   you couldn’t buy postcards bearing his image or visit a museum devoted to his life and work. This made him even more of a refuge, a small secret I shared with no one. One afternoon I walked into a part of the Accademia that most people never see, down a labyrinth of staircases and hallways, to a small office tucked into the very back of the building. This belonged to Angelo Tartuferi, director of the museum  —   the official protector of the David. The walls were hung with medieval paintings. Tartuferi wore a green Umbro polo shirt. He was relaxed, animated, candid he spoke in long streams of Italian punctuated occasionally by roars of laughter. We talked about the David’s cracked ankles, a topic with which Tartuferi was very familiar. I asked him about the geoscientists’ terrifying paper. He rolled his eyes. It was, he said, mainly a publicity grab: We have known about these cracks for more than 100 years, he pointed out, and they aren’t getting any worse. The David is now perfectly upright, and he is one of the most closely monitored artworks in the world. There are maps not only of the cracks themselves but also of every stain and blemish on the surface of the marble, of every repair that has ever been made, even of the patterns in which dust tends to fall. Visitors to the Accademia will notice a large, inelegant plastic brick mounted behind the David to monitor all of its vital signs: temperature, motion, angle of inclination. It is labeled “SMARTBRICK. New. Fast. Easy. Smart. ” Tartuferi conceded, however, that he was still worried about an earthquake. Sometimes he had bad dreams. All of that   monitoring can only warn us  —   it can’t protect anything. And while it seems to be true that the cracks aren’t getting worse, they are not getting better either. As long as they exist, the David will be vulnerable. What, then, is to be done? In fact, a relatively simple solution to the ankle problem already exists. Although we can’t fix the cracks, we can mitigate the stress that makes them dangerous. There is a special kind of antiseismic base that allows a marble statue to move along with any tectonic disturbance. It’s similar to the kind of technology you’d find under buildings in San Francisco. Many less illustrious statues in earthquake zones are already protected by such bases. They are not terribly complex and, considering the potential consequences of leaving it undone, not terribly expensive: about 250, 000 euros, according to Tartuferi, a tiny fraction of the revenues the David earns the museum in a single year. In 2014, after the earthquakes rocked the countryside around Florence, after the global media fretted about the possible destruction of the David, Italy’s minister of culture said that an antiseismic base would be installed under the statue within a year. But a year passed, and nothing happened. When I arrived in the summer of 2015  —   six months after that statement  —   I   to find men in hard hats working around the David’s pedestal. Instead, there were only the usual tourists. The David, meanwhile, stood there in his old precarious rigidity, vulnerable as ever to the tremors. I asked Tartuferi what was happening with the antiseismic base. The delay was only bureaucratic, he said. He had met, long ago, with a company that did this sort of stabilizing work. Tartuferi had told the Italian press that the job was underway. The base could, hypothetically, go in at any moment. But the Italian government, Tartuferi said, refused to allow him to install the base. The nation was in the middle of an elaborate restructuring of its museum system, and it was planning to put new leaders  —   some of whom would be known as “supermanagers”  —   into Florence’s   (and therefore most lucrative) museums. This made Tartuferi a   director, and the Italian government was not going to allow him, on his way out the door, to execute a project as important as saving the David. Italy, in the midst of its own economic collapse, wanted to be the hero that stepped forward to save the David from collapsing. The problem was that no one could say exactly when this power transfer might occur, and  —   even after it did  —   if and when the base would be installed. When Tartuferi departed, he told me, he was planning to pass the project of the antiseismic base off to his successor. This, he said, is what the new director would have to deal with first. Meanwhile, every day, the David would remain at risk. In fact, Tartuferi told me, the   monitoring device on the back of the David’s pedestal, the smart brick, had recently been turned off. There was no point in monitoring anymore, he said  —   everyone knew what needed to be done. Now they just needed to do it. Tartuferi was not the only one who told me a story like this. I met with a woman named Contessa Simonetta Brandolini d’Adda, one of the most powerful figures in Florence’s art world. Eighteen years ago, the contessa founded a nonprofit organization called Friends of Florence, which has financed and overseen the restoration of many of the city’s endangered masterpieces, from sculptures in the central square to Botticelli oil paintings in the Uffizi to   Mannerist frescoes in a popular local church. The organization fills a crucial lack in Italy, helping to make up for the increasingly   government’s inability to take proper care of its decaying cultural heritage. In 2004, Friends of Florence raised half a million dollars to help fund the cleaning and restoration of the David, and they continue to pay for the statue’s regular monitoring and upkeep. A family of spiders, Brandolini told me, had been discovered living in the giant caverns of the David’s hair. Every few months they covered his body with dusty webs that needed to be vacuumed off. Friends of Florence would dearly love to raise the funds to pay for the David’s antiseismic base. But the Italian government, again and again, has insisted that the state will take care of it. It seemed they believed that an outside organization rescuing the David would be improper. She was an   and practical woman, but while relating this to me, she grew visibly frustrated. There was simply nothing she could do against the overwhelming force of official Italian national pride. Destruction takes many forms, not just the sudden apocalyptic crash or the   degradation of rain and ice and wind. There is death by inaction, death by neglect. There is also death by reverence, death by ubiquity, death by subtle   humiliation. The David’s superfame struck me as another eccentricity of the loads: the tension between the actual statue  —   the original physical thing, unique in the world  —   and the statue’s ubiquitous image. The thing itself was hopelessly outnumbered by its own reproductions. We knew the David so well, and our own knowledge of our knowledge of that image, that we could hardly see the David at all. There was a part of me  —   a part I never mentioned to the museum directors or the contessa or anyone else in Florence  —   that was titillated by the possibility of the David falling over. It was a perverse, adolescent, iconoclastic streak, a dark troll that lived under the otherwise    serviceable bridge of my conscious mind. It was something like what Freud called the death drive: an urge toward failure and collapse, especially of the things we want most in life. If perfection in life truly isn’t possible, croaked my troll  —   and it isn’t! It isn’t!  —   then perhaps we should move on to the relative perfection of destruction. My inner troll worshiped not the David but the cracks in the David’s ankles. They were, as a fatal flaw, so deliciously humiliating  —   such a perfectly ironic undercutting of the statue’s otherwise heroic stature. The David’s destiny, said my troll, was not to stand but to break. This put me in mind, once again, of Dostoyevsky  —   the grumpy outcast seething in Florence, the  . My troll could easily have been one of his characters. It could have been the splenetic narrator of “Notes From Underground,” who recoils against the notion of rational utopia, of the perfectibility of mankind: “Two times two is four is no longer life, gentlemen, but the beginning of death. ” The real power of Dostoyevsky’s work, though, is that despite all the misery his characters endure, his vision is not actually miserable. It is redemptive, celebratory, powerfully totalizing. Humans are compulsive, irrational and petty, yes, but they are also selfless, intelligent and idealistic. In Dostoyevsky, there is a radical acceptance that strikes me as, in its own way, a new, more perfect vision of perfection: an envelope of understanding that can hold the entire universe. I began to think of the David not as a traditional hero but as a Dostoyevsky character. Like the Idiot, he was an ideal man with no real place in the world  —   misunderstood, assaulted by crowds, drawn into all sorts of unheroic shenanigans. There was, God knows, much that was insane about our relationship to the statue: the compulsive selfies, the inertia of the Italian bureaucracy, the DAVID MANIA. But as a character in “The Idiot” puts it: “To attain perfection, one must first of all be able not to understand many things. ” As I walked around Florence, I was exposed to hundreds and thousands of horrible David replicas. At a certain point, I began to actually love them. They were so awkward, so bad and so numerous, that they were, in the aggregate, somehow good  —   a perfect tribute to Michelangelo’s strange genius, and to the gnarled history of the statue itself. They were, themselves, little trolls: the David’s imperfections made flesh, sprung fully formed out of the cracks in his ankles and set loose upon the world. At home, on my mantle, I keep a small crowd of them: a green one, the bobblehead, a white one that looks like an elf. One of them, a tiny keychain, recently fell over and broke  —   his head cracked clean off. I keep its pieces there with the rest. A month after I met with him, Angelo Tartuferi was removed from his position as director of the Accademia. The   project, needless to say, had not yet commenced. Tartuferi’s replacement was one of Florence’s new   supermanagers, a medieval scholar from Germany named Cecilie Hollberg. I met her in June, at a lush hotel bar overlooking the Arno River. I had expected someone stern and formal, but Hollberg was, in fact, relaxed and unpretentious and congenial, with a sly humor that rushed into all the gaps in our conversation. She seemed perpetually amused to have been plucked out of her small German town and imported to watch over the most famous statue in the world. She referred to the David, jokingly, as her husband. We drank spritzes and had a wonderful time. I asked Hollberg about her husband’s ankles. Had there been any progress, under her watch, on the David’s antiseismic base? This was six months after Hollberg took charge and a year and a half after the culture minister’s initial promise to place the David on the base. There had not been any progress. Hollberg, in fact, seemed surprisingly calm. After all, an earthquake was still hypothetical, and she had inherited plenty of other, more pressing problems. There were holes in the museum’s roof that let rainwater through. There were illegal vendors who hassled the tourists while they waited outside in line. There was the problem of finding space, in the clotted center of Florence, to expand the undersized museum. After her arrival, Hollberg said, people emerged from everywhere to tell her how to save the David. Everyone claimed to be an expert. Everyone seemed to have something to sell. But Hollberg wanted to take her time, to consider all the options. She wanted the right solution, not just the fastest or easiest. At some point in the future, she said, she would probably travel to Los Angeles to consult experts at the Getty Center about how they protect their statues. In the meantime, Hollberg said, if a major earthquake were to hit Florence directly, every museum in the city would endure some destruction, not just the Accademia. I found this, somehow, not comforting at all. For now, and for the foreseeable future, we would just have to trust the David to keep standing.",0
16171,Democrats: Trump ’Stole’ Neil Gorsuch Seat from Obama - Breitbart,"Democrats were seething Tuesday night over President Donald Trump’s decision to nominate Judge Neil Gorsuch to the U. S. Supreme Court, claiming that Trump “stole” the seat from President Barack Obama. [In a fundraising email, the Democratic National Committee said (original emphasis):  Judge Neil Gorsuch, Donald Trump’s   Supreme Court nominee, has a legal history that shows a deep sympathy for corporate interests and an apparent disdain for workers. Donald wants to put Judge Gorsuch in the Supreme Court seat the GOP stole from President Obama. Add your name to tell the Senate to reject his nomination. As an attorney, Judge Gorsuch routinely represented big businesses in class action lawsuits. As a judge on the Tenth Circuit, he wrote a concurring opinion in Hobby Lobby v. Sebelius  —   the case that allowed employers to deny basic health care coverage to women by ruling the Affordable Care Act’s contraceptive mandate was unconstitutional. He upheld a decision that denied   insurance benefits to a worker who sustained a   injury that required spinal surgery. He even dissented from a ruling in favor of a truck driver whose employer illegally fired him for abandoning a trailer with locked brakes  —   so he wouldn’t freeze to death. And as a member of the   “Federalist Society,” Gorsuch believes in severely restricting the power that federal agencies like the EPA have to regulate businesses. It’s not hard to see why Trump loves him so much  —   but from where we’re sitting, Joel, Judge Gorsuch has no business on the Supreme Court bench. Republicans declined to move Obama’s nominee, Judge Merrick Garland, through the Senate, based on the principle  —   articulated by  . Joe Biden ( ) decades before  —   that a Supreme Court Justice should not be confirmed in the last year of a lame duck administration. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
16172,"Temple of the Dog Reunites, Headliners at Last on a Mini-Tour - The New York Times","UPPER DARBY, Pa.  —   Last Thursday afternoon, at the Tower Theater outside Philadelphia, the five members of Temple of the Dog were onstage grappling with a common problem faced by men in their early 50s: trying to remember just how they did things in their 20s. The next night, the roughly   hall would be packed, the rock band’s first headlining concert appearance since, well, pretty much ever, but in rehearsal the band’s only audience was stagehands and lighting techs. After plowing through the crunching riffs of “Pushin Forward Back,” however, something didn’t sound quite right. “I don’t think we go into that long of a breakdown on the record,” said the guitarist Stone Gossard, noting the extended solo by his fellow guitarist, Mike McCready. “I’ll solo all night,” Mr. McCready admitted. After a brief discussion, the musicians set down their instruments and huddled in front of the drummer Matt Cameron’s kit, listening over a smartphone to the song as it appeared on their   1991 album, “Temple of the Dog. ” Memories refreshed, they returned to their stations, and resumed pushing “Pushin Forward Back” to its conclusion. Not that the band members are unfamiliar with one another: Mr. Gossard, Mr. McCready and Mr. Cameron, along with the bassist Jeff Ament, are all longtime members of Pearl Jam, while the singer Chris Cornell is known primarily for his work leading Soundgarden. Rather, it was the material that was somewhat alien, Mr. Gossard said during a conversation in the theater’s dressing room, describing the challenge of “learning songs that we literally played maybe 10 times 25 years ago. ” Despite the rust, tickets for the group’s first tour, eight shows in five cities (including Madison Square Garden on Monday night) sold out in minutes, all the more remarkable for a band, as Mr. Cameron points out, “that doesn’t exist. ” Temple of the Dog was originally convened a   ago, in tribute to their friend and colleague Andrew Wood, lead singer of the Seattle bands Malfunkshun and Mother Love Bone, who died in March 1990 of a heroin overdose shortly before the release of Mother Love Bone’s debut album, “Apple. ” At the band’s inception, Soundgarden was preparing for its second major label album and Pearl Jam was just beginning to coalesce. To help deal with his grief, Mr. Cornell had written two songs, “Say Hello 2 Heaven” and “Reach Down,” in which he tried to channel Mr. Wood’s influence. “I thought, well, this is one thing that I can do to remind myself and maybe other people of who this guy is and was and keep his story and in a way his life with us,” Mr. Cornell said. He made demos of the songs, and approached Mr. Ament and Mr. Gossard, both of whom had been in Mother Love Bone with Mr. Wood, about properly recording them. The project soon evolved into an entire album, with the trio joined by Mr. Cameron, Soundgarden’s drummer, and Mr. McCready, a childhood friend of Mr. Gossard’s. “I think that was a healing process for us all and you can certainly still hear it in the record,” Mr. Cameron said. The name Temple of the Dog came from a lyric by Mr. Wood in the Mother Love Bone song “Man of Golden Words” (also on the set list for the current tour). The group played two short opening sets in Seattle in 1990, and has occasionally performed Temple of the Dog songs with Mr. Cornell at Pearl Jam concerts, but otherwise the band has never played together live since recording the album. “It was never intended to be like a big promoted rock record,” Mr. Cameron said. AM released the   album in April 1991 and 70, 000 copies sold that year, but not until 1992 did sales explode. After the   success of Pearl Jam’s debut, “Ten,” and Soundgarden’s “Badmotorfinger,” AM reissued “Temple of the Dog” and promoted the video for “Hunger Strike,” featuring the band and the Pearl Jam vocalist Eddie Vedder. “It didn’t really get that broad attention,” Mr. Cornell said, “until someone at MTV put it together that ‘Oh, there’s this one video that we have that has members of both bands in it let’s play it all day! ’” “Hunger Strike” shot up the charts and the album went platinum, but a tour for Temple at the time would have been “impossible,” Mr. Cornell said, given the busy road schedules of Soundgarden and Pearl Jam. “You had to be out there beating the drum all the time,” he said. “Now it’s sort of a luxury. It’s a different world and a different time in the life spans of our respective bands, where we’ve written our own tickets, we sort of do whatever we want, so we’re fortunate that we can do this now. ” The current tour is accompanied by the recent release of a “25th Anniversary Mix” of the album, available in several permutations, including a   CD, DVD and   collection. Also arriving this week is a Mother Love Bone box set, “On Earth as It Is: The Complete Works” (on the Pearl   Monkeywrench label) offering a new opportunity to examine the talents of Mr. Wood, a flamboyant figure in the Seattle scene who idolized Freddie Mercury, Paul Stanley and Elton John. “He had this way of looking at life that just made you laugh while you were around him,” Mr. Gossard said. Mr. Cornell was Mr. Wood’s roommate for about a year during the late 1980s in a dilapidated   house in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle perched right over Interstate 5. The freeway noise was so loud it permitted Soundgarden and Malfunkshun to rehearse in the living room. “We had bands that were influenced by each other,” Mr. Cornell said, “and there was kind of a rivalry between us as songwriters, but literally like five feet apart  —   through the doors to the bedrooms we could hear each other. ” In the lyrics to “Reach Down,” Mr. Cornell depicted Mr. Wood “wearing a long white leather   Purple glasses and glitter in your hair. ” “There was an aspect of him that was always performing all the time,” Mr. Cornell said. “He had sort of invented himself as this character. The first time I ever saw him he had this entourage. He was a rock star, really, because he was it didn’t have anything to do with anything else. ” The idea of a Temple reunion began percolating around five years ago, during Pearl Jam’s 20th anniversary festival, after Mr. Cornell joined the other musicians onstage (Mr. Cameron having signed up as Pearl Jam’s drummer in 1998) to play five Temple songs. It took a while to coordinate schedules, but time has finally been set aside. “I always think about where Andy would want these songs to be played,” Mr. Ament said. “The Garden and the Forum were like the two places he probably wanted to play more than anywhere, so from that standpoint it’s awesome. ” Mr. Cameron hopes the reissues and the tour can elevate Mr. Wood’s presence in the legacy of Seattle’s music scene. “He wasn’t a footnote in our history,” Mr. Cameron said. “He was a real big influence for us all. ”",0
16173,Anderson Cooper Informs Viewers CNN Just Minutes Away From First Significant Piece Of Information Of Day - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Trump Raises Concern Over Members Of Urban Communities Voting More Than Zero Times ATKINSON, NH—Warning supporters that the troubling practice could affect the outcome of the election, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump expressed strong concern Friday that members of urban communities were voting more than zero times, sources reported. Nation Puts 2016 Election Into Perspective By Reminding Itself Some Species Of Sea Turtles Get Eaten By Birds Just Seconds After They Hatch WASHINGTON—Saying they felt anxious and overwhelmed just days before heading to the polls to decide a historically fraught presidential race, Americans throughout the country reportedly took a moment Thursday to put the 2016 election into perspective by reminding themselves that some species of sea turtles are eaten by birds just seconds after they hatch. Report: Election Day Most Americans’ Only Time In 2016 Being In Same Room With Person Supporting Other Candidate WASHINGTON—According to a report released Thursday by the Pew Research Center, Election Day 2016 will, for the majority of Americans, mark the only time this year they will occupy the same room as a person who supports a different presidential candidate. Most Hotly Contested Down-Ballot Measures Of 2016 As Americans head to the polls, they will be presented with a number of issues to vote on besides choosing their representatives. The Onion gives voters an advance look at which measures will be included on the ballots in which states. New Heavy-Duty Voting Machine Allows Americans To Take Out Frustration On It Before Casting Ballot WASHINGTON—Saying the circumstances of this year’s presidential race made the upgrade necessary, election commissions throughout the country were reportedly working to install new heavy-duty voting machines this week that will allow Americans to physically take out their frustrations on the devices before casting their votes. Clinton Staff Readies EMP Launch To Disable All Nation’s Electronic Devices NEW YORK—In an effort to prepare for any new revelations that might emerge about her emails during her tenure as secretary of state, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton reportedly told her staff Tuesday to ready the launch of several electromagnetic pulses to disable all of the nation’s electronic devices. End Of Section More News Up Next ",0
16174,Legend of The Brave Buffalo; Thousands of Wild American Bison Appear at Standing Rock.,"We Are Change 
Thousands of wild American Bison appear from no where at Standing Rock http://wearechange.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/1-bisons.mp4 Words Of ”Brave Buffalo”… Teton Sioux Medicine Man I have noticed in my life that all men have a liking for some special animal, tree, plant, or spot of earth. If men would pay more attention to these preferences and seek what is best in order to make themselves worthy of that toward which they are so attracted, they might have dreams that would purify their lives. Let a man decide upon his favorite animal and make a study of it, learning its innocent ways. Let him learn to understand its sounds and motions. The animals want to communicate with man, but the Great Father does not intend they shall do so directly, man must do the greater part in securing an understanding. The Tatanka Oyate were called upon and gave us courage. Pilamiya Maske for your vision. Stay strong Water Protectors! 
The great bison or buffalo of North America is a very powerful symbol to American Indians. Though best suited to cooler climates, bison roamed virtually in entire continent.
The smaller woodlands bison and its bigger cousin, the plains bison were revered and honored in ceremony and every day life. To the plains Indian, our Bison Brother meant sacred life and the abundance of the Creator’s blessing on Mother Earth.
The bison is powerful medicine that is a symbol of sacrifice and service to the community. The bison people agreed to give their lives so the American Indian could have food, shelter and clothing.
The bison is also a symbol of gratitude and honor as it is happy to accept its meager existence as it stands proud against the winds of adversity.
The bison represents abundance of the Creator’s bounty and respect for all creation knowing that all things are sacred.
The chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe criticized law enforcement’s “militarized” response to the camp and called for demonstrations to remain peaceful, but stressed that activists would not give up their cause.
“Militarized law enforcement agencies moved in on water protectors with tanks and riot gear today. We continue to pray for peace,” Dave Archambault II said in a statement Thursday evening.
“We won’t step down from this fight,” he added. “As peoples of this earth, we all need water. This is about our water, our rights, and our dignity as human beings.”
Follow WE ARE CHANGE on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow We are change We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Legend of The Brave Buffalo; Thousands of Wild American Bison Appear at Standing Rock. appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
16175,"North Korea Has Executed a Deputy Premier, Seoul Reports - The New York Times","SEOUL, South Korea  —   The North Korean leader, Kim   has executed his deputy premier for education and purged two other senior officials, sending them to   camps, the South Korean government said on Wednesday. Jeong   a spokesman for the South’s Unification Ministry, said at a news briefing that the South Korean government had used various means to confirm the execution of Kim   the deputy premier, and the purge of Kim   the head of the United Front Department of the ruling Workers’ Party, which handles relations with, as well as spying operations against, South Korea. Choe Hui, a deputy chief of the party’s Propaganda and Agitation Department, was also banished for   Mr. Jeong said. Mr. Jeong provided no further details, including when the reported punishments were believed to have taken place or how South Korea had learned of them. But in a later briefing, a senior Unification Ministry official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence matters, said that Kim   had found fault with the    deputy premier’s “disrespectful posture” during a meeting that Mr. Kim oversaw in late June. A subsequent investigation found the deputy premier to be an “  reactionary” guilty of “  factionalism,” and he was executed by firing squad in July, the official said. Kim   would be the   official known to have been executed since 2013, when North Korea confirmed in a rare announcement that Kim   had executed his own uncle and No. 2 official, Jang   on charges of factionalism, corruption and plotting to overthrow his government. The ministry official who spoke on the condition of anonymity said that Kim   the leader of the United Front Department, had spent a month at a   camp on suspicion of abuse of power and that he had been released in  . Kim   is seen as a   by South Korean officials. He was accused of helping orchestrate recent armed provocations by the North along the   border, including an artillery barrage against a South Korean island in 2010, when he was the army’s intelligence chief. The Unification Ministry official said Mr. Kim would now need to prove his loyalty, which the official said raised the possibility that the North could take more aggressive actions toward South Korea. Since taking power in 2011, Kim   has frequently reshuffled the party and military elites as he has consolidated his authority in North Korea, which his family has ruled for seven decades. Mr. Kim has also executed dozens of top officials in what President Park   of South Korea has called a “reign of terror,” according to South Korean intelligence officials. It remains difficult to independently verify  reports of executions and purges in the secretive North. North Korea rarely announces them. It was unusual for a South Korean government spokesman to make them public in an open news briefing, though intelligence officials have often briefed lawmakers in   parliamentary sessions. In one such briefing last year, lawmakers were told that Gen. Hyon   the defense minister, had been executed with an antiaircraft gun in Pyongyang, the North’s capital, after dozing off during military events and   Mr. Kim’s orders. Mr. Jeong, the government spokesman, said that he was responding to recent reports in the South Korean news media. On Tuesday, the   daily JoongAng Ilbo, citing an anonymous source, reported that Hwang Min, a former North Korean agriculture minister, and Ri   a senior Education Ministry official, had been executed with antiaircraft guns in early August. The newspaper reported that Mr. Ri had been arrested after dozing off during a meeting supervised by Mr. Kim and that Mr. Hwang had proposed a policy that was deemed to represent a challenge to Mr. Kim’s leadership. Mr. Jeong did not comment on the fates of those two officials in his briefing on Wednesday. JoongAng Ilbo reported that the officials’ reported executions might have been aimed at tightening Mr. Kim’s control after a senior North Korean diplomat’s recent defection to the South. South Korean officials often cite such   defections, and purges like those announced Wednesday, as potential sources of instability in Mr. Kim’s totalitarian regime. But some analysts dispute such conclusions. Purges and executions remain a key feature of political life in the North, said Cheong   a senior analyst at the Sejong Institute, a South Korean research organization. But he said such persecutions, while barbaric, had become less frequent and “relatively restrained” under Kim  . Mr. Kim’s father, Kim   was estimated to have purged more than 2, 000 officials from 1994 to 2000, he said.",0
16176,Elizabeth Holmes of Theranos Is Barred From Running Lab for 2 Years - The New York Times,"Federal regulators have barred Elizabeth Holmes, chief executive of Theranos, from owning or operating a medical laboratory for at least two years, raising new questions about the future of the embattled     and its founder, once a Silicon Valley phenomenon. In a letter sent to Theranos that was made public on Friday, regulators said they were revoking the certification of its flagship laboratory in Newark, Calif. effective Sept. 5. They also said the laboratory would be prohibited from taking Medicare and Medicaid payments. The government scrutiny stemmed from questions about the effectiveness of Theranos’s technology and the way the company operated its labs. The company faces a fine of $10, 000 for every day it is out of compliance with regulations, effective July 12. Such stern sanctions are “virtually   in my 40 years’ experience in the industry,” said David Nichols, president of the Nichols Management Group, a consultant to and operator of clinical laboratories. “I don’t see a path forward for the company. ” What Theranos and Ms. Holmes will do next is not clear. The company said in its statement that it would continue to operate a laboratory it owns in Arizona, at least for now. But if the license of the California lab is indeed revoked, then Ms. Holmes and Theranos could not own or operate any laboratory, and the Arizona facility would also have to be shut, according to both Theranos and a spokesman for the regulator. Theranos represents the promise and the pitfalls of the   era, as money floods into young companies with new technologies in an effort to find a “unicorn”  —   a   business that transforms its industry and makes its backers rich in the process. Theranos and Ms. Holmes in particular offered a compelling narrative: a brilliant student who dropped out of college to pursue an audacious idea that would upend the medical testing business, performing multiple tests at low prices using only a finger prick of blood. By last year, Theranos had a valuation of about $9 billion. Ms. Holmes invited comparisons with the Apple   Steve Jobs because of her youth, her tight control of the company she founded, and even her customary black turtlenecks. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, which regulates laboratories, reviewed its practices last year and found numerous deficiencies, including one that posed “immediate jeopardy to patient health and safety. ” That apparently referred to erroneous results in a test of blood clotting used for patients who take the blood thinner warfarin. Theranos made two submissions to the agency of corrective actions. But in its letter to Theranos, dated Thursday, the regulator said the company’s second submission “again does not constitute a credible allegation of compliance” and had not “abated the immediate jeopardy. ” The   letter cited numerous examples of the company’s failing to demonstrate that it had corrected a problem. Theranos said late Thursday and again on Friday that it was shutting down and rebuilding its California lab “from the ground up,” and bolstering its personnel and training there. Theranos said it would stop patient testing at the facility immediately, even before the sanctions take effect, but would continue to work with regulators to resolve the issues. “We accept full responsibility for the issues at our laboratory in Newark, Calif. and have already worked to undertake comprehensive remedial actions,” Ms. Holmes said in a statement. Jane Pine Wood, a lawyer specializing in the regulations of laboratories, said companies could appeal such sanctions and typically do. In most cases, that leads to a settlement that allows the laboratory to continue to operate. But this case may be unique, she said. Ms. Wood, a partner at the firm McDonald Hopkins, said that in cases in which there was no settlement and the appeal went to a hearing before an administrative judge, laboratories “almost never win. ” But Theranos would not lose its license for the California lab, or its ability to operate the Arizona lab, until after the appeals process is exhausted, buying it some time. Even if the company can continue to operate the Arizona lab, the business there has shrunk. Walgreens, with which Theranos had a deal to perform tests, pulled out of the partnership last month and closed the Theranos blood collection centers that were in about 40 of its drugstores in the Phoenix area. Now Theranos must rely on a handful of collection sites it owns itself. The sanctions could put pressure on Ms. Holmes to step aside, though it was not clear if that could happen without her consent, given her control of the company. Even if she stepped aside as chief executive, the ban on Theranos operating laboratories might still apply. It is also unclear who could or would take her job. “The company was so tightly controlled by her and Sunny Balwani that there is no clear executive you can name who can take over while she is banned for two years,” said Jondavid Klipp, publisher of Laboratory Economics, an industry newsletter. Mr. Balwani was the chief operating officer at Theranos until he resigned in May. Mr. Klipp said that even if Theranos continued to operate its laboratory, “it’s hard to imagine why a physician would send a patient to a Theranos lab when there are established, reputable choices. ” One option for the company would be to sell   machines to other laboratories, rather than operate its own laboratories. It hinted at this on Friday, saying the laboratory was just one of its business units and that “its research and development unit has developed many technologies that are not dependent on running a laboratory. ’’ It said that the problems found by regulators were primarily in the laboratory operations, not with the company’s proprietary blood testing technology. Still, if it wants to sell equipment to other labs, Theranos would have to prove that its technology really worked. There is great skepticism on that front because Theranos has not published data about its technology’s performance. Ms. Holmes is scheduled to present such data at a laboratory conference on Aug. 1. Ms. Holmes began the company in 2003 after dropping out of Stanford at the age of 19. Eventually she settled on the goal of creating a new way to perform blood tests that relied on a few drops of blood rather than the larger amounts medical testing often required. Tests would be cheaper, the argument went, and more people would be inclined to get them. In interviews focused on Theranos’s success, she said the idea came from her fear of needles. The idea had appeal. Theranos won backing from tech luminaries like the software mogul Lawrence J. Ellison, and the company counted Henry A. Kissinger, a former secretary of state, and a former Senate majority leader, Bill Frist, among its advisers and directors. But some people questioned the reliability of the tests, including former Theranos employees who took their concerns to federal regulators. Ms. Holmes defended the company publicly, especially after articles last year in The Wall Street Journal enumerated those concerns. Still, federal inspectors found deficiencies in the Newark laboratory that could lead to inaccurate results, including inadequately trained employees and samples stored at the wrong temperature. Theranos promised to overhaul the plant and bring in a new slate of experts to fix its problems. It also voided or corrected numerous results from many tests it performed in the past. In April, Theranos said it was under criminal investigation from the Justice Department and disclosed another inquiry from the Securities and Exchange Commission. Ms. Holmes said in the statement that the company was committed “to demonstrating our dedication to the highest standards of quality and compliance. ”",0
16177,’Terminate the B*tch with Extreme Prejudice’: How Paramount Changed the Ending of ‘Fatal Attraction’,"Former Paramount Pictures CEO Sherry Lansing is making waves in Hollywood with the release Wednesday of excerpts from her new biography that shed light on some of the film industry’s most scandalous    secrets. [Excerpts from Lansing’s forthcoming book, Leading Lady: Sherry Lansing and the Making of a Hollywood Groundbreaker, were revealed Wednesday by its author and The Hollywood Reporter editor Stephen Galloway.  Lansing, who at age 35 became the first female president of 20th Century Fox in 1980, details the   battle behind one of her most memorable productions: Fatal Attraction.  “Everyone passed” on the project, Lansing said. “I begged John Carpenter [Halloween]. And it wasn’t just him. I begged everyone. ” Finding a director for the film quickly became a laborious task. Lansing had lined up director Brian De Palma, but he soured on Michael Douglas playing the lead role. Given a choice between De Palma or Douglas, Lansing went with the budding   actor. “It was one of those    moments,” Lansing said. “De Palma was the element that got us a green light, but Michael had been on the movie for two years, when everybody else rejected us. We said, ‘We’re sticking with Michael. ’” Flashdance director Adrian Lyne fell in love with the script and signed on to helm the movie, and Anne Archer was tapped to play Douglas’s wife, Beth Gallagher. The only missing piece to the puzzle was a leading lady. Susan Sarandon, Jessica Lange, Michelle Pfeiffer, Kirstie Alley, and Melanie Griffith, among others, had all been considered to play the role of Alex Forrest, the film’s emotionally unstable antagonist. While questions lingered about her “sexiness,” actress Glenn Close landed the role. One bombshell Lansing unleashes in her biography is the real reaction test audiences and producers had to the film initially namely, audiences   rejected the film’s initial ending, which showed Close’s character framing Douglas’s character for her murder and being taking away by police. “We did about six screenings,” Lansing said. “And at every single screening, when Anne says, ‘If you come near my family again, I’ll kill you,’ the audience bursts into applause. [  CEO] Frank Mancuso said, ‘I think they want Anne Archer to kill Glenn Close.’ And I looked at him speechless because I thought he was crazy. ” Late Paramount Pictures studio boss Ned Tanen rejected the original ending. He put it bluntly to the filmmakers: “They want us to terminate the bitch with extreme prejudice,” he said of Close’s character. “Adrian [Lyne] went nuts,” noted Lansing. “He felt that changing the ending was kowtowing to the lowest common denominator, and I agreed. Here was this wonderful film about how all your actions have consequences, and now they wanted to change the whole point. I felt it was morally wrong, and if I agreed to do it, I’d be selling out. ” Tanen and Paramount even offered to pay the filmmaker an additional $1. 5 million to shoot a new ending. “That was brilliant,” Lansing recalled. But Close reportedly refused to reshoot the ending scene to show her character being killed by Beth. “She came into Stanley’s office, and we couldn’t even get through the conversation with her,” said Lansing. The film’s creator and screenwriter James Dearden “had to pretend it was a great idea. ” “I had to sit there and tell her what the new ending would be, and tears were running down her cheeks. Glenn said, ‘You can take me in a straitjacket, but you can’t make me do it. ’” “I had a big talk to her about the theater, and how you play the show to    audiences, and then you adjust,” Douglas reportedly told Close. “The argument was, ‘It may not be the best for your character, but it’s best for the movie. ’” Close finally agreed to film the new ending, but never loved it. The reshoots were riddled with issues. “We went back to [the Gallaghers’ house] and other people had bought it, so we had to reconstruct it just the way it was,” said Lansing of the house the film was originally shot in. “It cost a fortune. Glenn had the worst of it, by far. She was dunked in the bath more than 50 times, and her eyes and nose became infected. ” The rest, as they say, was history. Fatal Attraction opened on Sept. 18, 1987, debuted at the number one spot at the box office, and went on to earn over $156 million on a $14 million budget. Read the full story and excerpts from Sherry Lansing’s upcoming biography here.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
16178,Filmmaker Maria Ivanova: People in Damascus ‘have fear in their eyes’,"movies , syria , RBTH Daily , refugees Russian filmmaker Maria Ivanova. Source: Elena Kern / press-photo 
Where did you find the courage to go to the Middle East to make a film on migrants? 
Maria Ivanova: I began making my film in Berlin, in a camp for refugees. I was searching for a female protagonist. But when I arrived, I was told that girls do not flee Syria alone, only with their husbands or relatives. 
In the end I visually began ""capturing"" interesting faces. I found my protagonist – 14-year-old Muhammad, who was sent by his parents to Germany alone. He did the whole journey alone so that later he could get his relatives out of Syria through the legal process of family reunification. 
During the shooting I understood that next I needed to go to Damascus, where this boy's parents remained. Due to the hassle in obtaining a Syrian visa my cameraman and I traveled to Syria through Beirut. In Lebanon you don't need a visa. Russian journalist in Syria: We came within a whisker of death 
As we were driving along the road I knew that ISIS was only 10 kilometers [6 miles] away, very near. We were driving incredibly fast, 200 kilometers per hour, and when the driver saw a motorcycle coming, the car quickly turned around and headed in the opposite direction. “Why?” I asked later. Because terrorists often drive around at night on motorcycles. 
That’s how we got to Damascus. There was no heating in the apartment we were taken to. No electricity and hot water. We slept on something similar to a couch. There are no real beds in the real East. And at three in the morning I heard bombing. 
Is all of Damascus in this state? 
M.I.: I was in the south and there it was frightening to walk out on the street. People have fear in their eyes, the atmosphere is very heavy. 
In the end did you meet the parents of your protagonist Muhammad? How did you contact them? 
M.I.: They welcomed us with open arms. They fed us. They have all means of communication, they use social networks. After meeting with them we returned to Beirut and went to the refugee camps in Lebanon's mountains, filming there for two weeks. 
Were the Lebanese camps different from the German ones? 
M.I.: Of course. Lebanon doesn’t have special conditions. There’s a character in our film, a man who has 17 children. He lives in a tent that he has divided into several parts. He patches up the holes. They all sleep on the floor. Despite their horrible position, these people offered us food and played the oud for us [an Arabian musical instrument – RBTH]. They joked… Their life is based on the hope that they will return home. Of course, many want to go to Europe. They fill out applications. But Europe does not accept everyone. 
In general, Lebanon is an unusual country. Just think, there are 18 religious confessions on a territory that is smaller than the Moscow Region. There are four million residents and one and a half million Syrian refugees. And yet, I never saw a conflict between, say, Christians and Muslims. They all go to the same restaurants, the same movie theaters, everyone is friendly. 
Which films are you taking to the festival in Lebanon? 
M.I.: We finished this documentary film just a few days ago and I decided to hold the premiere in Lebanon, where we shot most of the material. Moreover, our partner, the TV channel RT, is producing two documentary films: Women against ISIS and Sector of Contradiction . The directors of these films are coming to answer questions and hold master classes. 
How much is Russian culture present in Lebanon? Do people speak Russian there? 
M.I.: Many Lebanese studied in the Soviet Union. There is even an association of Soviet university graduates. These people speak Russian, many even married Russian citizens. Furthermore, there are 30,000 Russians living there. There are Lebanese who attend classes and study Russian. Sure, you mostly hear Arabic, English, French. Russian culture is not well known. So we sort of filled a vacuum. 
Is the war in the neighboring country felt in Lebanon? 
M.I.: You still feel the previous war, the civil war. There are buildings scarred by bombings. There are many military personnel, roadblocks, armored personnel carriers, patrols. But next to a destroyed building you can find a modern art gallery, which is followed by soldiers again, and then a modern theater. This is a patchwork country, it is very heterogeneous. Can a low-budget Russian disaster film look like a Hollywood blockbuster? 
Once I was at the Sarajevo Film Festival, which had a really heavy atmosphere. There were no stadiums there. They had turned into cemeteries since there was no space for burying people. While in Lebanon you feel very light. You want to live, despite certain moments… The presence of soldiers, on the contrary, creates the feeling of security. 
I traveled there by car with a driver, saw beautiful cities, mountains, wine production. I went to an apple festival. I wasn’t afraid. The country has a modern airport, taxis, hotels, wonderful restaurants, beaches and movie theaters. But the thing is that no one anywhere will give you 100-percent guaranteed security, including when you're driving through France or Germany. In terms of security, Lebanon is no different than Europe. 
The full interview can be found on RIA Novosti . Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list Facebook",0
16179,"Yazidi Activist: Islamic State Cut Open My Friend, Raped Her Baby, Then Raped Her - Breitbart","Women for Women International has posted an astonishing interview conducted by its founder, Zainab Salbi, of two eyewitnesses to the horrors of the Islamic State. [The tale was not easy to tell, as you can see from the video below, and it is not easy to hear.   The interviewees are Shireen Ibrahim, a Yazidi woman who escaped Islamic State slavery, and activist Feryal Pirali, who handles translation duties. Ibrahim was captured by ISIS in 2014 while attempting to flee their assault on Iraqi Kurdistan. The Yazidis are a religious minority despised by the Islamic State and considered “devil worshipers” by some other Muslims because they pray to an archangel who is often misidentified as Satan. More details about them can be found here. Ibrahim became one of many Yazidis held as slaves by the Islamic State, with women and even very young girls often used as sex slaves. She was taken to Sinjar and separated from some forty family members taken with her. She said in her interview with Salbi that half of her family is now missing or dead. Ibrahim avoided rape at the hands of her ISIS captors for a while by pretending to be married to her cousin and claiming her nephew was her son. She was taken to Syria and tormented in various ways, including ISIS fighters shooting guns into the ground around her, while she was wrapped in a blanket while telling her she would be killed, and pouring some unknown substance down her throat. After she was recaptured during an escape attempt, they tortured her with electric shocks. “They did everything to me,” Ibrahim said. “They did every bad thing you can think of to me because I ran away. ” She said she was sold as a slave five times during her Islamic State captivity. “The first time I got sold was by a doctor, a guy who came to Syria to buy me,” she recalled. “The last time I got sold it was to the same guy, the same doctor. ” Ibrahim said the price of her first sale was just one dollar. The buyer told her she was a cheap purchase. The last time she was sold, the ISIS militant hired to transport her helped her escape for reasons she does not know. She currently lives in a camp in northern Iraq for Yazidis who have been rescued from the Islamic State. Ibrahim said she is too traumatized and fearful of ISIS to ever return to her family home in Sinjar. “It’s hard for us,” Ibrahim said of the other women at the camp who escaped from the Islamic State. “Every minute is like a year. ” The most horrifying story in the interview came from Pirali, who is herself a Yazidi from the Sinjar region. She said she left Iraq in 2010, leaving behind a high school friend who got married and was pregnant with a baby girl when ISIS arrived. “When ISIS took over our town, when they were trying to run away, because she was heavy, she was pregnant, she couldn’t run a lot,” Pirali said. “So she told her family to leave her behind, ‘save yourself, go.’ She was going to walk slowly until she gets to where they are. ” “Unfortunately, she didn’t make it, The ISIS people got her. What they did to her, they opened up her stomach, like from here to here”  —   Pirali pantomimed a cut horizontally across her entire stomach  —   “they opened her up, and they got her baby girl out. They raped the baby, and they also raped her. And she survived. ” “The baby did not make it,” she added. “They thought she was dead. They left her behind. The ISIS fighters, they left her. Her family came back, saw her just like that, in that situation. ” Pirali said this was the atrocity that prompted her to become an activist. In 2015, she circulated a petition asking   Barack Obama to help women and girls in ISIS captivity. The petition attracted 100, 000 supporters. “The message I want to send to ISIS people is that we are Yazidis, and we are going to be Yazidis. We are not going to change our religion, no matter what,” Ibrahim said defiantly, with Pirali translating her words. She wept as she passed along her message to the civilized world: “Save our people that is in ISIS captivity. They’re killing kids in front of our eyes, and they’re bombing them. ” On Tuesday, a Kurdish official told CNN that the bodies of between 1, 300 and 1, 500 Yazidis have been found in the area around Sinjar, interred in 35 mass graves plus over 100 individual graves. The Kurds believe they will find more mass graves as more territory is recaptured from the Islamic State. The official who spoke to CNN believed there are up to a dozen mass graves in a single village still controlled by ISIS and identified as a site of mass killings by the United Nations. The United Nations has formally accused the Islamic State of committing genocide against the Yazidis. Unfortunately, Yazidis in northern Iraq who only recently returned to their homes have been displaced again, as Kurdish and Yazidi militia battle ISIS fighters in the region. The Kurdish Regional Government is seeking to persuade armed Yazidis to break away from the PKK  —   a militant group engaged in separatist violence in Turkey, which recruited and trained many Yazidis to fight ISIS in the Sinjar region  —   and join the Kurdish Peshmerga instead. The world’s largest Yazidi temple, seen by many as a sign of renewal for their religion, is currently under construction in Armenia. Yazidis are a large and respected minority in Armenia, but many of them have relocated to Europe, Russia, and the U. S. in search of jobs, due to a slow economy.",0
16180,Rubber Band Politics: How the Left Enables the Right,"Home | World | Rubber Band Politics: How the Left Enables the Right Rubber Band Politics: How the Left Enables the Right By Baron Von Schlitz 13/11/2016 11:32:09 
WASHINGTON D.C. – USA – The rise if the right is a direct result of the left, as the rubber band is pulled so far, it must eventually snap back. 


Pull a rubber band to its very limit, and it eventually snaps back. 
The government of America went too far to the left, the socialist pseudo Marxist strains of Obama thus enabled Trump’s win. No one could tolerate another four years of socialism especially under a ball breaker staunch feminist like Hillary Clinton. 
The natural state of human existence is a moderate conservative attitude, one of family and of conserving traditional values, the socialists wish to destroy the family, to destroy culture through mass migration at speed, to effectively destroy all traditions and norms as much as possible. 
This is why we are seeing a mass movement now to the right, people are fed up of the homosexualisation of everything, of the bending of all tradition, the PC, the emasculation of the male, and the dominance of transexualisation, the forcing of cultural racial integration. 
President Obama wanted the U.S. military to become a bath house full of homos and transsexuals, which in effect emasculated the army. Soldiers cowering behind walls more worried about their nails or make up, whilst real soldiers came over the top with their Russian grimaces, eager to bury their bayonets deep into the homosexualised American ninnies, trembling with fear, and pissing in their knickers. 
People want armies that can fight effectively, they don’t want Obama’s faggot army, they want real men who can do the job, and do not need to be mollycoddled at every turn. 
By pulling the rubber band so far, Obama and his ilk is responsible for bringing forth the right, they shamelessly were instrumental in the resurgence of the extreme right wing, as it moves to rebalance the vast move to the left. 
In Europe we are now seeing the cowering socialists doomed to years of purgatory, as the people rise up and remove them from office. Feminism has had its day as it is consigned to the dustbin, to be retrieved eventually when people have had enough of the right. 
This sort of rubber band politics, is one of extremes, pull, snap, pull, snap, and on it goes. People do not necessarily vote for the best candidate but simply because they’ve had enough of a certain regime or political ideology that has been prevalent for a long time. 
Yes, there is a sense of relief when the politically correct socialists are given the boot, because you can say what you want again, it is a real relief. Socialists claim to be progressives, however they inhibit free speech, how is this progress? The right on the other hand allow things to be said, but this in turn can in the future be taken to the extreme as well, as we have seen throughout history. 
One faction enables the other and work as a well oiled machine, and this is the mechanism that moves agendas quickly for the Controllers, who of course deal on both sides at the same time. Whichever side wins, they always win, and many voters are of course blind to such things. This is good, the voters must be ignorant to the fact that they are mere pawns in a bigger game. 
The core infrastructure does not give a flying fuck who wins an election, could be red, blue or yellow, they simply give instructions to the victor and the deal is done. How many times have you seen a government come in to power, and adopt the rulings of the previous government. We see this in Britain, where Labour increased CCTV surveillance by the million, then the Conservatives came into power, instead of reducing surveillance, they carried on with it, and adopted it fully, despite bad mouthing it when they were in opposition. 
Europeans of the right will bring racial intolerance, which is a natural human emotion and a reaction to the invasive qualities of sudden mass migration. Where the boulevards of Paris once were adorned with cafes, and sojourning Parisians, they are now replete with Africans on messy mattresses and tents, the once beautiful pavements adorned not with Art Deco lampposts but excrement and piss. This migrant influx is a direct result of the laissez faire attitude of the EU socialist elite who turned a blind eye to their utopian Schengen dream which turned out to be a road from the world’s poverty stricken zones to the West. 
Leftists should prepare themselves to an approximate thirty or forty years in the wilderness, and they have only themselves to blame. It is obviously impossible for leftists to be moderate, and this is their own undoing. Yes, but you say, what about Blair and Cameron? Well, these were socialists with a centrist marginal conservative attitude, especially when it came to finance. Their sole purpose was economical staying-in power politics and nothing else. 
Donald Trump, and Farage are a movement, and France will be the next focus. Once France is repatriated from the socialists, Germany will once again regain it’s pride in the Fatherland. Italy will follow as will the rest of the European nations. Schengen will be scrapped, as it is the road to self-destruction, and people hold a natural will to survive and not to die. 
The right is the correct way for human national survival, the socialist does not care for national survival, family or traditional human values, it seeks to destroy all of these in as fast a time as possible. Socialists seek to subvert human existence into a perverted bastardised form of malevolence they call progress. Human societal and political progress must be allowed to slowly evolve and not be pushed by socialist control freakery. 
Whether you are left or right of the political spectrum, in the end does not matter of course. These are all created constructs to keep the machine moving. Having elections every four years prevents civil unrest and rioting. That is the only reason for the so-called democracies that the West claims rule the globe. 
We all live in a democracy where if you go out into the street to protest, the militarised police will beat your teeth into the gutter with their truncheons and trample over you with their boots. 
Without one there can be no other, the left needs the right and so forth, to play off each other. Without sickness, the doctor would be out of a job, and without crime, the policeman would be unemployed.",0
16181,Islamic State Releases Video of Jihadis Storming Southern Philippines City,"A video has surfaced on social media apparently produced by the Islamic State’s Amaq News Agency depicting jihadists fighting in Marawi, southern Philippines, where foreign fighters are attempting to establish a caliphate. [Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte  —   who lives on Mindanao, the island Marawi is located on  —   has imposed a   state of martial law on all of Mindanao in an attempt to quell the jihadist insurgency.  The short video shows jihadists darting around the   and severely damaged streets of Marawi. As The Long War Journal notes, the terrorists also appear to take control of armored vehicles and show the bodies of some of those killed. One jihadist can be heard saying, “Allahu akbar” to a colleague on camera. The video surfaced online shortly before the U. S.  coalition against the Islamic State in Syria confirmed the death of a terrorist known as Rayan Mashaal or Baraa Kadek, the founder of the Amaq News Agency: https:  . almasdarnews.         . mp4, This is the second video to surface from Marawi. Terrorists published another video this week showcasing Father Teresito “Chito” Suganob, whom they took hostage during the early part of the siege last week. Suganob and a dozen other civilians who were present in the city’s Cathedral of St. Mary remain hostages, and in the video, Suganob pleaded with President Duterte to ensure their safety by obeying the demands of the terrorists, particularly to end the airstrikes against terrorist targets. In addition to taking hostages, images that have appeared on the encrypted messaging app Telegram appear to show jihadists forcing the Christians still trapped in the city to convert to Islam. Eyewitnesses who fled the city have told media outlets that terrorists were forcing civilians to recite Quranic verses and Islamic prayers and killing anyone who did not pass their tests. Many of these jihadists, the witnesses say, are extremely young —  many teenagers and some as young as thirteen. The men on camera appear to be Southeast Asian the Philippine National Police and Armed Forces have confirmed that some of those fighting in Marawi are not Filipinos, however, but Saudis, Yemenis, Indonesians, and Malaysians. The presence of foreigners suggests that the Islamic State’s Mideast leadership is involved in the attempt to take over Marawi, not just local groups. The siege began last week as police attempted to raid the hideout of Isnilon Hapilon, the head of Abu Sayyaf, and the terrorists who initially attacked the city were members of the Maute group. Both these jihadist groups have pledged allegiance to Islamic State caliph, Abu Bakr  . Both Duterte and Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana have told reporters that the terrorists in Marawi are not indigenous to the Philippines but part of a foreign ISIS invasion. “They are already recognized and the occupation of Marawi is another step to prove worth as part of ISIS. They intended to raise the ISIS flag in the provincial capital,” Lorenzana told the Philippine website Rappler on Friday. He added that Isnilon Hapilon was “ordered to Lanao Sur (Butig) in early January to set up a wilayat (Islamic province) there. ” “ISIS thought that Lanao Sur was a better place for expansion because the area is bigger than Basilan and there are more Muslims there,” he added in his statements to Rappler. Marawi is the nation’s only “Islamic city” the Philippines is over 90 percent Christian. Duterte had previously stated that the Marawi crisis was “not Maute. It’s purely ISIS with different branches. ” He added that jihadist groups have profited from soaring methamphetamine (shabu) sales in the Philippines, offering drug traffickers protection in exchange for money. The government is denying, however, that a raid on a luxury resort in Manila is related to the Islamic State. Late Thursday night, gunmen stormed the Resorts World Manila, killing at least 36 and burning down a casino within the complex. National Capital Region Police Office (NCRPO) chief Oscar Albayalde blamed the incident on a “mentally disturbed,” “ ” lone gunmen, refuting a report from the SITE Intelligence Group that ISIS had claimed responsibility. Officials dismissed the ISIS claim as an attempt to generate momentum in the global jihadist movement. Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.",0
16182,House Appropriations Chair Rodney Frelinghuysen Rebukes Speaker Paul Ryan: Obamacare 2.0 Is ’Currently Unacceptable’ - Breitbart,"WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   In a stunning rebuke to House Speaker Paul Ryan, House Appropriations Committee chairman Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen ( ) announced his public opposition to Obamacare 2. 0 on Friday morning. [“Seven years after enactment of Obamacare, I wanted to support legislation that made positive changes to rescue healthcare in America,” Frelinhguysen, who has been lauded as the Garden State’s most powerful congressman, wrote in a Facebook post.  Unfortunately, the legislation before the House today is currently unacceptable as it would place significant new costs and barriers to care on my constituents in New Jersey. In addition to the loss of Medicaid coverage for so many people in my   state, the denial of essential health benefits in the individual market raise serious coverage and cost issues. I remain hopeful that the American Health Care Act will be further modified. We need to get this right for all Americans. The House Speaker almost never loses the Appropriations Chairman on major pieces of legislation. The fact Frelinghuysen is against the bill calls into question Ryan’s ability to lead the conference —  including his own committee chairs —  in the future on other pieces of legislation. It shows just how unpopular this legislation really is   and further demonstrates Ryan’s inability to bring together the different factions of the House Republican conference. Many more Republicans are expected to vote against Speaker Ryan’s bill, the American Health Care Act —  or “Obamacare 2. 0” or “Obamacare Lite” or “RyanCare” or “ ” —  as it has become known. Other Republicans who are expected to vote against the revised version of the Affordable Healthcare Act include Rep. Mark Amodei ( ) Rep. Tom Budd ( ) Rep. David Brat ( ) Rep. Mark Meadows ( ) Rep. Mo Brooks ( ) and Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ). Now that Ryan has lost Frelinghuysen —  the chairman of a powerful committee that controls government spending —  it is highly unlikely Ryan will be able to deliver the votes on this. That means Ryan is delivering a loss to President Trump, after failing to control his members. Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter @AdelleNaz",0
16183,Are We All Angels Who Were Cast Down to Earth?,"10 
Question: Are we all angels who were cast down from our first estate? 
One of the most renown scriptures containing the Parable of the Sower of Seed is Matthew 13. Let’s have a closer look at each and every planted seed that fell and use only the definition of the Word of God itself to interpret the scripture. 
You are an angel who fell from grace and was birthed into the vesica pisces (flesh host body) to live out a refinement of faith unto the redemption of your soul. 
Is this the answer? Let us know what you think after considering the information presented within this short video. :) Tags",0
16184,Puerto Rico’s Financial Woes Revive Calls for Independence - The New York Times,"SAN JUAN, P. R.  —   In March 1954, Rafael Cancel Miranda smuggled a gun into the United States Capitol and, with three other Puerto Rican nationalists, opened fire from the visitors’ gallery. Five members of Congress were wounded. The attackers, three men and one woman, were swiftly arrested and tried. Mr. Cancel Miranda, then 23, received the longest sentence, 85 years. He served 25 years before his sentence was commuted by President Jimmy Carter. Today, Mr. Cancel Miranda is the last surviving attacker. He lives with his wife, Angie, on a quiet lane of bungalows in a part of San Juan where the streets take their names from stars and constellations. His eyesight is failing, but he still turns out for the occasional independence event, where younger people receive him as a legend. His ancient enmities are now fresher than ever because of the island’s catastrophic $72 billion debt, which has placed Puerto Rico into what amounts to federal receivership. A   panel appointed by Congress and President Obama will soon hold sway over the island and its finances, which collapsed after years of   borrowing to cover rising   costs. To longtime nationalists like Mr. Cancel Miranda, it is yet more proof that colonialism is alive and well here. This helps Mr. Cancel Miranda explain something odd that happened this summer. In June, the governor of Puerto Rico, Alejandro J. García Padilla, traveled to New York City and told a special committee of the United Nations that despite all appearances, Puerto Rico was still a colony of the United States. He sought the United Nations’ help in achieving   for the island, which is a territory of the United States. “Puerto Rico is hungry and thirsty for justice,” Mr. García Padilla said. The special committee has called on Washington to “allow the Puerto Rican people fully to exercise their inalienable right to   and independence. ” To understand why Mr. García Padilla’s remarks were so unusual, it helps to know that his Popular Democratic Party claims to have already freed Puerto Rico from the colonial yoke. The island’s independence is a signature issue: The party takes credit for negotiating a unique status for Puerto Rico  —   that of an “associated free state”  —   which is said to provide the best of both worlds, statehood and independence, without forcing Puerto Rico to choose. The party says it achieved that in 1954, and that Puerto Rico has been an “associated free state” since. “It’s a lie!” Mr. Cancel Miranda said in a recent interview. “We never controlled our own country. ” Unusual events this year have brought many Puerto Ricans to much the same conclusion. In January, in a double jeopardy case, the United States Supreme Court held that Puerto Rico had no independent prosecutorial authority  —   just the authority bestowed on it by the United States Congress. Few on the mainland may have paid attention, but in Puerto Rico, the decision prompted the Popular Democratic Party’s president, David Bernier, a candidate for governor, to call for “an urgent review of the structure of the relationship between Puerto Rico and the United States. ” The party that invented the “associated free state” was now questioning it. Next, Mr. Obama’s administration invoked the territories clause of the Constitution as it pushed for a law allowing Puerto Rico to restructure its big debt. The clause gives Congress the power to enact “all needful rules and regulations” for United States territories, and its use sent a strong signal to Puerto Rico that the island had no power to carry out its own law. When Congress passed the   law in June, it placed Puerto Rico’s financial affairs under federal oversight, handled by a   board. This was widely seen as proof that “associated free state” was a meaningless term. “Seven unelected people are going to be controlling our lives,” said María de Lourdes Santiago, a senator from the Puerto Rican Independence Party who, like Mr. Bernier, is running for governor. “It’s a dictatorship. ” She said the debt crisis had set profound changes in motion and she hoped Puerto Rico could finally “have a legitimate process of decolonization. ” A White House spokeswoman, Brandi S. Hoffine, said it was clear that “the people of Puerto Rico want the issue of status to be resolved,” and referred to the recommendations of a presidential task force for how that might happen. “The president remains committed to the principle of   for the people of Puerto Rico,” she said. In an interview at his home, Mr. Cancel Miranda said the previous decolonization  —   the one carried out by the Popular Democrats  —   had been a sham, and had provoked the attack on Congress. He played grainy    video footage of himself as a young man, refusing to apologize for the shooting during questioning. Then he filled in some details. The United Nations had declared the 1950s a “decade of decolonization,” he said, and Puerto Rico was put on a list of colonies to be freed. But, he said, Washington had merely appeared to go along with the proceedings  —   its main preoccupation was the Cold War. It wanted to remove Puerto Rico from the list of colonies, but not give it full autonomy, Mr. Cancel Miranda said, which might have meant losing the island’s ports, airfields and other strategic assets. Historians say United States officials helped to draft Puerto Rico’s first Constitution, adding a provision  —   now in dispute  —   that   bonds be paid before everything else if money was tight. Washington also poured money into infrastructure on the island and offered tax breaks to American companies that came to Puerto Rico and created jobs. For better or worse, those programs won over some elected island officials who had previously favored independence. They devised the term “associated free state,” which was said to mean that Puerto Rico was a sovereign coequal of the United States, pursuing common interests by mutual agreement. The term in Spanish, “estado libre asociado,” is used in Puerto Rico’s Constitution. (The   version calls Puerto Rico a commonwealth.) In 1953, a United Nations special committee held hearings on whether Puerto Rico’s name could be removed from the list of colonies. Mr. Cancel Miranda said he was there, listening as American delegates testified that Puerto Rico now had free elections, a Constitution and other essentials of  . Other witnesses, however, said it was all  . When the committee reconvened and voted, Mr. Cancel Miranda said, Washington’s view prevailed. “That’s when the nationalists said, ‘We have to send a message,’” Mr. Cancel Miranda said. “That was the reason for the attack on Congress. ” Their message was silenced for decades by long prison sentences. Over the years, memories of the attack faded on the mainland. And in Puerto Rico, the ballot replaced armed insurgency. The Independence Party is respected but has not earned many votes  —   though its popularity is growing, Ms. Santiago said. Now, it seems that most Puerto Ricans believe the associated free state was a sham, even if it is not clear what they will do about it. “You saw what I said in 1954: ‘I’m not sorry,’” Mr. Cancel Miranda said. “And 62 years later, I’m still not sorry. ”",0
16185,Scientists Say Universe Is Part Of 4th Dimension Born From Black Hole,"Posted on October 30, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in Sci/Environment // 0 Comments A new scientific theory claims our universe was born from an Event Horizon event as part of a second dimension in an enormous black hole gobbling up other universes in the fourth dimension. 
At the very beginning of time, around 13.8 billion years ago, there was a hot dense energetic point where the laws of physics did not apply – something scientists today refer to as a ‘singularity’. 
The only other place where a singularity occurs in the Universe and all the known laws of physics are temporarily abandoned is at the event horizon of a black hole – which scientists cannot explain. 
What is odd about black holes is that the even horizon is two-dimensional in an otherwise completely three-dimensional universe. related content 
Sunday Express reports: 
This means that there is something that we are unable to perceive and the theory, which was first suggested in 2014 and is now under serious scrutinisation, claims that our Universe is the result of a singularity of a huge black hole. 
In simpler terms, there is a possibility that our three-dimensional Universe is surrounding the event horizon of a four-dimensional Universe. 
A 2014 study from the Perimeter Institute and University of Waterloo stated: “In this scenario, our Universe burst into being when a star in a four-dimensional universe collapsed into a black hole. 
Re-visiting the theory recently, Ethan Siegel, a professor of physics and astronomy at Lewis & Clark College in Portland, explained how a black hole could have formed in another universe which led matter to “fall” into our Universe. 
Dr Siegel wrote for Forbes: “As the black hole first formed, from a star’s core imploding and collapsing, the event horizon first came to be, then rapidly expanded and continued to grow in area as more and more matter continued to fall in. related content Supermassive Black Holes Mysteriously Align In Distant Universe 
“If you were to put a coordinate grid down on this two-dimensional wrapping, you would find that it originated where the gridlines were very close together, then expanded rapidly as the black hole formed, and then expanded more and more slowly as matter fell in at a much lower rate. 
“This matches, at least conceptually, what we observe for the expansion rate of our three-dimensional Universe.”",0
16186,Miners Find 500 Year Old Shipwreck Loaded With £9 Million of Gold in The Namibian Desert,"posted by Eddie Diamond miners working off the coast of Africa stumbled across a 500-year-old shipwreck loaded with £9 million of gold and coins. The Bom Jesus – or Good Jesus – was first discovered along the Namibian coast near Oranjemund by geologists from the mining company De Beers in April 2008. It was a Portuguese ship which set sail from Lisbon in 1533 captained by Sir Francisco de Noronha, and vanished, along with its entire crew, while on a voyage to India. The Bom Jesus – or Good Jesus – and its treasure trove contents were first discovered along the Namibian coast near Oranjemund by geologists from the mining company De Beers in April 2008 (Pictured: Some of the Spanish coins) A selection of items from the ship with a trowel below them for scale. The best preserved astrolabe is in the middle, a frying pan on the right, some pottery on left, a pewter plate above and a section of a pewter bowl It was found by the miners as they drained a man-made salt water lake along the Skeleton Coast, and while plenty of shipwrecks have been discovered along the stretch, this was the oldest and the first to be loaded down with coin and ivory tusks. They did not immediately find the treasure it contained – first, they discovered strange pieces of wood and metal along the beach, before discovering the shipwreck buried under the sand. It was not until the sixth day that they found a treasure chest full of gold. It has been named as one of the most significant shipwreck finds of all time and the discovery led to the site being placed under the UNESCO Convention on the Protection of Underwater Cultural Heritage. Some rosary beads and a silver Portuguese coin that were found among the haul of the Bom Jesus Archaeologist Dr Dieter Noli demonstrating the use of an astrolabe found among the ship’s wreckage The Bom Jesus cargo contained German copper ingots, West African ivory, Portuguese, Spanish, Florentine and Venetian gold and silver currency, weapons, including swords an knives, clothing, and, of course, skeletons. The miners also discovered bronze bowls, and long metal poles which were used in the ship’s canona, as well as a musket compasses and astrological tools. Archaeologist Dr Dieter Noli told FoxNews.com that the Namibian government will keep the gold. He said: ‘That is the normal procedure when a ship is found on a beach. ‘The only exception is when it is a ship of state – then the country under whose flag the ship was sailing gets it and all its contents. ‘And in this case the ship belonged to the King of Portugal, making it a ship of state – with the ship and its entire contents belonging to Portugal. ‘The Portuguese government, however, very generously waived that right, allowing Namibia to keep the lot.’ How the ship would have looked. It was a Portuguese ship which set sail from Lisbon in 1533 captained by Sir Francisco de Noronha, and vanished, along with its entire crew, while on a voyage to India Source:",0
16187,MORICI: Trump’s Toughest Challenge—Revving Up Growth - Breitbart,"Already President Trump is set to move decisively on the economy, but he must scale huge hurdles to accomplish 3 to 4 percent economic growth.  Radical policy changes are required —  tough to do even in this era of aggressive executive orders. [House leaders are working on corporate tax reform that will close loopholes, lower rates to internationally competitive levels, and shift part of the tax burden onto imports. It has a decent chance of winning enough bipartisan support in the Senate, but much more needs to be done.  Still many large businesses and most small ones are organized as limited liability corporations and pay taxes through the personal tax code —  after corporate tax reform they would be saddled with effective rates above 40 percent while their corporate rivals pay half that rate or less. Congress only has so much tax writing bandwidth, and personal tax reform may be booted into next year. Also, Treasury   Steven Mnuchin has stated that upper income individuals will not see a reduction in their overall tax burden, but they pay more than 80 percent of the personal income taxes. Hence it remains a puzzle as to how taxes can be meaningfully cut to stimulate growth. Whenever and whatever congress ultimately decides, genuine tax relief will require bigger deficits. Those are an anathema to many Republicans and in any case don’t guarantee growth. George W. Bush slashed personal income taxes, Barack Obama expanded entitlements, and both relied in some considerable measure on bigger deficits as opposed to pruning spending elsewhere. Yet, each presided over moribund recoveries. Trade deficits with China and on oil directly subtract $500 billion annually from the demand for American made goods and services, kill millions of jobs, stifle RD, and tax growth. Confronting China on trade with a 45 percent tariff alone won’t get Beijing to stop undervaluing its currency, subsidizing exports, and cease blocking market access for   goods and services. It can push back by harassing U. S. companies with operations in China and imposing new barriers on U. S. products, and more broadly by squeezing Taiwan, upping the ante on militarization of the South China Sea, and further enabling North Korea. Trump must gird for a broad crisis with China, deploy the full range of America’s geopolitical and economic assets, and compel Beijing to reckon with the fact that their shaky economy cannot withstand an all front confrontation with the United States without risking the Communist Party’s grip on power. Energy and Interior Departments committed to opening up drilling in the eastern Gulf and off the Atlantic and Pacific Coasts —  and ending the endless federal harassment of shale producers —  could make America energy independent. However, as with many other issues, the lack of 60 Republican votes in the Senate will require guerrilla warfare to accomplish the results American voters deserve for awarding Trump the presidency. On the supply side, it’s a lot more expensive to start a business and make things in America than in the 1980s and 90s, because of the growth of the regulatory state. Just compliance with labor market, health care, financial, environmental regulations and the like require hundreds of thousands of employees and cost businesses billions of dollars. Imposing an efficacy test on regulations —  requiring just what is absolutely needed to accomplish legitimate goals for protecting workers, the environment, consumers and financial stability, and then jettisoning the rest —  should be the overarching objective as Trump’s cabinet goes to work at Labor, EPA, Treasury and elsewhere in the far flung federal regulatory apparatus. A good deal of what Obama imposed was by fiat —  executive orders that can now be repealed. However, he also imposed overly aggressive and burdensome regulations established under statutes, and those are more difficult and time consuming to nix. Just as the law required the Obama administration to publish and take public comment on proposed regulations before imposing new rules —  and then endure legal challenges from businesses and Republican state officials —  the Trump administration will have to repeat those steps and face litigation from environmental groups, labor unions, and Democratic governors. All can be axed or reshaped by congress, but the Trump administration can expect a pitched battle from progressive Senate Democrats dedicated to remaking the American economy in the   high unemployment model of continental Europe. After losing the presidential election, muffing the opportunity to capture the Senate, and managing to hold only 16 state governorships —  not to mention their minority standing in the House and most state legislatures —  we likely won’t be hearing Obama pontificating on the sidelines that elections have consequences. Instead, we can expect the only remaining consequential Democrats —  those who can filibuster against the popular will in the Senate —  to rely on the 60 vote rule to try to run out the clock until the 2020 presidential elections. In the end, Republicans in congress may have to resort to a grand budget reconciliation bill —  or for their senators to reluctantly vote to suspend the 60 vote rule —  to push through a panoply of reforms, and Trump will have to marshal public support for radical measures to overcome a barrage of criticism and protests from liberal politicians and the media. Bigger than his vision and knack for picking competent executives will be his salesmanship. America’s first dealmaker is not a man inclined to small deeds, and these will be the measure of his presidency. Peter Morici is an economist and business professor at the University of Maryland, and a national columnist.",0
16188,Russia puzzled by Norways decision to host US Marines,"Russia 'puzzled' by Norway's decision to host US Marines page: 1 link Norway is to break a decades-old commitment not to host foreign troops on its soil by accommodating 330 US Marines next year. Russia, the apparent target of the buildup, said it was puzzled by the move. The Marines will be stationed at the Vaernes military base in central Norway from January, the Norwegian Defense Ministry said in a statement on Monday. The agreement for the deployment will be reviewed in the course of the year, it added. SOURCE I was one of the few posters on this forum who expressed that Norway's decision to have Marines deployed on its home soil was significant. Part of the reason I believe it is significant is Russia's reaction to the move. Our opinions mean nothing in this matter. If Russia considers the move to be significant then it's significant. I wonder if posters will be able to put aside their egos for this thread and not focus on their view of this issue but focus on Russia's view. Quoting from the article linked above: ""The deployment appears to be in line with NATO's strategy to boost its military presence close to Russia’s borders. The alliance decided to send four 1,000-strong battalions each to Poland and the Baltic states, claiming it was needed to deter Russia."" Please put it all in context from Russia's point of view. edit on 26-10-2016 by Profusion because: (no reason given)",0
16189,"Colombia: And now, “narco torpedoes” | Opinion - Conservative","(Before It's News)
InSight Crime reports on sailboats transporting cocaine by towing packages tied with dead weights, Why Colombia Traffickers Love High-Tech ‘Narco Torpedoes’. As the article points out, reports of trafficking by underwater towing have been circulating for several years, in addition to submarines used since the 1990s and the ever-present speedboats. Here’s their graphic (click to go […]",0
16190,Dems could be up on charges for inciting Trump rally violence,"Mon, 24 Oct 2016 18:05 UTC Criminal defense attorney says both DNC and Clinton campaign guilty of 'numerous' crimes Undercover videos, released this week by conservative activist group Project Veritas, show Democratic operatives conspiring to incite violence at Trump rallies — and may be enough to warrant a federal investigation. Hillary Clinton has already faced one FBI investigation for her use of a private server to transmit and store emails while she was secretary of state, and now her campaign could face a second one into the Democrats' long tradition of violent agitation. ""This is not just about inciting riots, which is bad enough, it is also about a confessed conspiracy to try to steal an election through violence."" ""There is sufficient factual predicate to open an investigation"" into the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign's involvement in the conspiracies described in the videos, Brady Toensing, a white-collar criminal defense attorney, told LifeZette. "" The potential crimes admitted to on the tapes are numerous,"" Toensing said. ""There are civil rights violations and the crime of inciting a riot. But all you need is one, and then a conspiracy to commit any of these crimes is itself a federal felony, which on its own comes with up to five years in prison,"" he added. ""There are also numerous potential state law violations and civil causes of action."" © Project Veritas Scott Foval In one of the videos, Democratic consultant and Field Director for Americans United for Change Scott Foval admitted to paying people to incite violence at Trump events. ""The bird-dogging. The aggressive bird-dogging. What I call it is 'conflict engagement,'"" Foval said. ""Conflict engagement in the lines at Trump rallies? We're starting anarchy. And he needs to understand that we're starting anarchy, "" he continued. ""We have mentally ill people that we pay to do sh**, make no mistake,"" Foval added. ""If you're there and you're protesting and you do these actions, you will be attacked at Trump rallies. That's what we want."" ""Foval is describing what is called conduct laundering, but they got sloppy,"" said Toensing, a former U.S. Senate legislative aide for campaign financing who has represented clients in multiple state and federal campaign finance investigations. ""In their arrogance, they bragged about the scheme on tape and, as part of that scheme, engaged a convicted felon, having him visit the White House more than three hundred times. It raises serious questions that call out for compelled answers given under oath,"" Toensing continued. © Project Veritas ""Wherever Trumps and Pence are going to be, we have events and we have a whole team across the country that does both consultants and people from the Democratic Party. And the Democratic Party apparatus and the people from the campaign, the Clinton campaign and my role with the campaign is to manage all that."" - Robert Creamer The felon to whom Toensing refers is Robert Creamer, a Democratic operative, DNC member, and head of the Democracy Partners organization, who spent five months in prison in 2006 on bank fraud and tax evasion charges. Creamer is the link between the campaign and Foval. ""We are contracted directly to the DNC and the campaign,"" Foval said in the video. ""I am contracted to [Creamer] but I answer to the head [of] special events for the DNC and the head of the special events and political for the campaign,"" he explained. Ultimately the campaign is responsible for his ""rapid response"" operations, Foval claimed. ""The campaign pays DNC, DNC pays Democracy Partners, Democracy Partners pays the Foval Group, the Foval Group goes and executes the sh** on the ground,"" he said. Another man caught on the video, Aaron Black, confirmed this relationship. Black identified himself as the ""deputy rapid response director for the DNC for all things Trump on the ground,"" and claimed his role is secret. ""Nobody's really supposed to know about me,"" Black said. Black also said it was this conspiracy that orchestrated the violence in Chicago. ""So the Chicago protest, when they shut all that, that was us. It was more [Creamer] than me, but none of this is supposed to come back to us because we want it coming from people. We don't want it to come from the party."" Creamer himself implicated Clinton directly in this nefarious scheme. ""I mean, Hillary knows through the chain of command what's going on,"" he said. ""The campaign is fully in it."" © Project Veritas Aaron Black aka Aaron Minter This activity is a clear violation of 18 U.S.C. Section 2101, which forbids the use of ""any facility of interstate or foreign commerce, including, but not limited to, the mail, telegraph, telephone, radio, or television with intent to incite a riot; or to organize promote, encourage, or carry on a riot; or to ... aid or abet any person in inciting or participating in or carrying on a riot or committing any act of violence in furtherance of a riot."" ""The shredding machines and BleachBit were probably put to work right after the release of these tapes. So time is of the essence,"" Toensing said. ""The Republican Party should demand that state and federal authorities immediately open an investigation. They should demand that a grand jury be convened, that forthwith subpoenas be served, and that search warrants be executed,"" he suggested. There are other ways an investigation could be initiated, according to Toensing. ""Congress can do its own investigation,"" said Toensing. ""There's talk about that but they're out of session right now,"" he added. ""Someone could [also] go to a local U.S. attorney where the offence occurred,"" Toensing continued. ""If conduct spreads to a certain area, the local authorities have jurisdiction and the local district attorney can convene a jury,"" he said. ""The FBI could [also] open an investigation on its own,"" Toensing noted. He also pointed out that the Secret Service has grounds to open an investigation into ""people who are intentionally fomenting violence and creating a hazard for [a] candidate."" In either case, however, ""the U.S. attorney would then decide whether to proceed."" Unfortunately, as Toensing observed, ""the U.S. attorneys are appointed by Obama."" The way Obama's Justice Department handled the Clinton email investigation — not to mention the implications for Obama if the DNC and Clinton campaign are prosecuted for a federal conspiracy — doesn't exactly breed confidence that the administration will take action. ""I wouldn't hold my breath,"" Toensing said. Even if the Obama administration refuses to act, however, it is likely others involved will face consequences for their actions. ""This is not just about inciting riots, which is bad enough,"" said Toensing. ""It is also about a confessed conspiracy to try to steal an election through violence."" The Left has been conspiring to bring about political change through violence since its very inception. Foval himself expresses this truth perfectly in the recording. Conservatives ""have fewer guys willing to step out on the line for what they believe in,"" Foval said. ""There is a level of adherence to rules on the other side."" Comment: ""In the beginning the organizer's first job is to create the issues or problems."" ― Saul D. Alinsky, ""Rules for Radicals: A Pragmatic Primer for Realistic Radicals."" Killary was one of Alinsky's protégés and actually wrote her thesis on his political model.",0
16191,Dashcam: Chief Caught Doing Over 100 mph Only for Fellow Cops to Stop Him and Laugh About It,"DAPL Protesters Proven Right as Largest Gas Pipeline in U.S. Experiences Massive and Deadly Explosion Home / Badge Abuse / Dashcam: Chief Caught Doing Over 100 mph Only for Fellow Cops to Stop Him and Laugh About It Dashcam: Chief Caught Doing Over 100 mph Only for Fellow Cops to Stop Him and Laugh About It Claire Bernish November 1, 2016 Leave a comment 
Brinkley, AR — Dashcam video showing preferential treatment of an Arkansas police chief has him scrambling to defend himself for being let off easy — without so much as a warning — after speeding to an off-duty job as a referee at a football game. 
Footage obtained by THV11 from Arkansas State Police following a viewer tip, shows Brinkley Police Chief Edward Randle being pulled over in his personal vehicle, a red pickup truck, near Clarendon on Friday, October 21. 
A state trooper assisted an officer from the Brinkley force upon request, and makes a U-turn after witnessing the speeding red pickup driving in the opposite direction, to make the stop. 
As the trooper approaches the driver’s side, dashcam video shows he immediately recognized the Brinkley chief of police, and laughingly asks, “Where are you going so fast?” 
Randle — obviously familiar to the state trooper — isn’t asked to produce identification, and tells the officer he’s headed for the game, which he later clarified for THV11 was the Clarendon-Marvell football game. 
At that point, the Brinkley officer, who had summoned state police for assistance with the stop, also approaches Randle — as the trooper tells the chief the officer had been tailing him for miles when he finally called for assistance. 
“I know you didn’t call the State Police!” Randle quips to the Brinkley officer. 
“I didn’t have your plate,” the officer replies, “so it didn’t go over.” 
As THV11 posits, that statement “could indicate that, since the officer did not announce the truck’s license plate number into his radio, nobody else would know the chief had been pulled over.” 
The trio laughs about the chief’s excessive speed, and the officer tells him, “I had you locked in at 107.” 
“It won’t do 107. It’ll only do 95,” Randle responds, referring to a governor capping his truck’s speed, as he later explained to THV11 in an unrecorded interview. 
After a few more laughs, the officer tells Randle he measured the truck’s speed over 90 miles an hour — and the chief was still pulling away at the time. 
Despite the obvious dangers of such high speeds on the narrow, curvy road, both the trooper and Brinkley officer simply walk away from the truck, as the officer says dismissively, “See you later, Chief.” 
Video captures the last exchange between the two cops as Randle pulls away — the state trooper notes he clocked the chief doing “71 at the curve.” 
In two phone interviews with THV11 — which were not recorded, by request — Randle disputes he ever came close to the truck’s alleged top possible speed of 95, as well as the trooper’s claim in dashcam footage he had been rounding the curve at 71 mph. 
Additionally, “Though the state trooper claimed that the officer had been pursuing Randle for miles, Randle told THV11 that the officer was on his way to Clarendon to get fingerprints from someone at the county jail.” 
THV11 spoke with local business owner, Benjamin Martin, who first noticed the stop by a Brinkley officer inside Clarendon city limits. 
“I find it, you know, very disheartening, that anyone, public official or not, would show such blatant disregard for the speed limit, and put the lives of innocent others at risk,” Martin told the station in a video interview. 
“I just feel that no one’s above the law, and you know, if it was me, I would’ve gotten a ticket.” 
Indeed, the public might be lucky the off-duty Brinkley police chief didn’t lose control of his vehicle while traveling at such a high rate of speed — simply to make it to a football game. 
Neither the Brinkley officer nor the state trooper are being investigated for wrongdoing — despite giving the chief a free pass. Arkansas State Police told THV11 the incident fell under control of the Brinkley Police Department as soon as the officer arrived on scene, even though the trooper affected the stop. 
“As a chief of police, and as a law enforcement officer, you’re sworn to protect and serve,” Martin asserted, “which is the opposite of putting the lives of others at risk.” 
Although nothing serious resulted from Randle’s excessive speeds, it was notorious blue privilege that allowed him to drive away without even a warning. 
These seemingly small favors afforded to police by police on a constant basis highlight the divide civilians feel in their encounters with law enforcement. Indeed, the idea police belong to an exclusive club of impunity — simply because of their chosen occupation — only increases tension and resentment in their communities. 
If police don’t uphold and enforce the laws they enforce against civilians, the law becomes an arbitrary, exploitive method for generating revenue — and nothing more. Share Social Trending",0
16192,13 Killed in Texas as Church Bus and Pickup Truck Collide - The New York Times,"Thirteen people who were on their way home from a church retreat in southwest Texas were killed Wednesday afternoon when their bus collided   with a pickup truck, officials said. The bus, which was carrying 14 people, most of them parishioners in their 50s or older from First Baptist Church in New Braunfels, was traveling south on Route 83, about 100 miles west of San Antonio, when it collided with a Dodge pickup just before 12:30 p. m. according to Lt. Johnny Hernandez, a spokesman for the Texas Department of Public Safety, and Barron Casteel, the mayor of New Braunfels. The driver of the pickup, the truck’s only occupant, and one other were injured, Lieutenant Hernandez said. It was not yet clear how the crash occurred, he said. Mr. Casteel called the church a “pillar” of the community that has long been involved in youth programs. “It’s just awfully sad,” he said. “All of us will be affected because we’re a small town and we’re going to be part of those families who lost loved ones. ” The families were working to recover the bodies of the deceased, he said. In a statement posted on Facebook on Wednesday afternoon, the church said that the bus was carrying a group of older adults who were on their way home from a   retreat at Alto Frio Baptist Encampment, which is about 130 miles from New Braunfels. “We are ministering to family members to help them deal with this tragedy,” the statement read. “Counselors will be on hand at the church tomorrow. If you’re a Christian, you can pray for those who lost their loved ones and for the church family. ” Gov. Greg Abbott and his wife, Cecilia, offered their condolences to the victims and their families. “We are saddened by the loss of life and our hearts go out to all those affected,” Governor Abbott said in a statement. “We thank the first responders working on the scene in the wake of this unimaginable tragedy, and ask that all Texans join us in offering their thoughts and prayers. ” The church is well known in New Braunfels for the youth activities it hosts, particularly Upward Basketball, a program that it runs out of its own gym, said Mayor Casteel, who grew up in the city and took office in May 2014. Even though he attended a different church growing up, Mr. Casteel said, he would sometimes attend Sunday school at First Baptist with his friends. He also went to summer camp with the church. “We still have that very   feel we all know each other,” he said. The church, whose former minister also served as mayor, has long been a fixture in the city, which has about 75, 000 residents. “It’s been there forever,” Mayor Casteel said.",0
16193,"Twitter, Trump’s Trusty Weapon, Could Backfire - The New York Times","You may have heard the theory that Silicon Valley has been instrumental in the rise of Donald J. Trump. The idea goes like this: Unlike many of his political rivals, Mr. Trump seems to understand that social media has become the nervous system of the American news business. On Twitter, where he regularly regales his millions of followers with   bursts of id, Mr. Trump’s posts are mainlined and amplified by the rest of the media with one or two tweets, he can dominate cable TV, the web, newspapers and talk radio for an entire day. The pattern was on display again this week, when Mr. Trump blasted The New York Times over a critical story about his treatment of women. This theory is not exactly bunk. It’s true that Mr. Trump’s Twitter feed, with its staccato cadences and unending exclamation marks, can be irresistible even to his critics. He is among a handful of politicians who use Twitter as real people do  —   casually, bitingly and free of the jargon that clogs up most other pols’ tweets. Mr. Trump has also cultivated a Twitter fan base that can be domineering in its attempts to harangue and silence critics, another force multiplier in the    war for media dominance. But don’t bet that Mr. Trump’s mastery over social media will help him in November. He has used Twitter as a tool to foment culturewide rage  —   it’s his big, inescapable bullhorn. Yet winning a presidential campaign involves more than simply whipping up unfocused outrage. It also requires more discrete, personalized messaging targeted to specific sets of voters and potential volunteers, a goal for which Twitter is spectacularly ill suited. The point of a modern American presidential campaign is to inspire and turn out as many of your voters as possible while avoiding inspiring similar passion for your opponent. In 2008 and 2012, Barack Obama’s campaign pioneered some of the most effective ways to use social media and   organizing to win political campaigns. The Obama operation turned unfocused online passion into a          operation whose effectiveness surprised longtime political observers. Mr. Trump has eschewed many of the Obama team’s     efforts. In contrast, Hillary Clinton’s campaign has doubled down on the   approach. Veterans of the Obama campaign say this could be Mr. Trump’s costliest mistake in the election. If the Internet has been Mr. Trump’s secret weapon so far, it may soon turn into his Achilles’ heel. “The biggest mistake he can make is thinking that the general is going to be like the primary,” said David Plouffe, who managed Mr. Obama’s first presidential campaign and is now an executive at Uber. Mr. Trump will need to attract voters who previously voted for Mr. Obama and those who don’t usually vote at all. Compared to voters in the Republican primary, these general election voters hold more moderate views, and may be less plugged in to  —   and perhaps even repulsed by  —   the   hurricane of news that Mr. Trump has so far succeeded in creating. Yet Twitter, by its very nature, won’t let Mr. Trump pivot to some gentler version of himself. With its character limit and an interface that’s inscrutable to nonusers, Twitter tends to penalize nuance and moderation, while rewarding hot takes and bombast. Just about every discussion on the platform turns into a preening flame war, and just about any attempt to dive into substance is mocked by the platform’s cool kids. In other words, Twitter is like a partisan primary election. From Mr. Trump’s slogan to many of his policy ideas  —   build a wall, ban Muslims  —   his message has been perfectly tailored to the medium. But now, if he tries to expand his message beyond   issues for the right, Mr. Trump may feel caged in by a platform that takes a dim view of  . We’re already seeing signs of this dynamic playing out. Consider  Mr. Trump’s Twitter post to celebrate Cinco de Mayo  —   a picture of himself eating a taco bowl made at Trump Tower with a caption proclaiming, “I love Hispanics!” That tweet ricocheted across the media  —   it’s his   post in months  —   but not for the reasons Mr. Trump might have intended. Rather than being greeted as an honest attempt to reach out to a voting group that overwhelmingly dislikes him, the taco bowl post was widely mocked as an obvious,   pander. The failure makes sense: If there’s a chance that Mr. Trump’s views about Latinos are indeed more inclusive than we’ve been led to believe, Twitter is the worst place for him to explain the complexities of his ideas. Twitter doesn’t allow for complexity to express a move toward inclusiveness on Twitter, “I love [insert demographic group]!” may be the best you can do. This gets to the larger problem with Mr. Trump’s reliance on social media. Twitter is effectively a mass medium in an election that may be decided by a far more personalized approach. “For example, Hillary Clinton’s campaign will know every voter in Hamilton County, Ohio, who is certain to vote for her, and every voter who might vote for her but hasn’t decided yet,” Mr. Plouffe said. The campaign has collected and analyzed reams of data about those voters from public records, online interactions and   events. It can turn all that data into   action. “We found out that the more you know about who voters actually are, the better you can figure out the right person to talk to them to persuade them to go to the polls,” Mr. Plouffe said. Mr. Obama won the 2012 election by 4 percentage points nationally. Mr. Plouffe estimated that without the       effort, the race would have ended in an effective tie, and Mr. Obama would have lost a few huge states, including Florida. Mr. Trump’s campaign did not respond to a request to discuss how the candidate will use the Internet in his general election campaign. But in a recent interview with The Associated Press, Mr. Trump dismissed the Obama   approach. “I’ve always felt it was overrated,” Mr. Trump told The A. P. “Obama got the votes much more so than his   machine. And I think the same is true with me. ” He said he would stick to the strategy that has worked for him so far, including holding more of his trademark crowded rallies. Buzz Jacobs, a Republican political consultant who worked on John McCain’s campaign in 2008 and on Marco Rubio’s run this year, said Mr. Trump would benefit from the Republican Party’s     effort. But he was puzzled by Mr. Trump’s comments on the Obama field operation. “If it’s true that the campaign is going to disregard data wholesale, that would be alarming, and would leave them way behind the Clinton campaign, then we’ll lose,” Mr. Jacobs said. Sasha Issenberg, a journalist who chronicled the rise of   electioneering in his book “The Victory Lab: The Secret Science of Winning Campaigns,” argued Mr. Trump’s approach could easily backfire. The key danger in Mr. Trump’s style of campaigning, Mr. Issenberg said, was the risk of inflaming his opponents as he pushes his own message. “Trump is very much a creature of mass media, and his use of Twitter fits that paradigm,” Mr. Issenberg said. “He’s put together as large an audience as possible. He doesn’t distinguish whether these are people who vote or don’t vote, whether they’re in the U. S. whether they’re over 18, and whether they support him or Hillary Clinton. His goal seems to be to produce content there that lands in front of as large an audience as possible. ” But throwing out content haphazardly is the last thing a campaign should do. “It’s immensely counterproductive for him to put out a     message in front of a Hillary Clinton supporter,” Mr. Issenberg said. Yet every day from now until Election Day, there’s a chance that Mr. Trump will do just that. Last week, he got into a flame war with Elizabeth Warren, the Massachusetts senator and lefty heroine, who was clearly trying to bait him into a fight that would energize the Democratic base. A more sober candidate might have resisted. But not a denizen of Twitter, where restraint is tantamount to defeat. Better than anyone else, Mr. Trump knows that on Twitter, you’ve got to always amp it up  —   even if it means turning everyone off.",0
16194,Take Your Flu Shots And Stick Them Up Your Ass,"  Baxter Dmitry in Health // 0 Comments 
Flu shots are the greatest medical fraud in history. They contain formaldehyde and mercury – two powerful neurotoxins – and the vaccine industry even admits that laboratory tests prove the popular jab does not work. 
Why is a toxic, medical hoax, backed by nothing but voodoo faith-based dogma and clever marketing, pushed on the whole population every year? 
Vaccines are the one medicine where no scientific evidence of safety or efficacy is required by anyone: not the FDA, not the CDC and not the media. Congress even passed a law protecting the vaccine industry with absolute legal immunity, even when they manufacture and sell defective products that injure and kill people. 
And vaccine manufacturers have been lying to us for years about toxic levels of mercury in flu shots. Everybody knows mercury is toxic to inject into the human body. That’s not debated except by irrational anti-science denialists. So why won’t manufacturers remove the mercury 
SEE THE EVIDENCE FOR YOURSELF 
Mike Adams reports : 
To prove the presence of mercury in influenza vaccines, I’m going to show you four irrefutable pieces of evidence: 
1) Photographs of a 2013 / 2014 influenza vaccine box admitting, in very small print, to the addition of mercury to the vaccine as a preservative. 
2) Photographs of the influenza vaccine insert once again repeating the admission that the vaccine contains mercury. 
3) A screen shot from the Centers for Disease Control website which admits that vaccines still contain the following ingredients: Aluminum, Antibiotics, Egg Protein, Formaldehyde, Monosodium Glutamate (MSG) and Thimerosal, a mercury-containing chemical compound. 
4) Lab results from the Natural News Forensic Food Lab which confirmed almost precisely the same level of mercury claimed by the manufacturer (GlaxoSmithKline). 
Before I show you the irrefutable evidence, there is some good news in all this testing. As part of this investigation, I tested several different vaccines, including an HPV vaccine. Mercury levels were extremely low in these other vaccines. Only the flu shot contained extremely high mercury levels. 
INFLUENZA VACCINE BOX ADMITS SAFETY NEVER ESTABLISHED FOR PREGNANT WOMEN 
As you can see below, the box for this Flulaval Influenza Virus Vaccine readily admits the use of thimerosal which contains mercury. (Of course, you have to use a magnifying glass to see this.) In microscopic text on the package insert, it says straight out, “Register women who receive Flulaval while pregnant in the pregnancy registry by calling 1-888-452-9622.” 
Yet, at the same time, the insert also admits that “safety and efficacy have not been established in pregnant women.” 
In other words, this vaccine containing mercury is being promoted for use in pregnant women even when no safety in pregnant women has ever been established. 
It’s also important to note that when people are being given flu shots, they are never handed the package or the insert , so they have no opportunity to read any of this information unless they specifically ask for it. 
It’s not like a food item with a “Nutrition Facts” label. Vaccines are sold in “stealth” mode where patients have no idea what’s in them and no opportunity to read possible warnings. 
As further proof of this point, consider the fact that this flu vaccine comes with only one insert , yet it’s a 10-dose vial intended to be injected into 10 different people. Clearly, if there’s only one insert but 10 people, then 9 out of 10 people can’t possibly be handed the insert. 
UNETHICAL MEDICINE ADMINISTERED WITHOUT INFORMED CONSENT (A VIOLATION OF MEDICAL ETHICS) 
In fact, from a legal perspective, vaccines are routinely injected into people without informed consent. Virtually no one administering vaccines ever explains the risks vs. benefits of vaccines as is required under medical ethics and state medical law. In nearly all cases, patients are simply hoodwinked and told there are no risks at all. 
The second piece of evidence to reveal here is the package insert for the influenza vaccine, a document printed in microscopic text that’s almost impossible to read without a magnifying glass. 
Of course, the intention is that no one ever read this document, because it contains shocking admissions of the total quackery and marketing deception behind flu shots. 
As you can see from this snapshot, the package insert readily admits that each vaccine dose “contains 50 mcg thimerosal (<25 mcg mercury).” 
In case you’re wondering, “mcg” means micrograms. A microgram is 1/1000th of a milligram. Mercury is toxic at any dose when injected into the body, even in micrograms. There is no such thing as a “safe” form of mercury when injected. In fact, the ethyl form of mercury used in vaccines is many times more toxic than methyl form once it enters human cells. Click here for a fascinating interview with mercury toxicity expert Dr. Chris Shade who explains this extremely important concept. 
The same paragraph shown above also admits the vaccine contains formaldehyde, a potent neurotoxic chemical. 
VACCINE INSERT ADMITS SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS HAVE NEVER BEEN ESTABLISHED 
What’s even more astonishing about this insert is that it openly admits the flu shot is a complete medical hoax, backed by nothing but voodoo woo woo faith-based dogma (and clever marketing). 
Here are actual words from the insert (which is much more lengthy than the snapshot shown above): 
“There have been no controlled trials adequately demonstrating a decrease in influenza disease after vaccination with Flulaval.” 
“Safety and effectiveness of Flulaval have not been established in pregnant women, nursing mothers or children.” 
“Safety and effectiveness of Flulaval in pediatric patients have not been established.” 
“Flulaval has not been evaluated for carcinogenic or mutagenic potential, or for impairment of fertility.” 
“Do not administer Flulaval to anyone… following previous administration of any influenza vaccine.” 
CDC ADMITS USE OF MERCURY, MSG, FORMALDEHYDE 
For those “mercury denialists” who still can’t believe flu shots given to pregnant women contain high concentrations of toxic mercury, even the CDC reluctantly admits this fact on its own website. 
Here’s a screen shot from the CDC’s vaccine additives page , which miraculously hasn’t yet been removed from their site: 
LABORATORY RESULTS FROM THE FORENSIC FOOD LAB 
The final piece of irrefutable evidence on all this comes from my own scientific laboratory, where I run ICP-MS instrumentation to test foods, beverages, dietary supplements and other items for heavy metals contamination. 
I was the first food researcher to document high levels of tungsten in brown rice protein, and I’ve exposed alarming levels of lead in pet treats. I’ve also exposed high lead in ginkgo biloba herbal supplements imported from China. 
When I finally got around to testing vaccines, I was shocked to find over 51,000 ppb mercury in the Influenza Virus Vaccine. 
Why was I shocked? Because I don’t recall ever seeing anything run through my ICP-MS instrument with that high a concentration of mercury. The mercury in this flu vaccine was the HIGHEST concentration of mercury I’ve ever seen in anything, period! 
And this is a product that’s injected directly into the bodies of pregnant women, where mercury goes right into the developing fetus. 
What’s even more interesting is that this finding once again confirms the accuracy of my lab instrumentation because it’s almost in perfect agreement with the level of mercury detailed on the vaccine package insert. 
Let’s do the math: 
* Each dose of an influenza vaccine is 0.5 mL in volume * My lab found just over 50 ppm of mercury in the vaccine liquid. * 50 ppm (concentration) x 0.5 mL (volume) equals 25 mcg of mercury. 
Guess what the package insert says? (Up to) 25 mcg of mercury per dose. Near-perfect agreement, in other words. My finding of 51 ppm rather than 50 ppm either means my own tests were off by about 2% (which is still considered very accurate for ICP-MS testing) or that GSK put 2% extra mercury into the vaccine. 
And just so you know I actually did the tests, here’s what else we found with other analytes: 
Aluminum: 0.4 ppm Cadmium: zero Lead: zero 
So, I can confidently say that the flu vaccine won’t poison you with lead, cadmium or arsenic because it contains none of those things. Even the aluminum level is quite low and not a concern at this very low level. The real problem is just the mercury, at least as far as elements go. 
WHY WON’T VACCINE MAKERS REMOVE THE MERCURY? 
Good question. Everybody knows mercury is toxic to inject into the human body. That’s not debated except by irrational anti-science denialists who refuse to acknowledge the Table of Elements. 
You have to wonder: why choose mercury as a preservative? And why do both the CDC and FDA continue to look the other way as an entire branch of modern medicine poisons our women and children with a neurotoxic heavy metal? 
And if vaccine promoters, propagandists and patent holders want the world to accept all their vaccines, why don’t they just remove the mercury and be done with it? If they take out all the toxic elements, resistance to vaccines would all but evaporate. 
WHY VACCINES ARE THE “ANTI-SCIENCE” MEDICAL VOODOO OF THE MODERN WORLD 
Ever wonder why they don’t conduct legitimate clinical trials on flu vaccine efficacy? Probably because they know the results would have to be faked to show any efficacy at all. That’s what Merck did with its mumps vaccines, according to two former virologists who worked there. They spiked human blood samples with animal antibodies to fabricate positive results. Yep, vaccines work so poorly that even the manufacturers have to fake their own results to show any efficacy. 
Vaccines are the one medicine where no scientific evidence of safety or efficacy is required by anyone: not the FDA, not the CDC and not the media. Congress even passed a law protecting the vaccine industry with absolute legal immunity, even when they manufacture and sell defective products that injure and kill people. 
How’s that for medicine we can all trust? Think about it: this is a product that contains multiple neurotoxins in very high concentrations; a product backed by no safety trials or efficacy data; a product linked to numerous serious adverse reactions; and yet a product that enjoys absolute legal immunity thanks to the U.S. government. 
If that’s not outright medical quackery, I don’t know what is. 
For the record, I’m not an opponent of all vaccines. But I do believe — as do a rapidly increasing number of other clear-thinking people — that medicine should not poison our women and children . It’s time for mercury to be removed from all vaccines, once and for all. Anything less is medical negligence. 
NEW VIDEO INTERVIEW ABOUT FLU SHOT FAILURES 
Ultimately, We the People will be victorious in the removal of mercury from all vaccines — an idea that’s already well accepted across much of Europe. And when that day comes, it will be yet another victory for the amazing community of millions of remarkable people working together for the protection of our children, our health and our world.",0
16195,"GOP Rep Gohmert: ’No Collusion’ Between Trump Admin, Russia - ’We Can Drop’ the Special Counsel - Breitbart","Tuesday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends First,” Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) argued now that we know there is no collusion between the Trump administration and the Russian government, we can drop the special counsel probe headed up by former FBI Director Robert Mueller.  “[W]e now know there is no collusion between this administration and Russia  —   so we can drop the Independent Counsel, the Special Counsel  —   there is no further need,” he said. Gohmert argued instead that a spotlight should be shined on the collusion within the Department of Justice. “And now that we know the collusion between Comey and Mueller,” he continued. “He ran things by Mueller before he testified. He also ran things by other people in the Justice Department when he did the memo. There is so much collusion  —    real collusion in the Justice Department. ” “[Mueller] needs to recuse himself from this matter,” Gohmert added. “We don’t need a special counsel. That was a ruse, once again, by the dishonest Comey. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
16196,"Is Trump Being Investigated? ‘No Comment,’ Justice Dept. Says - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   President Trump’s weekend Twitter message asserting that former President Barack Obama had tapped his phones forced the White House into ever more verbal contortions on Thursday as aides struggled to defend the president’s charge. In the latest iteration, the Justice Department declined to comment on whether Mr. Trump is  —   or is not  —   the subject of an investigation. “No comment,” a department official said. In normal circumstances, a “no comment” from the Justice Department on the status of any investigation would be standard practice. And certainly there has never been any indication that Mr. Trump himself was the target of inquiries by the department and congressional intelligence committees into possible contacts between his associates and members of the Russian government. But by venting his ire against Mr. Obama in a series of Twitter messages at dawn on Saturday, Mr. Trump awkwardly raised that possibility himself, since any wiretapping could have been the direct result of an investigation targeting him. One presidential tweet in particular  —   “how low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process”  —   clearly portrayed Mr. Trump as the victim of surveillance. Thursday’s verbal gymnastics actually started on Wednesday when Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, insisted to reporters that the president is not the target of a counterintelligence investigation involving contacts with Russia. He said, flatly, that “there is no reason to believe there is any type of investigation with respect to the Department of Justice. ” That prompted Thursday’s comments from a Justice Department official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the case. The official said that Mr. Spicer had not relied on any information from the department in denying the existence of an investigation targeting the president. Which led a few hours later to an   by Mr. Spicer, who was asked how he knew, definitively, that the president was not a target. Mr. Spicer conceded that the White House does not know whether the Justice Department has targeted the president in a   investigation. “I said I’m not aware and we’re not aware and that’s why we want the House and Senate to do what the president has asked of them, to look into this,” Mr. Spicer said. “But no, we’re not aware. ” When reporters asked him to reconcile the difference between his statements, Mr. Spicer insisted that there was none. “Right, I mean I don’t know that they’re not interchangeable,” Mr. Spicer told reporters. “I’m not aware, I don’t believe. Look up in a thesaurus and find some other ways, but I don’t know that there’s a distinction there that’s noteworthy. But we’re not aware, I don’t believe that that exists. ” In his tweets, Mr. Trump appeared to be lashing out at what he views as a politically motivated effort to uncover the facts about Russia’s activities in the presidential election, including contacts between people linked to his campaign and Russian officials. The Federal Bureau of Investigation is conducting a   counterintelligence investigation into Russian campaign interference, and into the question of whether anyone in the Trump administration may have had knowledge of it. While investigators have found multiple contacts between Russia and people involved in the Trump campaign, no clear evidence of collusion has emerged publicly. But the White House’s frequent denials of any contact  —   followed by its public reversals  —   have only fueled questions in Congress and elsewhere. Committees in both the Senate and the House are examining Russia’s   and possible ties to the Trump campaign, but House Democrats pushed Thursday to go further. They introduced a bill  —   almost certain to die in the face of Republican opposition  —   requiring the Trump administration to turn over all documents on Russian campaign contacts. “There must be a full accounting of any and all ties between Russia, President Trump, his administration and his associates,” said Representative Ted Lieu of California, one of the Democratic sponsors. After Mr. Trump’s Twitter messages on Saturday morning alleging wiretapping, a spokesman for Mr. Obama vigorously denied the charge, saying in a statement that any suggestion that the former president ordered wiretaps on an American are “simply false. ” James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director, urged counterparts at the Justice Department to publicly refute Mr. Trump’s charge, officials said. Department officials have declined to do so, and Mr. Comey has remained silent on the issue publicly. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has recused himself from investigations involving Mr. Trump’s campaign after it was disclosed he met twice with the Russian ambassador. The man who would oversee any such investigations, Rod J. Rosenstein, is still awaiting Senate confirmation as deputy attorney general. At a confirmation hearing on Tuesday, Mr. Rosenstein repeatedly declined to say whether he would appoint a special counsel to handle the Russia investigation. “I am simply not in a position to answer the question because I don’t know the information,” he said.",0
16197,"As Crowds Grow for the Toronto Blue Jays, So Does Rowdy Behavior - The New York Times","TORONTO  —   In 2016 the Toronto Blue Jays enjoyed, by far, the largest attendance increase in Major League Baseball. In what was a natural result of last year’s riveting playoff run by the club, almost 600, 000 additional fans poured through the turnstiles at Rogers Centre, leaving the Blue Jays with the   attendance figure in the majors this season, behind only the Los Angeles Dodgers and the St. Louis Cardinals. For many years before that, the Toronto stadium was often a   concrete shell (or more than  ) a place where the crack of ball on bat echoed around the cavernous confines. But as the Blue Jays regained their swagger last season and this, the building has sprung to life again. With that has come more noise and more excitement but also some unruly behavior and even claims of verbal abuse directed at opposing players. “It’s hockey fans,” said Jason Kipnis, the second baseman for the Cleveland Indians, who played the Blue Jays in Game 3 of the American League Championship Series on Monday night. “And I mean that in the best way, because I’m a hockey fan, too. But that’s exactly what you want out of the fans. You want that little feeling, like that 1 percent feeling where I’m not sure I’m safe right here. ” That was actually the case in the Blue Jays’   playoff game against the Baltimore Orioles. During that tense contest, a spectator threw a can of beer onto the field as the Orioles’ Hyun Soo Kim settled under a fly ball in the seventh inning. The can flew about a foot behind Kim’s head and landed on the field, its sudsy contents spewing out. Kim’s teammate Adam Jones, playing center field, was irate and later said that he and Kim were victims of racial abuse from spectators, a claim corroborated by at least one fan in attendance. It was not the first time a projectile had been thrown onto the field at Rogers Centre. In 2013, a drink was hurled during a   game involving the Orioles. And last year, after a disputed umpiring call in Game 5 of an A. L. division series between the Blue Jays and the Texas Rangers, spectators showered the Rogers Centre field with plastic water bottles, beer cans and other items. It was a rowdy and unsettling scene, and it drew rebukes from both the Rangers and the Blue Jays. Bottles even came close to hitting Toronto Manager John Gibbons as he went out to argue the call. At the time, Gibbons made   remarks about almost getting hit on the head, but after the recent   game, his patience had run its course. “Enough already,” he said after that game. “Let us handle things on the field. ” After the beer can was thrown at Kim, the atmosphere in the stadium intensified, and at least a few fans said they heard others yelling racially abusive remarks at Jones and Kim. Avi Miller, a    Orioles fan, said in a telephone interview Monday that he was at the   game and had heard people yelling at Kim, who is South Korean, to go back to his country, and other things directed at Jones that he said he was not comfortable repeating. “I am convinced that 99 percent of the people who were booing were booing the person that threw the can of beer,” Miller said. “But some people around me took a very low approach and they were yelling at Kim. “It was disappointing to hear,” he added. Miller, who said he had been to games at more than 20 major league stadiums, said he had heard similar invective in other venues. But at the recent   game, it was worse, he said, even if it lasted only a few minutes. Miller said he was sitting in Section 130 down the   line, in foul territory, facing the direction from which the can was thrown. After the episode, he said, fans began yelling back and forth, and he suspected that alcohol might have played a role. “It was   basically happening after the incident,” he said. “Most of the people around me were very disappointed by it. They were annoyed by it, too. ” Asked if he heard racial abuse directed at Jones, he said, “Yes. ” On Oct. 7, three days after the game, the police in Toronto charged    Ken Pagan with mischief, saying he had thrown the can of beer. The arrest was made based on video and photographic evidence. Tyler Smith, Pagan’s lawyer, said his client faced a court date Nov. 10, when the state will turn over the evidence. Smith also said Pagan had stopped working at the media outlet Postmedia in the aftermath of the arrest. Smith said that he could not comment on the case until he saw the evidence. “This has had a huge impact on him,” Smith said Monday. “He was a guy who was well respected in his community, and now everyone is blaming him for the fact that beer is no longer served in cans at the games. He has a lot of enemies out there. ” The Blue Jays announced that for the remainder of the postseason, all beer would be poured into cups when sold to customers. Before Monday night’s game, there had been one playoff game played at Rogers Centre since the   contest  —   the Game 3   clincher in which the Blue Jays ousted the Rangers in a rematch from last year  —   and no trouble was reported. In their announcement, the Blue Jays said enhanced security measures would be in place to prove a “safe and enjoyable atmosphere. ” But it is also an atmosphere that has become a lot louder as the Blue Jays have revived on the field. “It’s definitely changed here the last couple of years,” Gibbons said. “There’s something to it. We feel it. And I don’t think it’s an easy place to play for an opponent. ”",0
16198,Trump May Turn to Arab Allies for Help With Israeli-Palestinian Relations - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump and his advisers, venturing for the first time into the fraught world of Middle East peacemaking, are developing a strategy on the   conflict that would enlist Arab nations like Saudi Arabia and Egypt to break years of deadlock. The emerging approach mirrors the thinking of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, who will visit the United States next week, and would build on his de facto alignment with Sunni Muslim countries in trying to counter the rise of   Iran. But Arab officials have warned Mr. Trump and his advisers that if they want cooperation, the United States cannot make life harder for them with provocative   moves. The White House seems to be taking the advice. Mr. Trump delayed his plan to move the United States Embassy to Jerusalem after Arab leaders told him that doing so would cause angry protests among Palestinians, who also claim the city as the capital of a future state. And after meeting with King Abdullah II of Jordan last week, Mr. Trump authorized a statement that, for the first time, cautioned Israel against building new West Bank settlements beyond existing lines. “There are some quite interesting ideas circulating on the potential for U. S.   discussions on regional security in which   issues would play a significant role,” said Robert Satloff, the executive director of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. “I don’t know if this is going to ripen by next week, but this stuff is out there. ” The discussions underscore the evolution of the new president’s attitude toward the   conflict as he delves deeper into the issue. During the campaign and the postelection transition, Mr. Trump presented himself as an unstinting supporter of Israel who would quickly move the embassy and support new settlement construction without reservation. But he has tempered that to a degree. The notion of recruiting Arab countries to help forge an agreement between Israelis and Palestinians  —   known as the “ ” approach  —   is not a new one. As secretary of state under President George Bush, James A. Baker III organized the first regional conference in 1991 at which Arab leaders sat down with Israel’s prime minister. President George W. Bush invited Arab leaders to a summit meeting with Israel in Annapolis, Md. in 2007. And President Barack Obama’s first special envoy, George Mitchell, spent months in 2009 trying to enlist Arab partners in a joint effort. The difference is that in the last eight years, Israel has grown closer to Sunni Arab nations because of their shared concern about Iranian hegemony in the region, opening the possibility that this newfound, if not always public, affiliation could change the dynamics. “The logic of   is that because the Palestinians are so weak and divided  —   and because there’s a new, tacit relationship between the Sunni Arabs and Israel  —   there’s the hope the Arabs would be prepared to do more,” said Dennis B. Ross, a Middle East peace negotiator under several presidents, including Mr. Obama. That is a departure from the countervailing assumption that if Israel first made peace with the Palestinians, it would lead to peace with the larger Arab world  —   the “ ” approach. That was at the core of President Bill Clinton’s attempts to bring the two sides together and was Mr. Obama’s fallback position after his efforts to find Arab partners failed. Mr. Netanyahu, who is due at the White House on Wednesday, has been talking about an   approach for a while. His theory is that the   approach has failed. And so, he argues, if Israel can transform its relationship with Sunni Arab nations, they can ultimately lead the way toward a resolution with the Palestinians. Jared Kushner, the senior White House adviser whom Mr. Trump has assigned a major role in negotiations, has been intrigued by this logic, according to people who have spoken with him. Mr. Kushner has grown close to Ron Dermer, the Israeli ambassador and a close confidant of Mr. Netanyahu’s. Mr. Trump and Mr. Kushner also had dinner at the White House on Thursday night with Sheldon Adelson, the casino magnate, who is a key supporter of Mr. Netanyahu. A series of telephone conversations and personal meetings with Arab and regional leaders in recent weeks have also shaped Mr. Kushner’s thinking and that of the president. Mr. Trump has talked with President Abdel Fattah   of Egypt King Salman of Saudi Arabia Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed   the crown prince of Abu Dhabi, in the United Arab Emirates and President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. Mr. Kushner has also met with Arab officials, including Yousef Al Otaiba, the ambassador from the United Arab Emirates. King Abdullah II of Jordan seems to have played a particularly pivotal role. Concerned that an embassy move would anger the many Palestinians living in his country, the king rushed to Washington without an invitation, in a gamble that he could see Mr. Trump. He visited first with Vice President Mike Pence, who had him over for breakfast at his official residence last week. The king appealed to the administration’s fixation with the Islamic State, arguing that the United States should not alienate Arab allies who could help. Several days later, the king buttonholed Mr. Trump on the sidelines of the National Prayer Breakfast and made a similar case. He advised against a radical shift in American policy and emphasized the risks that Jordan would face if Israel were to become even more assertive about building settlements, according to people who spoke with Mr. Kushner and Stephen K. Bannon, the chief White House strategist. Mr. Trump had already decided by that point to slow down the embassy move  —   a decision that did not especially trouble Mr. Netanyahu and his team, who, while publicly supporting a move, privately urged caution to avoid a violent backlash. The administration had also received reports from American diplomats in Jordan that the threat level for a terrorist attack there had been raised to the highest level in years. But a series of announcements of new settlement construction worried some White House officials, who thought Mr. Netanyahu was taking action without first meeting with Mr. Trump. Within hours of Mr. Trump’s meeting with King Abdullah, the administration leaked a statement to The Jerusalem Post saying, “We urge all parties from taking unilateral actions that could undermine our ability to make progress, including settlement announcements. ” After that was posted online, the White House issued a public statement with softened language: “While we don’t believe the existence of settlements is an impediment to peace, the construction of new settlements or the expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful in achieving that goal. ” It was worded in a way that let different parties focus on different parts. The “may not be helpful” phrase was the first time Mr. Trump had warned against new housing in the West Bank. But the “beyond their current borders” phrase suggested a return to George W. Bush’s policy of essentially acquiescing to additional construction within existing settlement blocs as long as Israel did not expand their geographical reach or build entirely new settlements. Elliott Abrams, one of the authors of that policy under Mr. Bush, is poised to become deputy secretary of state under Mr. Trump. Mr. Netanyahu’s team focused on that part of the statement. “I happen to know they were very pleased with the statement because it was such a contrast from Obama,” said Morton A. Klein, the national president of the Zionist Organization of America, who has been supportive of the Trump administration. Indeed, undeterred, Mr. Netanyahu’s coalition pushed through Parliament a bill to retroactively authorize thousands of homes in the West Bank that even under Israeli law had been built illegally on   land. Mr. Klein, who argues that settlements are not an obstacle to peace, said the White House had made the statement too confusing to provide clear direction. “I did find it ambiguous, and not as clear as I would like it to be,” he said. The challenge now is whether Mr. Trump can use this ambiguity to his benefit. If the United States can extract gestures from the Arabs, then that could provide a basis for Israelis and Palestinians to make compromises that they could not do by themselves, Mr. Ross said. “You’d have to have some kind of parallel approach,” he said. “This would be a serious investment of diplomacy to probe what is possible. ”",0
16199,Anonymous Issues Warning To ND Governor Over DAPL [Watch],"For months, activists supporting the Standing Rock Sioux tribe in North Dakota have been protesting the development of the Dakota Access Pipeline in an effort to protect sacred burial grounds and the... ",0
16200,"Scholar: White People Acknowledge Privilege to Make Themselves Feel Good, Avoid Addressing Racism - Breitbart","Scholar Claire Lockard argues in a new work that white people who acknowledge their privilege are less likely to engage in actual   efforts. [In her work, “Unhappy Confessions: The Temptation of Admitting to White Privilege,” recent Emory graduate and Elon University scholar Claire Lockard argues that acknowledgments of white privilege or racism are “pleasurable to enact but ultimately reinforce white people’s feelings of goodness and allow them to avoid addressing this racism. ”  In the abstract for her work, Lockard explains how an admission of white privilege could lead to a complacency that leads individuals away from   activism. I argue that because such admissions are conscious attempts to address unconscious habits, they are unhappy speech acts and contrary to their implied aims. Admissions of white privilege or racism can be conceptualized as Foucauldian confessions that are pleasurable to enact but ultimately reinforce white people’s feelings of goodness and allow them to avoid addressing this racism. I ground my argument in Shannon Sullivan’s analysis of white privilege and Sara Ahmed’s critique of confessions of   to show that in addition to doing no   work at the moment of saying, these confessions actually reify white privilege deeper into the unconscious and make it harder to address. Lockard, whose Twitter account has now been set to private, tweeted on March 1 that she frequently would interrupt white students in her courses to encourage minority students to speak up: “New favorite thing: interrupting white dudes in my classes to say ‘I think some other folks want to join the conversation. ’” Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about education and social justice for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
16201,Penn State Nixes ’Sanctuary Campus’ Plan,"One of the largest universities in the country, Pennsylvania State University, will not become a sanctuary campus for illegal immigrants to be shielded from federal immigration law. [In a new statement by Penn State President Eric Barron, the sanctuary campus proposal was shut down for holding “no legal validity” and for being “ambiguous,” according to The Inquirer.  “If used, it could imply that our university has the authority to exempt our campus from federal immigration laws, when in fact no university has that authority,” Barron said in the statement. “It also implies incorrectly a university is able to provide special protections to undocumented individuals beyond the law. That also is not the case. ” Barron’s statement shutting down talks of a sanctuary campus came after student social justice groups demanded the university be involved in shielding illegal immigrant students from federal immigration law. The decision by Penn State to not accept the sanctuary campus status also comes after State Rep. Jerry Knowles ( ) announced that he would be introducing legislation to strip funding from any sanctuary campuses in the state. If Penn State had taken up the banner of a being sanctuary campus, the university would have risked nearly $300 million in state funds per year. Neighboring universities, though, have designated themselves sanctuary campuses. Expensive, private colleges such as the University of Pennsylvania and Swarthmore College have already pledged their sanctuary campus policy, announcing that federal immigration officials would be barred from campus without a warrant and faculty and staff are not to comply with the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency. The moves by some universities to try to exempt themselves from federal immigration law come as   Donald Trump is set to enforce the country’s immigration system. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
16202,"5 Key Factors to the New York Prison Escape, in a Killer’s Words - The New York Times","By the time David Sweat spoke to investigators from the office of New York State’s inspector general last year, he had spent three weeks on the run, been shot by a state trooper, and was facing the prospect of spending the rest of his life in solitary confinement for pulling off a   prison break that riveted the country. But Mr. Sweat, a convicted murderer, was apparently eager to talk. And talk he did. In the   report on the escape by the inspector general’s office released on Monday, Mr. Sweat comes off as unrepentant and smug, describing prison guards as lazy and incompetent and his sidekick, Richard W. Matt, as a bumbling, overweight  . Mr. Matt was shot and killed by law enforcement authorities during the manhunt. Here, in Mr. Sweat’s own words quoted in the report, are five key factors that were crucial to the success of his plot to break out of the Clinton Correctional Facility, a   prison in the far northern part of the state. Mr. Sweat needed tools, and to get them he needed to find a willing accomplice among the prison’s employees. Enter Joyce E. Mitchell, the civilian supervisor in the prison tailor shop, whose loneliness Mr. Sweat said he exploited, writing “love lust” notes to “placate her. ” The plan worked. In the months before the escape, Ms. Mitchell gave Mr. Sweat and his partner at least eight hacksaw blades, two chisels, a steel punch and two concrete drill bits, often smuggled in frozen hamburger meat. Ms. Mitchell proved less reliable in the second phase of the plot when she was supposed to pick up the two inmates in her car after they emerged from a manhole outside the prison walls. Mr. Sweat described his final instructions to Ms. Mitchell before the escape: She never showed up, and the inmates had to flee on foot. It took Mr. Sweat 85 nights to cut, dig and hammer his way through the brick, steel and concrete blocking his path to freedom. He had no blueprints or maps of the tunnels behind and beneath the prison walls to guide him, so he had to rely on trial and error to plot his route. Mr. Sweat lost perhaps 30 pounds working on the escape route, “letting myself down and pulling myself back up, you know, three flights every night   …     crawling through all the pipes. ” By the time of the escape, Mr. Sweat said, he was “probably about the best physical shape I been in. ” “There was a couple of times   …     I got quite discouraged,” he said, but he understood that once he started there was no turning back. At times, Mr. Sweat had to get creative, both to avoid detection and to speed his progress. Breaking through a wall with a sledgehammer he found in the tunnels and a makeshift pry bar, he said he timed his blows to coincide with loud sounds that emanated from the surrounding pipes. “So I wait until they start banging, and then I would bang,” he said. After about two weeks, he said, “I knocked the wall out. ” To cool the sweltering air inside the steam pipe that ultimately led the two inmates to freedom, he devised a ventilation system out of a fan and a tube made of several plastic garbage bags. This allowed him to remain in the pipe, cutting for three hours at a time, he said, stopping only to “eat a candy bar, drink a little water. ” Mr. Sweat and Mr. Matt could never have pulled off their escape had corrections officers and their supervisors followed basic security protocols, the report said. Officers rarely if ever conducted rounds at night and almost never inspected the catwalks and tunnels where Mr. Sweat spent night after night working. In his testimony, Mr. Sweat said he had counted on guards’ not doing their jobs and had never worried about being found out. Of the guards, he said, “They’re lazy, to be honest. ” He said he studied the guards and got to know their habits. Even Mr. Sweat was surprised, though, when he first crawled out of his cell and discovered how easy it was to move around the catwalks and tunnels. There were no locking doors or gates, which he anticipated having to break through. He was free to roam. “Nothing ended up being anything like either one of us expected it to be,” he said. During his time in the tunnels, Mr. Sweat said he never encountered an officer, though there were a few close calls. He said he would occasionally see officers on the catwalks above him, and one night he was nearly struck by a lit cigarette tossed out by a guard. The biggest scare came when the two inmates first emerged from the manhole into a residential neighborhood. An approaching car spooked Mr. Matt, who ran into the backyard of a nearby home and attracted the attention of the driver. When confronted, Mr. Sweat had to talk their way out of the fix, explaining to the driver that they were just cutting through the yard. Mr. Matt’s jitters continued, according to Mr. Sweat. He “kept running in people’s yards when he would see a car. ” “I said, ‘Dude, nobody knows you’re out,’” he told investigators, cursing at his partner to “just walk like a normal person. ”",0
16203,Las imágenes libres de derechos más destacadas de la semana,"Las imágenes libres de derechos más destacadas de la semana EL BLACK FRIDAY, LA LOTERÍA DE NAVIDAD Y EL #MANNEQUINCHALLENGE 1. Los expertos alertan de las ofertas estafa de cara al Black Friday, tras detectar varios casos de falsas gafas Oculus Rift. 
2. El anuncio de la Lotería de Navidad conmueve a los españoles. Este año, una señora cree haber ganado el premio, y todo el pueblo le sigue la corriente, haciéndola sentir joven de nuevo. 
3. El equipo de gobierno de Donald Trump reacciona con indiferencia a la noticia de que la mujer y la hija del futuro presidente no se mudarán a la Casa Blanca. 
4. La Familia Real inglesa se suma a la moda del #MannequinChallenge. 5. Manifestación de nostálgicos de Franco, en el aniversario de su muerte. 

6. Rita Barberá y su callista, preparándose para declarar este lunes ante el Supremo. 7. Angela Merkel se presentará por cuarta vez a las elecciones alemanas. Aunque no es la favorita, dice sentirse preparada. 8. Manuela Carmena sigue su lucha contra la contaminación y creará una empresa pública de servicios ambientales. 9. Discovery Max estrenó su documental “La Guerra Civil en color”, una serie de imágenes de la guerra coloreadas para la ocasión. Aquí vemos un fotograma de Franco tras un día de pesca en un pantano. 10. El mentalista David Blaine consigue su truco más impactante hasta la fecha: volver borrosas a las suegras. Etiquetas",0
16204,"McConnell Highlights Hypocrisy of Dems Regarding Comey, Rejects Calls for Special Prosecutor - Breitbart","WASHINGTON, D. C. —  On Wednesday, following the firing of FBI Director James Comey, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell rejected calls for a special prosecutor or independent commission to investigate the alleged collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia during last year’s presidential election. [McConnell chastised Democrats for their hypocrisy and pointed out that they were critical of Comey’s firing after repeatedly knocking his performance while they were trying to get their candidate, Hillary Clinton, elected.  “Today, we’ll no doubt hear calls for a new investigation, which could only serve to impede the current work being done,” McConnell said on the Senate floor. “Partisan calls should not delay the considerable work of Chairman Burr and vice Chairman Warner. Too much is at stake. ” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer has been leading the Democratic Party’s calls for a special prosecutor. Speaking of Comey’s handling of the FBI investigation into former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s unauthorized use of a private email server and her mishandling of classified information, MConnell said: It is clear what our Democratic colleagues thought of it, both at that time and consistently thereafter. Last year, the current Democratic leader [Chuck Schumer] said it appeared an appalling act  —   one that, he said, goes against the tradition of prosecutors at every level of government. And the prior Democratic leader, when asked if James Comey should resign given his conduct of the investigation, he replied, ‘of course, yes.’ McConnell went on to say, “Our Democratic colleagues complaining about the removal of an FBI director whom they themselves repeatedly and sharply criticized. That removal  being done by a man, Rod Rosenstein, whom they repeatedly and effusively praised. ” Rosenstein is the acting Deputy Attorney General. McConnell said, “Mr. Rosenstein recommended Comey’s removal for many of the very reasons that they consistently complained about. ” McConnell noted that Rosenstein was confirmed in a bipartsian vote of 94 to 6. Schumer took the floor after McConnell and repeated many of he same lines he used yesterday: The president fired the Director of the FBI Jim Comey, who was leading an active investigation into the Trump campaign’s possible collusion with Russia. The president offered no reasoning for the firing other than he had the recommendation of his attorney general who has already had to recuse himself from the Russia investigation. The question is, why did it happen last night? We know the director was leading an investigation into whether the Trump campaign colluded with the Russians. Serious offense. Were those investigations getting too close to home for the president? Schumer again called for a special prosecutor. “If there was ever a time when circumstances warranted a special prosecutor, it is right now. ” Also on Wednesday, Vice President Mike Pence said President Donald Trump “made the right decision at the right time” with Tuesday’s announcement that he fired Comey. “The administration is very confident that with the appointment of a new director of the FBI, [and] because of the president’s strong leadership, we’ll be able to give the nation’s leading law enforcement agency a fresh start,” Pence told a handful of reporters in the nation’s Capitol. “And because of the president’s decisive action yesterday to restore confidence and trust of the American people, we have an opportunity for a new beginning at the FBI. ”",0
16205,The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"The American Voter The American Voter 
Every four years, against anyone’s better judgment, the American people are entrusted to elect the next president. The Onion lets them tell their stories. The One Percenter MICHELLE CLARK, 22 
“I know exactly what I want in our next president, but look, we both know what’s going to happen if this interview ends up online: my Twitter account will be flooded with vulgar, misogynistic comments and brutal attacks on my appearance. I could talk about my thoughts on the economy or immigration, but the more thoughts I share, the more material I’m giving to some Reddit user who will tell me to perform the most perverse act he can think of and then tear into me for having an opinion—any opinion. So what’s the point of saying anything? Let’s just end this interview now.” The Millennial ZIAD AYOUB, 37 
“I don’t like those presidential candidates. Not a single one of them. They just don’t value human life like you and I do. I ask myself all the time how anyone could believe all the barbaric things these people believe. They refuse to see any point of view other than their own, and they have no problem going around and blowing up people that aren’t like them. I know they’re out there plotting horrible things right now. I don’t want them anywhere near me. I’ve got a wife and kids—think of what they might do to my family.” The Senior Citizen COURTNEY YOUNG, 36 
“I’m a single mom juggling three kids and a full-time job, so I don’t have time to listen to any long policy speeches. I know life’s going to get worse over the next four years, so the candidates need to just cut to the chase and tell me how shitty it’s going to get. Are you going to dick me over on my taxes? Dick me over on my kids’ medical bills? Dick me over on gas prices? I’m voting for whoever has the sack to come right out and say it.” The Immigrant Voter Voices The Onion asks ordinary citizens to share their thoughts, concerns, and staggering ignorance about the 2016 election. 1 What’s the most important quality for the next president to have? Scott Pullman ",0
16206,The Civil War General From Illinois Who Gave Us Memorial Day,"Only three years after the Civil War, as our nation started upon its long road toward reconciliation, rebuilding, and healing, the wife of a union general noticed a touching scene of devotion in the South. [She saw Confederate mothers, widows, and children coming together each year to place flowers and little flags at the graves of their loved ones who had fallen in battle. This general’s wife thought it was an edifying experience the whole country could emulate.  Moved by the devotion she witnessed, Mary Simmerson Logan urged her husband, Illinois General John A. “Blackjack” Logan, to look into creating what was to become Memorial Day. So, at the urging of his wife, Logan became instrumental in creating Decoration Day, the celebration of the nation’s war dead that eventually became Memorial Day. Today, thanks to that gracious and energetic lady, America takes time each year to remember those who served and died for our country, and it is fitting that the holiday was born of both a   South and North after our bloodiest war. The man at the heart of the commemoration was a leader in his day but is now largely forgotten. General Logan was a Senator from Illinois and eventually became the candidate for Vice President on the 1884 Republican ticket, losing to Grover Cleveland and another Illinoisan, Vice President Adlai Stevenson. Perhaps no other Federal Army general was as suited as Logan to be the one to launch Decoration Day. Certainly, Logan was a state politician, a political general who successfully transitioned to federal service and continued to hold rank after the war, and also his party’s vice presidential nominee. What many don’t know is that “Blackjack” Logan was aiming to be a Confederate general when the war first started. Thus his sympathies for both sides make him a particularly good fit for the father of Decoration Day. Logan was born in February of 1826 in Murphysboro, Illinois, an area rich with émigrés from Kentucky. His home was near the river bottoms once called “Little Egypt. ” The area was a hotbed of Southern sympathy during the early days of the civil war. The genus of the region’s nickname is not entirely known, but what is known is that a company of nearly 40 Illinois men from Williamson and Jackson Counties gathered together in 1861, crossed over into Kentucky, and joined the Confederate Army of Tennessee, becoming Company G of the 15th Tennessee Infantry. Heading up that company was one Captain Hilbert A. Cunningham. He led his men across the river to the Confederacy and served in the C. S. Army for nearly two years. Co. G has the distinction of being the only company of men from a northern state to fight as a group for the Confederacy. A small number of them fought throughout the war for the rebel forces. Captain Cunningham, though, was not one of those stalwarts, for in May of 1863 he quietly went AWOL from the Confederate army and ended up a captain on General John Logan’s staff. This sudden turn may not be so surprising, as Capt. Cunningham was Gen. Logan’s   . What may be more surprising is that Logan himself was initially supposed to lead Co. G across the river and into the waiting arms of the Confederacy. Rumors from his family were that the Illinois politician had accepted a Colonel’s commission from the Southerons and intended to make his military mark under the banner of the Southern Cross. But ambition was greater than ideology, at least that early in the war, because Logan was casting a wide net for his officer’s commission and was able to cajole his way into General U. S. Grant’s favor. Logan was soon commissioned as Colonel of the 31st Illinois Infantry shortly after the Battle of Bull Run and so wore the blue for the whole of the war. Many in the 15th Tennessee held a grudge against Logan for the rest of their lives, feeling that he betrayed them for his personal ambitions. The following is the general order that Logan issued in 1868: HEADQUARTERS GRAND ARMY OF THE REPUBLICGeneral Orders No. 11, WASHINGTON, D. C. May 5, 1868, The 30th day of May, 1868, is designated for the purpose of strewing with flowers or otherwise decorating the graves of comrades who died in defense of their country during the late rebellion, and whose bodies now lie in almost every city, village, and hamlet   in the land. In this observance no form of ceremony is prescribed, but posts and comrades will in their own way arrange such fitting services and testimonials of respect as circumstances may permit. We are organized, comrades, as our regulations tell us, for the purpose among other things, “of preserving and strengthening those kind and fraternal feelings which have bound together the soldiers, sailors, and marines who united to suppress the late rebellion. ” What can aid more to assure this result than cherishing tenderly the memory of our heroic dead, who made their breasts a barricade between our country and its foes? Their soldier lives were the reveille of freedom to a race in chains, and their deaths the tattoo of rebellious tyranny in arms. We should guard their graves with sacred vigilance. All that the consecrated wealth and taste of the nation can add to their adornment and security is but a fitting tribute to the memory of her slain defenders. Let no wanton foot tread rudely on such hallowed grounds. Let pleasant paths invite the coming and going of reverent visitors and fond mourners. Let no vandalism of avarice or neglect, no ravages of time testify to the present or to the coming generations that we have forgotten as a people the cost of a free and undivided republic. If other eyes grow dull, other hands slack, and other hearts cold in the solemn trust, ours shall keep it well as long as the light and warmth of life remain to us. Let us, then, at the time appointed gather around their sacred remains and garland the passionless mounds above them with the choicest flowers of   let us raise above them the dear old flag they saved from dishonor let us in this solemn presence renew our pledges to aid and assist those whom they have left among us a sacred charge upon a nation’s gratitude, the soldier’s and sailor’s widow and orphan. It is the purpose of the    to inaugurate this observance with the hope that it will be kept up from year to year, while a survivor of the war remains to honor the memory of his departed comrades. He earnestly desires the public press to lend its friendly aid in bringing to the notice of comrades in all parts of the country in time for simultaneous compliance therewith. Department commanders will use efforts to make this order effective. By order of, JOHN A.    N. P. CHIPMAN, Adjutant General, Official:WM. T. COLLINS, A. A. G.",0
16207,"In Russia, Blooms Flourish on International Women’s Day - The New York Times","MOSCOW  —   A multicolored chaos reigned across Russia on Wednesday, as crowds jostled for bouquets of all sizes and hues for a holiday that celebrates women. Russians love International Women’s Day, a   holdover sometimes called the Russian St. Valentine’s Day. And flower sellers love the holiday, with March 8 ranking as the largest single sales day in Russia for    shops, wholesale markets and Dutch farmers. On March 8, the need for bouquets quickly adds up. Although Valentine’s Day is also celebrated here, it is viewed as a foreign import and too cloyingly romantic to encompass the full range of ways that women should be appreciated. On International Women’s Day, men and women give flowers to mothers, sisters, daughters,   along with wives and girlfriends. “St. Valentine’s Day is for lovers, and Women’s Day is for women,” said Maria Mamedova, a saleswoman at a flower stall outside the Tsvetnoy Boulevard subway station in Moscow. “Women really value March 8,” added Ms. Mamedova, peeling leaves from lisianthus stems and clipping the stems to form gigantic bouquets. As in the United States, the Russian floral market is buoyed by holidays like Mother’s Day and Valentine’s Day. People in the Netherlands and some other European countries tend to give flowers year round, creating steadier demand. International Women’s Day is especially important for the Dutch flower industry. Dutch flower farmers grow and export tulips and lilies. The Netherlands is also the first point of arrival for many roses from Africa and South America, which are traded in Dutch flower auctions before being   elsewhere, including to Russia. The Netherlands exported 120 million euros’ worth of flowers to Russia last year, according to Matthieu ter Haar, a spokesman for Royal FloraHolland, a flower industry trade association. The March 8 holiday typically accounts for 10 percent of the annual total. “It’s always a beautiful day, and flowers always bring a lot of happiness to people,” Mr. ter Haar said. “On International Women’s Day in Russia you see lines of people at the shops. It’s a very positive thing. ” Like so much in Russia, the flower business has even been a source of geopolitical tension. When investigators from the Netherlands looked into the downing of a civilian plane over Ukraine in 2014 that killed nearly 200 Dutch people, Russian authorities for a time banned  —   and in some cases burned  —   Dutch flowers. The authorities denied the moves were related, saying they were prompted by a pest threat. The tension subsided and the trade is again open. Nicolas Megrelis, a French owner of 13 flower shops across Moscow, sells exclusively imported roses for $2. 40 to $3. 40 per stem. Like all in the flower business in Russia, his business pivots around Women’s Day when the shops typically sell 150, 000 stems, or more than $400, 000 worth of roses, as much as a month of sales. The flower business in Russia, as elsewhere, is composed mostly of small, individual sellers rather than chains of flower shops, making wholesale markets like Rizhsky in Moscow important links in the floral supply chain. About 70 percent of the roses, chrysanthemums, carnations and ornamental greenery sold in the Rizhsky market are imported, with most coming from Holland, Ecuador, Colombia and Israel, Taras Belozyorov, the spokesman for the Moscow city department of trade and services, said in a statement. “Growing flowers in the Moscow region is accompanied by certain difficulties,” he said, notably the cost of heating and illuminating greenhouses during the bitter Russian winter. But Russians still love flowers. The market is a tableau of pink, yellow and orange pastels of tulips, gigantic bundles of red roses. The gentle beauty contrasts with the   bustle of buyers as lovers, fathers, sons and bosses set about doing something kind for the women in their lives. Out on the frosty streets of Moscow on Wednesday, Dmitri Makhno, a restaurant owner, was buying white tulips for his female employees. “I love my employees,” he said. “I give flowers to every woman today. Today is their day. ”",0
16208,Assange: Hillary Thought Libya Would be Her Stepping Stone to the Presidency,"  Recipient Email => 
It is not hard to think of reasons why Hillary Clinton should not be President. Yesterday Wikileaks founder Julian Assange cited one of the best: Libya. 
In an interview with John Pilger, a noted Australian-born documentary maker and veteran critic of American military adventurism, he commented: “Libya more that anyone else’s war was Hillary Clinton’s war. Barack Obama initially opposed it. Who was the person who was championing it? Hillary Clinton. That’s documented throughout her emails. There’s more than 1,700 emails out of the 33,000 of Hillary Clinton’s emails we published just about Libya. 
“She perceived the removal of Gaddafi and the overthrow of the Libyan state as something that she would use to run in the general election for president. So late 2011, there’s an internal document called the ‘Libya Tick Tock’ that is produced for Hillary Clinton, and… it’s a chronological description of how Hillary Clinton was the central figure in the destruction of the Libyan state.” 
Things did not quite follow the script, however. For a start, U.S. ambassador Christopher Stevens and several other U.S. citizens were massacred when U.S. facilities in Benghazi were ransacked. The attacks were facilitated by security lapses for which Clinton was forced to take responsibility. 
Observing that Libya remains to this day ravaged by civil war, Assange added: “As a result, there [have been] around 40,000 deaths within Libya. Jihadists moved in, ISIS moved in. That led to the European refugee and migrant crisis, because not only did you have people fleeing Libya, people then fleeing Syria, destabilization of other African countries as a result of arms flows.” 
The interview, which was made in association with London-based Dartmouth Films and broadcast by RT, ranged widely over Clinton’s vulnerabilities. It can be viewed here .",0
16209,Snow reports from around the Northland (Duluth) through 9 a.m. Saturday,"Snow reports from around the Northland through 3 p.m. Saturday By Andrew Krueger on Nov 19, 2016 at 3:15 p.m. Brian Parendo of Esko shovels heavy, wet show from his driveway Friday morning. ""I'm happy it lasted this long,"" he said, referring to the long spell of warm weather that preceded the storm. Bob King / rking@duluthnews.com Snow reports from around the Northland as of 3 p.m. Saturday, as relayed by the National Weather Service in Duluth. The greatest total was near Leader in Cass County; the total at the Duluth airport was corrected on Saturday from a higher total that had been reported Friday night. Recommended for you",0
16210,"‘White Nationalism,’ Explained - The New York Times","A question has been posed in a puzzled whisper in many of the nation’s living rooms and newsrooms ever since Donald J. Trump’s triumph in this month’s presidential election: What, exactly, is white nationalism?   white nationalists have happily embraced Mr. Trump’s victory and, particularly, his choice of Stephen K. Bannon as chief strategist, as a win for their agenda. A barrage of groups that fight discrimination and hate speech have, in turn, criticized Mr. Bannon’s appointment, warning that his embrace of the “ ” movement was little more than an attempt to rebrand racism and white nationalism into something palatable enough for mass consumption. And much of the rest of the country has been left to wonder what this unfamiliar term actually means. While white nationalism certainly overlaps with white supremacy and racism, many political scientists say it is a distinct phenomenon  —   one that was a powerful but   force during the presidential election and will most likely remain a potent factor in American and European politics in coming years. Eric Kaufmann, a professor of politics at Birkbeck University in London, has spent years studying the ways that ethnicity intersects with politics. While most researchers in that field focus on ethnic minorities, Professor Kaufmann does the opposite: He studies the behavior of ethnic majorities, particularly whites in the United States and Britain. White nationalism, he said, is the belief that national identity should be built around white ethnicity, and that white people should therefore maintain both a demographic majority and dominance of the nation’s culture and public life. So, like white supremacy, white nationalism places the interests of white people over those of other racial groups. White supremacists and white nationalists both believe that racial discrimination should be incorporated into law and policy. Some will see the distinction between white nationalism and white supremacy as a semantic sleight of hand. But although many white supremacists are also white nationalists, and vice versa, Professor Kaufmann says the terms are not synonyms: White supremacy is based on a racist belief that white people are innately superior to people of other races white nationalism is about maintaining political and economic dominance, not just a numerical majority or cultural hegemony. For a long time, he said, white nationalism was less an ideology than the default presumption of American life. Until quite recently, white Americans could easily see the nation as essentially an extension of their own ethnic group. But the country’s changing demographics, the civil rights movement and a push for multiculturalism in many quarters mean that white Americans are now confronting the prospect of a nation that is no longer built solely around their own identity. For many white people, of course, the growing diversity is something to celebrate. But for others it is a source of stress. The white nationalist movement has drawn support from that latter group. Its supporters argue that the United States should protect its white majority by sharply limiting immigration, and perhaps even by compelling nonwhite citizens to leave. Mr. Trump’s appointment of Mr. Bannon as his senior counselor and chief West Wing strategist has, more than anything, brought white nationalism to the forefront of conversation. He is the former editor of Breitbart News, a site he described in August to Mother Jones as “the platform of the  . ” Although the   is ideologically broader than white nationalism  —   it also includes neoreactionaries, monarchists, and   internet trolls  —   white nationalism makes up a significant part of its appeal. For instance, Richard B. Spencer, who runs the website AlternativeRight. com, is also the director of the National Policy Institute, an organization that says it is devoted to protecting the “heritage, identity, and future of people of European descent in the United States, and around the world. ” Mr. Spencer argues that immigration and multiculturalism are threats to America’s white population, and has said his ideal is a white “ . ” He has avoided discussing the details of how this might be achieved, saying it is still just a “dream,” but has called for “peaceful ethnic cleansing” to remove nonwhite people from American soil. Mr. Bannon, the Trump adviser, told The New York Times  upon his appointment that he does not share those   views. But under his leadership, Breitbart News has gone to considerable lengths to cater to an audience that does. And in a 2015 radio interview that was resurfaced this week by The Washington Post, Mr. Bannon opposed even highly skilled immigration, implying he believed it was a threat to American culture. “When   or   of the C. E. O.s in Silicon Valley are from South Asia or from Asia, I think   …   ” he said, trailing off midsentence before continuing a moment later, “a country is more than an economy. We’re a civic society. ” White nationalists, including Mr. Spencer, have rejoiced at Mr. Bannon’s appointment to such a senior position in the Trump White House. But focusing on   figures like Mr. Bannon may obscure the more significant way that white nationalist ideas are affecting politics  —   and fueling the rise of politicians like Mr. Trump in the United States as well as   populist movements in Britain and continental Europe. Several studies of other countries have found that a desire to protect traditional values and culture is the strongest predictor of support for the sort of populism that propelled Mr. Trump to power in the United States. Many of those voters would not think of themselves as white nationalists, and the cultural values and traditions they seek to protect are not necessarily explicitly racial. However, those traditions formed when national identity and culture were essentially synonymous with whiteness. So the impulse to protect them from social and demographic change is essentially an attempt to turn back the clock to a   time. A recent working paper by Pippa Norris, a political scientist at Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government, and Ronald Inglehart, a political scientist at the University of Michigan, concluded, based on an analysis of   survey data, that populists have succeeded by appealing to the cultural anxiety of groups like older white men, who once formed the cultural majority in Western societies “but have recently seen their predominance and privilege eroded. ” Elisabeth Ivarsflaten, a professor of politics at the University of Bergen in Norway, came to a similar conclusion after studying   policies in Europe. Their supporters, she found, were motivated by a desire to protect their national culture  —   suggesting they believed that immigrants posed a threat to it. Mr. Trump’s criticism of immigrants and promise to “make America great again” may have tapped into those same cultural anxieties, fueling his success with older and   white voters. (Over all, he won white voters by 21 percentage points.) Professor Kaufmann argues that anxiety over white identity and   populist politicians can have a symbiotic relationship, each strengthening the other. When populist politicians gain mainstream success, that can make white nationalist ideas more socially acceptable. “It’s not just a question of ethnic change and people being alarmed over it,” he said. “It’s also a question of what people see as the boundaries of acceptable opposition. It’s about what counts as racism, and whether it’s racist to vote for a   party. ” “This is all about the   norm,” Professor Kaufmann continued. “If it’s weakening or eroding because people think the boundaries have shifted. ”",0
16211,"Actor Mandy Patinkin: Maybe ’White Men in Military and Government’ are the ’Bad Guys,’ Not Muslims","Homeland star Mandy Patinkin says this season of the acclaimed Showtime television drama shows that it is perhaps “the white men in government and the military establishment that are the bad guys,” rather than the Muslim community. [In an interview with MSNBC’s Chuck Todd this week, Patinkin said that society had “chosen the Muslim community” as a threat, despite the community making “contributions to the world of a monumental nature. ”  Patinkin also said the show, which has been criticized by the left as “Islamophobic” for linking Islam with terrorism, has taken responsibility for this portrayal and has changed its content so they become “part of the cure rather than part of the problem. ” “[Homeland has introduced] a storyline that shows in this case, in this era, in this season, that maybe it is the white men in government and the military establishment that are the bad guys, not the Muslim community,” he continued.  Patinkin, who plays the role of CIA operative Saul Berenson, has previously discussed the need for America to open up its doors to refugees from the Islamic world, as well as Homeland needing to take responsibility for its negative depictions of Muslims. “In all kinds of entertainment  —   movies, television  —   there are always the bad guys the cowboys and Indians, then the Russians were the bad guys, the Nazis were the bad guys. Now it seems like Muslim ‘terrorists’ are the bad guys,” he told the Associated Press in an interview this month. “So, inadvertently, because it’s an action show, it’s an       political drama that Homeland is, unintentionally we were not helping the Muslim community and we take responsibility for it. And I know I can speak for the writers when they want to right that error that happened because of storytelling. ” In a 2015 interview with Variety, the actor advised people to take in refugees and “bring them to your home for dinner,” adding that he simply wants “other people to know the kind of joy that I have in my life. ” Homeland, which aired its sixth season finale last Sunday, has been renewed by Showtime for a seventh and final eighth season.   You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
16212,Insufficient Liquidity For Sustained Rally In Stocks,"Insufficient Liquidity For Sustained Rally In Stocks By Lee Adler.   US macro liquidity was flat again in October. Over the past 12 months, the SPX has risen 3%, while the Composite Liquidity Indicator rose by 3.7%. That they are tracking this closely is a bit unusual, but the fact that they continue to trend together over the intermediate and longer term is consistent. Even the slopes of the trends tend to be similar over longer time periods. That tends to support a bid for stocks when prices sell off. But it has been insufficient to push prices materially higher since mid-2014.  ",0
16213,"Russell Simmons Hopes ‘The Scenario,’ a Hip-Hop Musical, Has Mass Appeal - The New York Times","The   mogul Russell Simmons is teaming up with Universal Music Group to produce “The Scenario,” a musical set to three decades of  . The show, originally announced in 2015, is to premiere in New York during the   season before embarking on a   tour of “traditional and nontraditional venues,” according to the Universal Music Group. “I want everyone to see it,” Mr. Simmons said in a phone interview on Saturday. “I want kids in the ’hood in Detroit to see it. I want sophisticated theatergoers in New York to see it. And they’re going love it whether they’re 50 or 14. ” Mr. Simmons, 59, emphasized the intended   appeal of “The Scenario,” which he said would include songs from Universal’s catalog that cover rap’s ascension as a dominant   force. “The difference between Rakim and Kendrick Lamar is minimal,” Mr. Simmons said, referring to two   artists whose rises occurred nearly three decades apart. Tracks by Drake, Mr. Lamar, Kurtis Blow and the Sugarhill Gang are among those being strongly considered for the production, Mr. Simmons said. Universal owns Def Jam Recordings, which Mr. Simmons founded in 1984 with the producer Rick Rubin. The label, whose artists have included Beastie Boys, Public Enemy and Kanye West, is credited with helping to bring   to the mainstream. Named for a song by A Tribe Called Quest, “The Scenario” will follow a few artists as they “struggle and evolve,” according to Mr. Simmons, and he said the production would more closely resemble a concert than a Broadway musical. The audience will have a sizable role, playing on a    tactic often used in  . “There’s a lot of technology that we’ll be using to connect the audience and the stage in a way that Broadway hasn’t done,” Mr. Simmons said. “The Scenario” will pair Mr. Simmons with Universal’s Scott Landis, Def Pictures’ Jake Stein and the “Rock of Ages” producers Scott Prisand and Jamie Bendell. The author and   historian Dan Charnas (“The Big Payback”) is writing the show’s book. “The Scenario” follows the breakout success of “Hamilton,” the   musical that set a record for the most money ever made in a single week by a Broadway show. On Saturday, Mr. Simmons said that he loved that show and was thrilled about its success, but he bristled at the idea that its popularity has been surprising given the omnipresence of   in American life. “There’s a lack of insight on the part of the gatekeepers and the producers of content,” he said. “I can go anywhere and hear  . I think ‘Hamilton’ does help them buy in, but it’s overdue. It’s long overdue, and I’m excited that I’m part of it. ”",0
16214,U.S. Air Campaign in Yemen Killed Guantánamo Ex-Prisoner - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   For a fifth consecutive night, American warplanes and drones on Monday pummeled suspected Qaeda targets in Yemen as the Pentagon said an earlier attack in the country had killed a former prisoner held at the United States detention center at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. Capt. Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman, said an airstrike last Thursday  —   the first night of a larger Pentagon campaign to roll back gains made by Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, or A. Q. A. P.  —   killed the former detainee, who was using the name Yasir Ali Abdallah al Silmi. While at Guantánamo, he was held as Detainee No. 679 and went by the name Mohammed Tahar, according to military records. Including an airstrike overnight on Monday that Captain Davis said killed seven Qaeda fighters, the United States has conducted more than 40 attacks across central and southern Yemen in the past week. By comparison, the military carried out 41 strikes in all of 2012, the most in a single year against the Qaeda affiliate in Yemen. Soon after taking office, President Trump authorized the   air campaign against the Qaeda branch, one of the deadliest in the world, at the same time he approved the   Special Operations raid in January that left one member of Navy SEAL Team 6 dead and three others wounded. An estimated two dozen civilians were killed in that raid. “It’s a reflection of growing concern about the reconstitution of A. Q. A. P. in Yemen,” Gerald M. Feierstein, a former United States ambassador to Yemen who is now at the Middle East Institute in Washington, said of the flurry of airstrikes. “The key issue is how they identify targets, the fidelity of the intelligence, and the care they take to maintain the standard of near certainty on no collateral damage,” Mr. Feierstein said, referring to civilian casualties. “I don’t know the answer to those questions. ” The Senate Foreign Relations Committee has scheduled a hearing for Thursday on Yemen, the first since the raid in January. Mr. Tahar was imprisoned at Guantánamo Bay from 2002 to 2009. Because Yemen was in chaos at that time, officials were reluctant to repatriate detainees there. But Mr. Tahar was among a small group the Obama administration repatriated in December 2009 as part of an experiment. Later that month, however, after the attempted bombing of a   airliner by Al Qaeda’s Yemen branch, President Barack Obama halted further repatriations to Yemen. Years later, the Obama administration resettled many Yemenis in other countries. Military records show that Mr. Tahar’s brother, who went by the name Ali Abdullah Ahmed, was also a Guantánamo detainee. He was among three detainees who died in June 2006 in what the military said was a coordinated suicide. Captain Davis said that Usayd   whom he described as a “longtime explosives expert who served as the organization’s emir” within Abyan Province, was killed in the same March 2 strike as Mr. Tahar. Yemeni civilians in three provinces where Al Qaeda has strongholds described the American bombing campaign as unrelenting. For three days beginning Friday, American drones and attack planes extensively hit the rugged mountains and valleys in central Baydha Province, where Qaeda military camps have long existed outside the control of the weak central government in Sana, the capital, according to residents reached by phone. “They appear on the sky at nearly the same time and quickly launched heavy fire against Al Qaeda gatherings,” said Nayef, a resident who for security reasons preferred to be identified only by his first name. “The U. S. planes become more aggressive when Al Qaeda militants fire back,” he said. “We can see balls of fire on the sky when the Americans exchange fire with Al Qaeda. ” Abdul Aziz Awadh, a resident of Abyan Province in the south, the birthplace of Yemen’s president, Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi, said that an American drone struck a taxi carrying a number of Qaeda militants on Thursday afternoon. “The airstrike completely burned the car and killed at least four Al Qaeda,” he said. “We later learned that they came from Aden to Abyan. The U. S. drone chased them until they passed through a farm and hit them. ”",0
16215,Iran Said to Have Deal With Boeing to Buy Passenger Planes - The New York Times,"Iran has reached an agreement with the Boeing Company for the acquisition of new passenger planes to help modernize its outdated fleet,   Iranian news media reported on Tuesday. Such an agreement, if completed, would potentially be worth many billions of dollars to Boeing and amount to the most prominent commercial transaction between an American company and Iran since sanctions linked to Iran’s nuclear program were lifted six months ago. It also would send a strong signal that Iran and the United States, despite decades of antipathy, might be moving toward normalized ties. Numerous obstacles remain to such an agreement, most notably other American sanctions on Iran that are not related to the Tehran’s nuclear program, including a ban on using dollars in trade with the country. The restraints have dissuaded many international banks and financial companies, fearful of running afoul of American laws, from venturing into the Iranian market. Many Republican lawmakers and others who opposed the nuclear agreement, and who have long warned of any reconciliation with Iran, could object to a Boeing deal. Also unclear is whether Iran’s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who often describes the United States as his country’s most dangerous threat, would countenance such an agreement. Nonetheless, Boeing, with the United States government’s permission, has been in discussions for months with Iranian aviation officials about their dire needs for new airplanes. Iranian officials have said they will need to acquire at least 400 planes in coming years to replace their commercial fleet, one of the world’s oldest. It includes some Boeing models that predate the 1979 Islamic revolution that overthrew the   shah. Iran’s minister of roads and urban development, Abbas Akhoundi, was quoted by Iranian news agencies on Tuesday as saying that a deal with Boeing had been completed and that details would be “announced within the next few days. ” Asked about Mr. Akhoundi’s assertion, a spokesman for Boeing at the company’s Chicago headquarters, John Dern, did not deny it. In an emailed response, Mr. Dern said, “We do not discuss details of ongoing conversations we are having with customers, and our standard practice is to let customers announce any agreements that are reached. ” Mr. Dern’s statement also cautioned: “Any agreements reached will be contingent on U. S. government approval. ” Boeing’s most important foreign competitor, Airbus, announced a deal worth roughly $27 billion in January to sell Iran 118 aircraft. There has been speculation that Boeing has been negotiating a similar transaction involving roughly 100 planes. But the Airbus agreement has not been completed, partly because it also requires United States regulatory approval since a significant portion of Airbus plane components are American. Asked about the status of the Airbus deal, a spokesman, Justin Dubon, said in an emailed response, “As with any agreement, it takes some time to finalize. ” Some American critics of Iran expressed skepticism about the Iranian reports of a Boeing deal, describing them as an exaggeration and part of what they called Iran’s attempts to portray itself as a legitimate economic partner. “These deals are more aspirational than a reality,” said Mark Dubowitz, executive director of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, a   group that is highly critical of Iran. Mr. Dubowitz said aircraft deals with Iran were tricky in part because some areas of the country’s civilian aviation industry were controlled by Iranian businesses linked to the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps, which remain subject to American sanctions. “It’s a   nightmare,” he said, “not just for the companies but for the banks that finance the deals. ” At the same time, Mr. Dubowitz and others also noted that President Hassan Rouhani of Iran, an architect of the nuclear agreement, will be up for   next year and needs to show that the agreement has been economically beneficial. Under that agreement, completed in January with the United States and other world powers, many economic restraints on Iran were rescinded or relaxed in exchange for verifiable guarantees by Iran that it is engaged in only peaceful atomic work. Mr. Rouhani’s promised benefits, however, have been slow in coming. Iranian officials have complained that nonnuclear American sanctions remain a major impediment, dissuading many foreign companies from investing in and trading with Iran. “The Boeing deal would be really important,” said Cliff Kupchan, chairman of the Eurasia Group, a   political risk consulting company. Proponents of the nuclear deal, Mr. Kupchan said, have been wagering that it will help Iran evolve in a direction less hostile to the United States and other Western powers. “For that, Iranian elites have to know that the U. S. wants constructive interaction,” he said. “If Boeing sells 100 planes to Iran, it would send exactly the right vibe. ” United Against Nuclear Iran, a   based advocacy organization, has claimed some responsibility for Iran’s frustration, through a campaign that warns companies that they could risk incurring American legal problems by engaging in business with Iranian entities. The organization claimed responsibility for the cancellation of an international forum on opportunities in Iran’s natural gas industry that had been scheduled for Thursday and Friday in Barcelona, Spain. Anthony Bright, operations manager for INconnect, a Czech company that had organized the forum, said in an emailed statement that it had been postponed until December. Mr. Bright did not provide a reason.",0
16216,Facebook: ’We Need to Do Better’ After Cleveland Shooting Video Was Up for Hours - Breitbart,"Facebook admitted in a statement that they “need to do better,” after a violent video of the Easter Sunday Cleveland shooting remained on the platform for hours without removal. [“As a result of this terrible series of events, we are reviewing our reporting flows to be sure people can report videos and other material that violates our standards as easily and quickly as possible,” said Facebook in their statement. “We disabled the suspect’s account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the murder video, and two hours after receiving a report of any kind  …     But we know we need to do better. ”  “Keeping our global community safe is an important part of our mission,” they continued, adding “We are grateful to everyone who reported these videos and other offensive content to us, and to those who are helping us keep Facebook safe every day. ” Suspect Steve Stephens recorded himself approaching and then fatally shooting    Robert Godwin Sr. before he fled the scene and managed to evade police until Tuesday, when a standoff with police officers led to his suicide.",0
16217,Microsoft Reveals Project Scorpio to Be High-Powered Xbox One X at E3 - Breitbart,"Microsoft held their E3 press conference this weekend, unveiling a number of new games and the long awaited Project Scorpio console. [Of all the announcements made, the reveal of the company’s newest gaming console was perhaps the largest. Teased at E3 2016 as Project Scorpio, the next addition to the Xbox family was officially announced with a brand new name  —   the Xbox One X.  The new console features eight custom x86 cores clocked at 2. 3GHz, integrated AMD graphics with 6 teraflops of performance, 12GB of GDDR5 RAM, a 1TB hard drive, and a     Drive. The console will reportedly cost around $499 on release and will also support backward compatibility for many games receiving visual enhancements courtesy of the Xbox One X’s new graphics system. Bioware also gave their first real look at their newest game during Microsoft’s presentation, Anthem, which throws players into a new world of monsters and expansive scenery as explorers wearing customizable Javelin   which grant players “superhuman capabilities,” not unlike an Iron Man suit. It was also announced that the popular online multiplayer arena game PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds would be coming to the Xbox One X as an exclusive title later this year. Crackdown 3 was also announced via an energetic pep talk from actor Terry Crews. Much like Crackdown 1 and 2, Crackdown 3 sees players acting as super cops for “The Agency,” leaping across sprawling city maps, fighting criminals and killer robots in an attempt to “step up your boom!” as the game says. Assassin’s Creed is back after a   hiatus since the last main series entry in 2015. This time set in ancient Egypt, Assassin’s Creed Origins aims to tell the story of the original Assassin’s and how the group came to be. The game is being released on Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC on October 27th but will hit Xbox One X slightly later on November 7th. In partnership with Forza 7, the popular car racing game, Porsche unveiled a new supercar, the Porsche 911 GT2 RS. Watch the full press conference below: Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
16218,Two Dead in Protests as South Korea Formally Ousts President - Breitbart,"South Korea’s Park   has become the first president in its history to be ousted from power via impeachment following allegations of granting inappropriate government access to a senior member of a   organization. [Koreans took to the streets after the announcement of the impeachment both to protest and celebrate, with one Seoul rally leaving two dead and two critically injured.  Koreans took to the streets after the announcement of the impeachment both to protest and celebrate, with one Seoul rally leaving two dead and two critically injured. After an extended investigation process, the nation’s Constitutional Court ruled that Park would be immediately stripped of her power as chief executive. South Korea will hold a presidential election within 60 days to replace her, one that many believe will benefit the leftist opposition party. Park is the first South Korean president to be removed in such a way. The announcement triggered assemblies  —   both protests and rallies  —   almost immediately, as some had begun congregating before the ouster became public to share the moment. In Seoul, two senior citizens were killed amid the chaos. According to the South Korean news agency Yonhap, the victims were two men named Kim (no relation) one aged 72 and the other, 66. The elder Kim died after being bludgeoned in the head with a large speaker. “Kim was found bleeding from his head near the court at around 1 p. m.,” Yonhap reports. The younger Kim “was found unconscious at a subway station,” but police have not identified a cause of death publicly yet. Police arrested one man in relation to the death of the elder Kim, who was seen ramming a vehicle into the police car carrying that speaker that ultimately hit Kim. Yonhap reports that two others are “in critical condition” but has not revealed any more information. The outlet added that, while one of the deaths appears accidental, many protesters took the streets of Seoul carrying “makeshift weapons, such as wooden sticks” to use against police. CNN reports that Seoul placed 21, 000 police officers on standby in case protests turned violent. That reality appeared to materialize rapidly, as dozens of protesters attempted to break police lines to storm into the courthouse where the impeachment decision was announced. While many lamented the end of Park’s tenure as president, leftists took Seoul’s streets to celebrate. Yonhap reports that some businesses offered free food and drink to celebrate, while a movie theater offered free viewings. Leftist   did not appear fully satisfied, however, as they chanted “Arrest Park  !” following the impeachment announcement. Also among those celebrating is the government of North Korea. Pyongyang had long reviled Park, an aggressive opponent of the Communist dictatorship whose parents were both assassinated by North Korean agents. On Friday, the government propaganda newspaper Rodong Sinmun published a final farewell to Park, addressing her as the “witch of Chongwadae [the Blue House, South Korea’s presidential palace]. ” “Nothing is more foolish than the   efforts of the traitor and her group to stem the trend of the times,” a Rodong editorial read. “With the publication of the special investigation results, Park is fated to be recorded as the worst ‘president’ and meet the most shameless end in the south Korean history of politics. ” What Park’s ouster means for the volatile relations between North and South Korea remains unclear. The leftist opposition in Seoul has long called for more diplomacy with Pyongyang and less cooperation with allies like the United States. America began deploying the first parts of a defense system known as THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense) this week, intended to protect from rogue North Korean rockets. Should South Korea elect a leftist president, such defenses may no longer be in the cards for that nation. The South Korean Unification Ministry issued a statement Friday insisting it would “maintain steady preparedness” following her removal. Park was impeached following the revelation that a close friend of hers, Choi   had been privy to classified information and given the opportunity to edit Park’s nationals security speeches. Choi has ties to a group called the “Eternal Life Church,” which many in South Korea consider a cult. Park issued multiple apologies following the revelation, while Choi issued a statement insisting that her illicit government involvement “deserves death. ”",0
16219,Brazil’s Graft-Prone Congress: A Circus That Even Has a Clown - The New York Times,"BRASÍLIA  —   One of Brazil’s   spectacles features a dizzying array of characters whose theatrics appear on millions of television sets most nights. The   cast of 594 includes suspects accused of murder and drug trafficking, aging former soccer players, a judo champion, a country music star and a collection of bearded men who have adopted roles as leaders of a women’s movement. The cast even includes a clown who goes by the name Grumpy. But these are not actors. They are the men and women who serve in the national legislature. Democracy can be a mystifying,    affair anywhere, but Brazil’s Congress has few equals. As the nation endures its worst political upheaval in a generation, the lawmakers  orchestrating the ouster of President Dilma Rousseff  —   who was suspended on Thursday and faces an impeachment trial on charges of manipulating the budget  —   are coming under renewed scrutiny. More than half of the members of Congress face legal challenges, from cases in auditing court involving public contracts to serious counts like kidnapping or murder, according to Transparency Brazil, a corruption monitoring group. The figures under investigation include the president of the Senate and the new speaker of the lower house. Just this month, the previous speaker, an evangelical Christian radio commentator fond of posting biblical verse on Twitter, was ejected to face trial on charges that he secreted as much as $40 million in bribes into Swiss bank accounts. Many of the legislature’s problems stem from the generous rewards to be found in Brazil’s   party system, an unwieldy collection of dozens of political organizations whose names and agendas often leave Brazilians scratching their heads. There is the Party of the Brazilian Woman, for instance  —   a group whose elected members in Congress are all men. “The electoral process allows many distortions,” said Suêd Haidar, the party’s founder and president. She sighed, acknowledging that many of the men who join have little interest in promoting women’s rights. One of those who joined the party, Senator Hélio José da Silva Lima, was accused of sexually abusing a young niece last year, though charges were later dropped. “What would become of us men if there were no women by our side, to bring us joy and pleasure?” he was quoted as saying in the Brazilian news media when asked about his decision to join the women’s party. The same public fury over endemic corruption and governmental mismanagement that helped drive Ms. Rousseff from power has long been directed at the cabal of politicians, most of them white men, whose penchant for   deals and   has become part of Brazilian lore. “The reputation of the political class in Brazil really can’t go any lower,” said Timothy J. Power, a professor of Brazilian studies at Oxford University. “People compare the legislature to the ‘House of Cards,’” he said, referring to the Netflix political drama, “but I disagree. ‘House of Cards’ is actually more believable. ” With 28 parties holding seats, the Brazilian Congress is the world’s most fractured, according to Mr. Power. The   Indonesia’s legislature, has a third fewer parties. “Brazil is not an outlier, it’s a freak,” said Gregory Michener, the director of the public transparency program at Fundação Getúlio Vargas, a university in Rio de Janeiro. The parties tend to use words like “Democratic,” “Christian” and “Republican” in their names, though “Labor” has them all beat. Among them are the Labor Party of Brazil, the Christian Labor Party, the Brazilian Labor Renewal Party and the National Labor Party. For the sake of variety, there are also the Workers’ Cause Party and Ms. Rousseff’s   Workers’ Party. “The entire system is a monster,” said Juremir Machado da Silva, a columnist at Correio do Povo, a newspaper in the southern city of Pôrto Alegre. Polling has shown that more than 70 percent of Brazilians cannot recall what parties the candidates they elect belong to, and that   of the electorate has no preference for any party. More important, experts say, is that most of the parties embrace no ideology or agenda and are simply vehicles for patronage and graft. In a typical   term, one in three federal legislators will switch parties, some more than once, according to a tally by Marcus André Melo, a political scientist at the Federal University of Pernambuco. Brazilian lawmakers are among the world’s highest paid, scholars say, with generous stipends that go well beyond their monthly salaries. They also receive free housing, health care and large staffs and enjoy special immunity from prosecution. Only the overworked Supreme Court can try them on criminal charges, a process that can take years. “The only thing that’s better than being a political party in Brazil is to be a church,” said Heni Ozi Cukier, a political scientist at the university E. S. P. M. in São Paulo. “They’re opportunists who are looking for something that gives them power, influence, protection. ” Forming a party requires collecting 500, 000 signatures. Mr. Cukier said 62 parties were seeking official recognition, including one named after a soccer team. Although Brazil’s president leads one of the world’s largest countries, he or she must forge coalitions with up to a dozen parties to get legislation passed in Congress. The price of loyalty is often a ministerial post, or three, depending on how many votes the party can deliver. In some instances, cooperation involves the illicit exchange of cash. In 2005, a scandal known as mensalão, or big monthly payment, revealed the pervasiveness of such arrangements. To win votes in Congress, the party of President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, Ms. Rousseff’s mentor and the   of the Workers’ Party, had been paying compliant lawmakers a monthly stipend of $12, 000. The most recent graft scandal  —   known as Operação Lava Jato, or Operation Car Wash  —   has proved even bigger, with billions of dollars in bribes directed to political parties from the national oil company, Petrobras. More than 200 people, from business tycoons to party leaders, have been implicated in the scandal, and their numbers are expected to grow. Public fury over the scheme played a pivotal role in the ouster of Ms. Rousseff, who was chairwoman of Petrobras when the kickback arrangement was hatched, though she has not been accused of any wrongdoing. In her impeachment trial, she is accused of a budgetary sleight of hand in an effort to conceal Brazil’s economic troubles and win   in 2014  —   not of stealing to enrich herself. The need to form alliances of convenience in Congress can lead to legislative chaos, especially when disgruntled partners bolt from the president’s coalition. Ms. Rousseff, who once enjoyed a wide majority in the lower house, was ultimately knocked aside by the house’s now deposed speaker, Eduardo Cunha, a onetime ally who faces a graft trial. Mr. Cunha’s party, the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party, called the P. M. D. B. has become a particular source of outrage in Brazil. Critics say the party, founded five decades ago as an opposition party but tolerated by the nation’s military dictatorship, has become a vast patronage trough for its members, who embrace a wide spectrum of ideologies. The party’s ace is its size, which means that presidents have to enter into a partnership that involves doling out coveted cabinet posts. Ms. Rousseff chose Michel Temer of the P. M. D. B. to be her vice president. This year, he turned against her and withdrew his party from her coalition, paving the way for Ms. Rousseff’s impeachment trial. Mr. Temer, who has been convicted of violating campaign finance limits, is now the nation’s president. Political reform can be challenging, given that legislators must approve undoing the system that protects them. There have been some changes, including a recent law that bars candidates with criminal records from running for office for eight years, and a campaign finance law, scheduled to take effect this year, that limits the influence of corporate money. The crush of Brazilian parties tends to favor celebrity candidates, whose name recognition helps vault them to the top of the ballot heap during elections. The most curious example is Tiririca the Clown, whose stage name translates as Grumpy. In 2010, he ran for the lower house on a lark with the slogan “It can’t get any worse,” and his campaign literature included this tagline: “What does a congressman do? The truth is I don’t know, but vote for me and I’ll tell you. ” He prevailed with more than 1. 3 million votes  —   nearly twice as many as the next candidate. In an interview, Tiririca  —   whose real name is Francisco Everardo Oliveira Silva, though Deputy Tiririca is the name on the house website  —   said he was often disappointed by the disarray in Congress. “At first it was a joke,” he said of his candidacy. “So I decided that if so many people believe in me, I would have to give it my best, and that’s what I’m doing. ”",0
16220,DELINGPOLE: Global Warming Study Cancelled Because of ’Unprecedented’ Ice,"A global warming research study in Canada has been cancelled because of “unprecedented” thick summer ice. [Naturally, the scientist in charge has blamed it on ‘climate change.’  According to Vice: The study, entitled BaySys, is a $     program headed by the University of Manitoba. It was planning to conduct the third leg of its research by sending 40 scientists from five Canadian universities out into the Bay on the Canadian Research Icebreaker CCGS Amundsen to study “contributions of climate change and regulation on the Hudson Bay system. ” But it had to be cancelled because the scientists’ icebreaker was required by the Canadian Coast Guard for a rather more urgent purpose  —   rescuing fishing boats and supply ships which had got stuck in the “unprecedented ice conditions”. “It became clear to me very quickly that these weren’t just heavy ice conditions, these were unprecedented ice conditions,” Dr. David Barber, the lead scientist on the study, told VICE. “We were finding thick   sea ice floes which on level ice were five metres thick  …     it was much, much thicker and much, much heavier than anything you would expect at that latitude and at that time of year. ” Clearly not one to let a crisis go to waste, Barber seized the opportunity to perform the usual alarmist clown dance for the media, explaining why this incident definitely shows that global warming is a major problem and deserving of our urgent attention. He told Vice: “It was clear it was from the Arctic, I just needed to be among the ice to see it,” said Dr. Barber. “What was also clear to me was that climate change has caused this event to happen. ” [Don’t you just love that “I just needed to be among the ice”? I think what he’s trying in his subtle way to tell us is: “Not all superheroes wear capes”] Warming to his theme, he told Global News: “This is climate change fully in action  —   affecting our ability to make use of marine resources and transport things. ” and, “This is a   call for all of us in the country. ” Of course it is. Now Barber has the perfect excuse to share his war stories with all the other global warming experts who have had their research   stunts stymied by unseasonal bouts of global warming. There was the Ship of Fools expedition in which an Australian climate researcher called Chris Turkey had to call an expedition to the melting Antarctic after his ship got stuck in the ice. The Caitlin Expedition  —   supported by the Prince of Wales  —   in which Pen Haddow and his team had to abandon their trip to the North Pole because it was colder than they’d expected. Most recently there was Ship of Fools II, in which a global warming research voyage by David Hempleman Adams had to be curtailed because of unexpected ice. What on earth can Mother Gaia be trying to tell them? Possibly the same message she’s trying to send out to the Greenies in California with this unexpected fall of white global warming. Why, if you didn’t know better you’d almost think unseasonal bouts of snow and ice were nothing to do with “global warming” but were a natural phenomenon which had been with us since time immemorial  …    .",0
16221,If It’s She,"Breitbart October 27, 2016 
U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said on Tuesday that Democrat Hillary Clinton’s plan for Syria would “lead to World War Three,” because of the potential for conflict with military forces from nuclear-armed Russia. 
In an interview focused largely on foreign policy, Trump said defeating Islamic State is a higher priority than persuading Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down, playing down a long-held goal of U.S. policy. 
… 
“What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria,” said Trump as he dined on fried eggs and sausage at his Trump National Doral golf resort. “You’re going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton. 
“You’re not fighting Syria any more, you’re fighting Syria, Russia and Iran, all right? Russia is a nuclear country, but a country where the nukes work as opposed to other countries that talk,” he said.",0
16222,"Anti-Trump violence sweeps the nation, ignored by media","Print 
While the mainstream media has been working day and night promoting Hillary Clinton’s candidacy, it has largely ignored or downplayed violent attacks against supporters of Donald Trump. 
But assaults on Trump supporters appear to be growing increasingly common as Election Day approaches and tensions intensify. Reports of Trump lawn signs and banners being stolen and defaced are everywhere on social media. 
Making matters worse, undercover video evidence emerged showing senior Democrat operatives Robert Creamer and Scott Foval acknowledging using dirty, likely illegal tricks against the Trump campaign. Their goal was to generate negative media coverage of Trump rallies by fomenting violence at them. The media eagerly used the various fisticuffs and melees the Democrats created to attempt to discredit Trump by depicting his supporters as violent, knuckle-dragging crazies. 
The videos, shot by ACORN slayer James O’Keefe’s group Project Veritas Action, show Foval on camera saying his agents “infiltrate” Trump events. “It doesn’t matter what the friggin’ legal and ethics people say, we need to win this motherf****er.” He adds, “we’re starting anarchy here.”",0
16223,Obama Tries to Reassure Latin America About a Future With Donald Trump - The New York Times,"LIMA, Peru  —   President Obama said here on Saturday that, while   Donald J. Trump was unlikely to reverse the warming of ties with Cuba, he would almost certainly   trade deals in Latin America. “There are going to be tensions that arise, probably around trade more than anything,” Mr. Obama told an audience of students and young leaders from Latin America. “Because the   campaigned on looking at every trade policy and potentially reversing those policies. ” Even on trade, though, Mr. Trump will have a tough time making drastic changes to United States policy, Mr. Obama said. “But once they look at how it’s working, I think they’ll actually determine that it’s working for both the United States and our partners,” Mr. Obama said. “The friendships we’ve established with countries like Peru, the reopening of diplomatic relations with Cuba, investments we’re making in trade, environmental policies and so forth  —   all those things I expect to continue,” he added. Mr. Trump has offered contradictory views on Cuban relations. Early in his campaign, Mr. Trump claimed to support restoring ties, but he said more recently in Miami that Mr. Obama should have gotten a better deal. Mr. Obama was speaking to aspiring entrepreneurs and civil society leaders about how to improve their lives and countries  —   one of his preferred activities  —   during the last stop of his final overseas trip as president. He began his trip on Tuesday in Greece, went to Germany on Wednesday and flew to Peru on Friday to attend the   Economic Cooperation summit meeting. Along the way, he has tried, with limited success, to reassure audiences that Mr. Trump will not discard the agreements and priorities that Mr. Obama has devoted much of his presidency to advancing. His toughest task was here at a summit meeting of an organization that helped birth the   Partnership trade agreement, an accord that is almost certainly dead as a result of Mr. Trump’s victory. Also, one of Mr. Trump’s signature campaign strategies was to demonize immigrants from Latin America, and he referred to those crossing the border from Mexico as rapists and criminals. Just about every question posed to Mr. Obama from the audience here had to do with the anxiety Mr. Trump has stirred in this part of the world. “The United States is such a big country that, after any election, people are uncertain,” Mr. Obama said. “I think it will be important for people around the world to not make immediate judgments. ” He also predicted that relations between Latin America and the United States would not change much. “The main message I want you to know is that you have a partner in me and you have a partner in the United States government,” Mr. Obama said to applause. “And we are going to work together. ” Part of the reason relations are unlikely to change dramatically, he said, is that the United States’ security depends on Latin American nations’ faring well enough that their people decide to remain home instead of attempting the arduous journey to enter the United States illegally. “The best way for my daughters to be secure in America is to make sure that people in Guatemala or El Salvador are also feeling secure because, if they’re not, that may spill over the borders to us,” he said. While the illegal migration of Mexicans has largely halted in recent years, gang violence in El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala has combined with economic desperation to drive migrants from those countries to seek safety in other countries, mainly the United States. Answering a question on Saturday from a Venezuelan audience member, Mr. Obama painted a dark portrait of the progress of freedom around the world, and said the wave of countries adopting democratic governance had reversed itself. “You’re seeing some countries that are going backward rather than forwards in terms of freedom of press, freedom of the internet, in terms of respecting political opposition and civil society,” he said. Venezuela’s economy is nearing collapse as its government cracks down on opposition leaders in an increasingly desperate effort to cling to power. Mr. Obama also said a growing number of people were now arguing that democracy is incompatible with development. China’s success over the past 30 years in creating a manufacturing colossus through its authoritarian measures has some leaders, particularly in Asia, insisting that too much democracy can be detrimental. But Mr. Obama said that, over the long term, countries that pursue democracy, transparency and accountability fare far better than those that do not. “In this time that we live in, development is based on knowledge and innovation and education and new thinking and sharing of ideas,” Mr. Obama said. In authoritarian systems, economies respond poorly to change because their populations are not as   or as flexible, he said. “You can maintain order for a while with repressive nondemocratic governance, but it will rot from within,” Mr. Obama said. “Over time, those governments fail and those economies fail. ” Mr. Obama told the crowd here to avoid fervent nationalism and identity politics, which he said could lead to conflicts. “If the most important thing about you is that you are an American,” Mr. Obama began, drawing an implicit contrast with Mr. Trump, “if that’s the one thing that defines you, then you may end up being threatened by people from other places, when in fact you may have a lot in common and you may miss opportunities. ” Mr. Trump has defined his governing philosophy as “America First,” and has already appointed avowed nationalists to top positions in his administration. Mr. Obama described himself as a proud American, but said the world was far too interconnected for leaders to be wholly focused on their own nations. “If there’s pollution in China, then that affects you here in Peru,” he said.",0
16224,John Podesta’s Sister-in-Law Lobbied For Raytheon While Hillary Was Secretary of State,"at 11:08 am 1 Comment 
The Podesta family seems particularly adept at earning extraordinary sums of money via selling out the American public. Earlier this year, I highlighted how John Podesta’s brother Tony was paid $140,000 per month by the medieval monarchy of Saudi Arabia. After all, who cares about women’s rights when the pay is good? 
Here’s a excerpt from the post, “Getting Things Done” – The Brother of Hillary Clinton’s Campaign Chair is a Major Lobbyist for Saudi Arabia : The kingdom employs a total of eight American firms that perform lobbying, consulting, public relations and legal work. Five of the firms work for the Saudi Arabia Embassy, while another two — Podesta Group and BGR Group — have registered to represent the Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court, an arm of the government. PR giant Edelman, meanwhile, is working for the Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority to encourage international investment. The Podesta Group is billing Saudi Arabia $140,000 a month for its public relations services. During the last few months of 2015, it sent 27 emails, had two phone calls and one meeting with lawmakers and staffers, journalists, and organizations including Human Rights Watch and the Center for American Progress, disclosure forms show. DLA Piper receives $50,000 a month from the kingdom and sent hundreds of emails to top congressional staffers between September and the end of February regarding meeting requests and, more generally, “issues affecting U.S.-Saudi Arabia national security interests.” 
Notice the firm DLA Piper mentioned above. You’ll want to remember that for later. 
Moving along, the Podestas are diligent about making sure everyone gets to feed at the trough, including extended family. 
As James Rosen of Fox News uncovers: 
Amid the tumult of the 2016 presidential campaign, John Podesta is best known as Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman and the individual from whose private account WikiLeaks is presently publishing some 50,000 hacked emails. 
For several months in 2012, Clinton’s final year as secretary of state, Raytheon, the leading defense contractor, hired Podesta’s sister-in-law, Heather Podesta, as a lobbyist, federal records show. 
Raytheon was looking to enlarge its share of foreign military sales – transfers of advanced weapons systems to other countries that are reviewed and approved by the Department of State, then implemented by the Department of Defense – and was beefing up its lobbying operation to accomplish that goal before Secretary Clinton left office. 
At the same time, Raytheon retained two other lobbyists, John Merrigan and Matt Bernstein, both associated with the powerhouse D.C. law firm DLA Piper. All three of these lobbyists, including Ms. Podesta, were major donors or bundlers to Hillary Clinton’s 2008 and 2016 campaigns. Federal records show they have raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for Clinton’s campaigns and earned hundreds of thousands of dollars lobbying her State Department. 
There’s DLA Piper again. They appears to have their fingers in all realms of the military-industrial complex cookie jar. 
In the final three quarters of 2012, DLA Piper earned some $360,000 in lobbying fees from Raytheon, courting the State Department and other agencies, while Ms. Podesta, within that same time frame, received $100,000 from Raytheon for the same purpose. 
The gambit appears to have worked: Records maintained by the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, the arm of the Defense Department that coordinates the transfers of weapons systems once they have received State’s approval, show Raytheon as a prime contractor in at least seventeen foreign military sales in 2012, worth an estimated total of $26 billion. Of those contracts, three with the Gulf nation of Qatar – for missile defense, Apache attack helicopters and other materiel – accounted for $19 billion. 
The individual at the State Department who was statutorily entrusted to approve foreign military sales was Andrew Shapiro, the assistant secretary of state for political and military affairs. Prior to his nomination to that job, Shapiro had served as Clinton’s national security adviser in her Senate office. Today, Shapiro is a partner in a Washington consulting firm whose other co-founders include Philippe Reines, Clinton’s longtime press aide. 
You starting to see how all this works? 
The firm mentioned above is Beacon Global Strategies, and I covered them in this summer’s post: New York Times Fails to Disclose Op-Ed Writer’s Ties to Hillary Clinton’s ‘Principal Gatekeeper’ . 
After Clinton stepped down as secretary of state in February 2013, Raytheon discontinued the services of Heather Podesta + Partners, and ceased its use of DLA Piper at State. 
While experts do not believe any laws were broken, the affair illustrates how Washington worked in the first Obama term, and particularly at the Clinton State Department. The Raytheon operation bears some similarity to a pop-up store that materializes to serve a seasonal need, such as Halloween candy or July Fourth fireworks, then vanishes once that need has been met. 
Simply incredible. 
“I think this is as close an example of pay-to-play as we’ve seen,” said Raj Shah, deputy communications director at the Republican National Committee. “And that’s why [Raytheon] made these hires [of Heather Podesta, Merrigan and Bernstein]. … Their experience was getting access to Hillary Clinton and raising money for her.” 
But hey…",0
16225,New Ferguson Video Adds Wrinkle to Michael Brown Case - The New York Times,"In the two and a half years since Michael Brown, a black    was shot and killed by a white police officer in Ferguson, Mo. the explosive case has been parsed in intricate detail. Witnesses offered varying descriptions of the fatal encounter. Investigators examined bloodstain evidence on the street where Mr. Brown died. And the police released a security video from a nearby store that showed Mr. Brown pushing a worker and taking cigarillos minutes before the shooting. But a second, previously unreported video from that same convenience store included in a new documentary is raising new questions about what happened in the hours before the shooting on Aug. 9, 2014. The footage shows Mr. Brown entering the store, Ferguson Market and Liquor, shortly after 1 a. m. on the day he died. He approaches the counter, hands over an item that appears to be a small bag and takes a shopping sack filled with cigarillos. Mr. Brown is shown walking toward the door with the sack, then turning around and handing the cigarillos back across the counter before exiting. Jason Pollock, a documentary filmmaker who acquired the new tape, says the footage challenges the police narrative that Mr. Brown committed a   robbery when he returned to the store around noon that day. Instead, Mr. Pollock believes that the new video shows Mr. Brown giving a small bag of marijuana to store employees and receiving cigarillos in return as part of a negotiated deal. Mr. Pollock said Mr. Brown left the cigarillos behind the counter for safekeeping. “There was some type of exchange, for one thing, for another,” Lesley McSpadden, Mr. Brown’s mother, says in Mr. Pollock’s documentary, “Stranger Fruit,” which premiered Saturday at the South by Southwest festival in Austin, Tex. and examines the shooting from the family’s perspective. But Jay Kanzler, a lawyer for the convenience store and its employees, strongly disputes that version of events, and said the new footage is unrelated to Mr. Brown’s later visit to the store. “There was no transaction,” Mr. Kanzler said. “There was no understanding. No agreement. Those folks didn’t sell him cigarillos for pot. The reason he gave it back is he was walking out the door with unpaid merchandise and they wanted it back. ” Regardless of what happened at the store in the   hours, the new security footage does not resolve   questions about Mr. Brown’s encounter with Officer Darren Wilson along a Ferguson street that day. Officer Wilson, who claimed that he feared for his life and had been assaulted by Mr. Brown, was cleared of criminal wrongdoing by a county grand jury and federal civil rights investigators. He resigned from the Police Department. Mr. Brown’s death and the sometimes violent protests that followed raised broad questions about how police officers treat black people, both in the St. Louis area and across the country, and many remain steadfast in their belief that Mr. Brown was murdered. Protesters were particularly offended by the Ferguson Police Department’s decision to release the video that showed Mr. Brown shoving the store clerk, perceiving it as part of an effort to defame and demonize the young man. Ms. McSpadden, who also spells her first name as Lezley, questioned why that tape was released publicly while her son’s earlier visit to the store had been kept quiet. “They destroyed Michael’s character with the tape, and they didn’t show us what actually happened,” said Mr. Pollock, who spent more than two years in Ferguson conducting research for his documentary, and who questions the decision to not charge Officer Wilson. “So this shows their intention to make him look bad. And shows suppression of evidence. ” The St. Louis County Police Department briefly mentioned Mr. Brown’s   visit to the store in a lengthy report on the case, which tipped Mr. Pollock off to the existence of an additional video. Sgt. Shawn McGuire, a spokesman for the county police, said in an email on Saturday that footage of the earlier encounter had not been released because it was not relevant to the investigation. He added later that he could not confirm the video’s authenticity. Spokesmen for the city of Ferguson and the St. Louis County prosecutor’s office did not immediately respond to requests for comment on Saturday. Mr. Brown’s parents have filed a federal lawsuit against Officer Wilson, the city of Ferguson and the former Ferguson police chief. A civil trial is scheduled to start next year.",0
16226,"How Police Found Second Bomb, and a ‘Total Containment Vessel’ Hauled It Away - The New York Times","After the explosion on West 23rd Street on Saturday night, the police did what they typically do when they suspect a bomb has gone off. They spread out and began looking for unexploded bombs  —   what those on the New York Police Department’s bomb squad call “secondaries. ” Officers began searching block by block, going as far south as 14th Street and as far north as 34th Street. A few hours into the effort, two state troopers participating in the search found what appeared to be one, on West 27th Street, about four blocks above the explosion. On the sidewalk on the north side of the street, there was a pressure cooker with a cellphone attached to it, law enforcement officials said. A photograph of the device shared on social media shows the cookware, with wires and the cellphone. The authorities confirmed that the photo was authentic. The police have not said whether a tip helped lead the troopers to the device or whether the officers discovered it entirely unaided. “They circled the block and they parked their vehicle and actually walked down the block, and that’s how they found it,” the city’s new police commissioner, James P. O’Neill, said at a news conference on Sunday. “They did a great job. ” The police used a robot to inspect the device and place it in what is called a “total containment vessel,” a spherical chamber hitched to a police truck. The vehicle set off east on West 27th Street around 2:25 a. m. turning north on Avenue of the Americas and then heading toward the Bronx. The total containment vessel is essentially an   diving vessel, Lt. Mark Torre, the commanding officer of the department’s bomb squad, said in an interview in July. “Instead of keeping the pressure out and keeping you alive in five fathoms of water, it keeps the pressure in,” he explained. Should a bomb explode inside, tiny vents allow pressure to escape. “It sounds like a hammer hitting a piece of steel,” he said. It was not clear how many such vessels the department has, but it appears to be at least three. In 2014, the department put out an advertisement in search of a company that “feels it can provide services necessary to refurbish three existing total containment vessels,” according to contracting records. Such vessels are often capable of containing a blast of 25 pounds of TNT or more, and they are increasingly a common piece of equipment for police agencies across the country. Even the campus force for the University of Georgia has one. Because the purpose of the vessel is to contain the blast, the bomb squad does not typically close streets when it drives through the city with a bomb in the containment vessel. The police brought the device to Rodman’s Neck, a peninsula in the Bronx where the police have a facility. It is where many suspicious packages and much unexploded ordnance ends up, for the bomb squad to disassemble or blow up in a controlled environment. The police have said little about what the bomb squad has learned about the device found on West 27th Street. It appeared to resemble in some ways the devices used in the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings. The Boston Marathon bombers, the brothers Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, appeared to have gotten their plans for the two   bombs they placed at the finishing line from Inspire, the   magazine published online by Al Qaeda’s branch in Yemen. Each issue includes    instructions on building bombs and mounting attacks. By Sunday afternoon, the bomb squad was struggling to find a way to open the device that minimized the risk of an explosion, a law enforcement official said, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss the continuing investigation. Much about the device remained unknown. But if it was similar to the one that exploded on West 23rd Street, it was powerful. That explosion sent a Dumpster well over 100 feet down the street, the official said. On Sunday, after the police used a small controlled explosion to disable the device, it was being sent to the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s laboratory in Quantico, Va.",0
16227,South Carolina Stuns Baylor to Reach the Round of Eight - The New York Times,"South Carolina’s win over   Duke was not only a surprise to fans. In the postgame revelry, Coach Frank Martin had to ask an assistant whom his team would face next. “Who we got?” Martin said. The answer was that the   Gamecocks would face Baylor in New York, at Madison Square Garden. A tide of emotions swept over the coach. Martin knows the deep roots that the South Carolina program has here, the pipeline that the former coach Frank McGuire once established out of the boroughs, busing a city’s flair to the southern countryside. First, Bobby Cremins, then Kevin Joyce, Mike Dunleavy and Brian Winters. Those last three were on the team in 1973, the last one from South Carolina to win in the N. C. A. A. tournament. Before this one. This team followed its upset of Duke with a complete thrashing of   Baylor,   and now goes zooming into the round of 8 to face Florida, propelled by a victory that McGuire, who died in 1994, would unquestionably have adored. “It all starts with our mindset,” Martin said. “We have got guys that are completely bought into what we do. ” Baylor, a team whose individual talent can leave N. B. A. scouts drooling, one that rose to No. 1 in the nation earlier this season, learned the hard way on Friday. South Carolina’s defense has made many teams look bad this season, including, in certain moments, Duke. But for nearly eight minutes in the first half, there was a point when Baylor’s offense seemed actually to be deserving of some pity. After taking a lead,   with 9 minutes 58 seconds left in the half, the Bears stopped scoring. Minutes ticked by. Misses piled up. The momentum turned into a landslide. It was as dry a spell as any in Madison Square Garden this season  —   and that is saying something in the home of the woeful Knicks. The Gamecocks capitalized on the Bears’ incompetence  —   they missed 11 straight shots  —   by scoring 18 unanswered points. A   by Jake Lindsey ended the drought, 7:37 after it began. Trailing by   at halftime, Baylor slumped off to its locker room looking shellshocked. “When you miss the first couple,” Baylor Coach Scott Drew said, “instead of the basket getting bigger, it gets smaller. ” South Carolina’s defense only seemed to intensify in the second half, as did its effect on the Bears. Baylor’s players dropped easy passes, dribbled off their own feet, and stepped mindlessly out of the bounds. “I felt like we were in their heads the whole game,” said Sindarius Thornwell, the Gamecocks’ senior forward. South Carolina’s players said Thursday that it was easy to pinpoint from where their defensive prowess stems. It is from Martin, who calls the defense his “baby” and designed it in his image, an image he projects as he prowls the sidelines with a glare that could melt ice. When asked how this team had managed to beat two of its last three opponents by 20 points each, sophomore guard P. J. Dozier had the answer immediately. “Defense,” he said. “That’s what we hang our hats on. That’s what this coaching staff instilled in us. ” Against a team with more size, with long arms and lean torsos, the Gamecocks crashed the defensive glass, limiting Baylor’s putback opportunities. The senior guard Justin McKie called it “gang rebounding,” and it worked: South Carolina outrebounded Baylor,   and held the Bears to only 13   points. “We knew when the shot went up, we all had to find a body and put our body on somebody,” Thornwell said. “We had to limit their second chances. ” A   run by the Bears midway through the second half pulled Baylor within 11. But a   by Thornwell calmed things. Within a few minutes, the Gamecocks were back ahead by 20. Now only 40 minutes stand between them and the Final Four.",0
16228,"Trump’s Cabinet, Refugee Ban, Grammys: Your Weekend Briefing - The New York Times","Here are the week’s top stories, and a look ahead. 1. The whiplash legal drama over President Trump’s immigration actions highlighted swirling confusion as his White House team tried to find its footing in a chaotic first few weeks on the job. Mr. Trump said that he might sign “a   order” as soon as Monday to replace the travel ban a   appeals panel unanimously refused to reinstate. For now, refugees and travelers from seven predominantly Muslim countries can continue to enter the U. S. _____ 2. Undocumented immigrants are bracing for a surge in deportations as the federal government prepares to follow through on Mr. Trump’s campaign pledge to crack down on illegal immigration. A case in Phoenix illustrated their fears: Guadalupe García de Rayos, 35, a married mother of two who sneaked across the border 21 years ago, was deported to Nogales, Mexico, after a routine   with the federal immigration agency. Her abrupt removal “illustrates the new reality,” the Mexican government said, warning its citizens in the U. S. to “take precautions and to keep in touch with their nearest consulate. ” _____ 3. Senate battles and unexpected revelations about nominees  —   undocumented household workers, questionable stock trades, undisclosed financial holdings  —   slowed the formation of the Trump cabinet to a crawl. Betsy DeVos became education secretary only after a historic tiebreaking vote from Vice President Mike Pence  —   and an acrimonious,   vigil on the Senate floor by the chamber’s Democrats. Tom Price was confirmed as secretary of health and human services after another   marathon. This week, the Senate holds confirmation votes on Steven Mnuchin for Treasury secretary, David Shulkin to head veterans affairs and Linda McMahon for administrator of the Small Business Administration. It will also hold a hearing on Andrew Puzder, whose nomination to be labor secretary has been opposed by labor groups concerned about his heavy opposition to workplace regulation. _____ 4. #LetLizSpeak became a rallying cry after Republican senators chided and formally silenced Senator Elizabeth Warren for impugning a peer, Senator Jeff Sessions, as she opposed his nomination for attorney general by reading a 1986 letter from Coretta Scott King. The move unleashed a powerful backlash, not least among women who know what it’s like to be told to hold their tongues. As our reporter wrote: “Republicans seized her microphone. And gave her a megaphone. ” Outside Washington, Republicans in state capitals are swiftly using their newfound power  —      control in 25 states  —   to advance a wave of legislation aiming to curtail union powers and abortion rights, loosen gun regulations, expand   programs and slash taxes and spending. _____ 5. Mr. Trump made further forays into foreign relations, tempering some of his harsher statements. To secure a phone call with China’s leader, Xi Jinping, he made conciliatory comments and affirmed his commitment to America’s “One China” policy. He also pulled toward the center on Israel, saying that the nation’s move to expand its West Bank settlements is not “a good thing for peace. ” North Korea tested a ballistic missile, prompting statements of solidarity from Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan and Mr. Trump, who were at the president’s    resort in Florida for a    outing. Above, the Trumps with Mr. Abe and his wife, Akie Abe, and Robert Kraft of the New England Patriots. The president meets this week with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada on Monday, and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel on Wednesday. _____ 6. Nordstrom became the latest business to wander into the president’s sights when it decided to drop Ivanka Trump’s retail brand from its stores, citing poor performance. The fallout: a critical presidential tweet, a “boycott Nordstrom” movement from Trump supporters, a “support Nordstrom” push from Trump opponents, and a dizzying example of the partisan tightrope companies now walk. _____ 7. The 59th Grammy Awards are tonight (CBS, 8 p. m. Eastern, red carpet a   earlier) and the race to watch is Adele versus Beyoncé, facing off in each of the top three categories: album, record and song of the year. James Corden, a   Grammy host, is planning to make the most of his 15 minutes (literally that’s all he gets) and our writers have tips on five    artists to watch. Not interested in the music showdown? You might still be fascinated by this tale of how the 350 Grammy trophies are made by a craftsman who has been at it for nearly 30 years. _____ 8. The arc of women’s working lives is changing. Compared with past generations, women are now more likely to work at every stage of their lives, including into their 60s and even 70s. Some older workers keep their jobs out of financial necessity, but economic research indicates that a growing number of women stay employed longer because they find their careers fulfilling. “I feel 40,” said Lee Ann Monfredini, above, 68 and a broker in San Francisco. “I’m really not that good at the retirement thing. And I love the joy of getting that big commission check. ” _____ 9. On TV, “Girls” returns tonight for its final season (HBO, 10 p. m. Eastern) and John Oliver will also be back in action after a long break (HBO, 11 p. m. Eastern). If you’re on the hunt for weekend viewing suggestions, our Watching team has some ideas. You can also catch up on the week’s best quips and sketches with our curated cull of   comedy shows. _____ 10. Moving on to happier thoughts, it’s nearly Valentine’s Day. Romantics can check out our latest Modern Love podcast or revisit one of the column’s perennially   entries: “The 36 Questions That Lead to Love. ” Those on the verge of a permanent pairing might want to also consult “13 Questions to Ask Before Getting Married. ” Our “Committed” series explores the   history of wedding announcements in The New York Times, with updates on noteworthy couples like the Gibbses, one of the first   pairs featured. Sixty years later, they are still happily together. _____ 11. And finally, more optimistic news on aging well, from a new scientific study of a    cyclist. You can take advantage of his workout approach  —   brief bursts of strenuous activity mixed with   exercise  —   in as little as one minute. In other fun news from our friends in science: hip action is the key to being a dancing queen,   geckos have a really freaky way of dodging danger, and a fiery meteor last week blazed a trail visible all the way from New York to Nebraska. Have a great week. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Weekend Briefing is published Sundays at 6 a. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Evening Briefing, weeknights at 6 p. m. Eastern. Want to look back? Here’s Friday’s Evening Briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
16229,"Scott Bennett, Whistleblower, U.S. Army Terrorist Threat Finance Analyst Under Dov Zakheim - A Gross Perversion of Justice - UBS Whistleblower Brad Birkenfeld Worked With the CIA's Edward Snowden - Terrorist Financing Banks UBS & HSBC Are Represented by Covington & Burling, Employer of Eric Holder, Lanny Breuer, Michael Chertoff, Roger Zakheim - Demand Accountability From Your Representatives!","Exposing the I.S.I.S. Lie: How President Obama & Hillary Clinton Created I.S.I.S. 
Scott Bennett, former Army intelligence officer, once private contractor to CIA financier Booz Allen Hamilton, and author of the book Shell Game, a military whistleblowing report to the U.S. Congress, stated he gave Rolling Stone reporter Michael Hastings information about Swiss bank accounts which directly implicated former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and President Obama in the formation of I.S.I.S., just prior to Hastings being killed in a suspicious auto accident. 


Shell Game: NSA - CIA - UBS - Booz Allen Hamilton Scandal 

Synopsis: A true story, originally submitted as a TOP SECRET/SCI military whistleblowing report to U.S. Civil Affairs - Psychological Operations Command in 2012, by an American Army Officer and State Department contractor working at the highest levels of American military intelligence, counterterrorism, and psychological warfare. This report to Congress exposed the betrayal and cover-up by the U.S. government of the Union Bank of Switzerland - Brad Birkenfeld - terrorist threat finance connection to Edward Snowden's intelligence on the National Security Agency, Central Intelligence Agency, Booz Allen Hamilton, and U.S. Central Command. This report exposed new links to Pentagon Comptroller Dov Zakheim, his son Roger Zakheim, and the Pentagon and WTC 9-11 attacks. http://www.lulu.com/spotlight/shellgame 


Buzzsaw: Money Trails, Whistleblowers & Government Secrets + Lies with Scott Bennett   
PROJECT CAMELOT: SCOTT BENNETT : CIA, SWISS BANKS FUND ISIS   
SHELL GAME: An affidavit by Scott Bennett and Michael Jay   ",0
16230,Captured Cartel Boss Held Multiple Properties in Mexican Border City,"PIEDRAS NEGRAS, Coahuila  —   A recently captured Mexican cartel boss managed to purchase multiple properties in this border city at an estimated value of $2. 5 million dollars. [Last week, Mexican federal authorities arrested Antonio “La Hamburguesa or the Hamburger” Romo Lopez, a lieutenant within the Gulf Cartel. The capture was carried out after a gun battle and   chase through a mountain region with Mexican authorities in Zacatecas. Romo Lopez was arrested with his two bodyguards Armando N “Huevotes or Big Testicles” and Ernesto N “Garrotas or Big Claws”.  According to Mexican authorities, Romo Lopez was the regional boss in Zacatecas for the Gulf Cartel and was one of the individuals largely responsible for the escalating violence in the state. Mexican and American law enforcement officials revealed to Breitbart Texas that Romo Lopez was operating in Zacatecas, Tamaulipas, and Sonora.  After Romo’s arrest, Fernando Purón the mayor of Piedras Negras, Coahuila, made a public announcement claiming the cartel leader had multiple properties with an estimated value of $50 million pesos or approximately $2. 5 million USD. Piedras Negras is a border city immediately south of Eagle Pass, Texas.  According to public statements made by Purón, he turned over various documents that indicate Romo’s possession of various properties in Piedras Negras. The recently captured cartel leader in the past worked as the regional boss and purchased multiple properties during his time there. After Romo left Piedras Negras, rivals vandalized some of the buildings. Purón claimed he demolished some of the buildings and painted over others at the outset of his administration.  The Mexican mayor claimed to have asked federal authorities to seize Romo’s properties and others to keep cartels from holding their assets after their eventual release. Editor’s Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila, and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities.  The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by “J. M. Martinez” from Piedras Negras, Coahuila. ",0
16231,Bill Maher: ’I’m a House N**ga’ - Breitbart,"During a Friday HBO “Real Time” conversation with Sen. Ben Sasse ( ) host Bill Maher joked that he is not a “house n**ga” when the senator suggested he come work in the fields of Nebraska.  Partial transcript as follows: MAHER: Halloween used to be a kid thing. SASSE: It’s not anymore? MAHER: Not out here. Adults dress up for Halloween. They don’t do that in Nebraska? SASSE: It’s frowned upon. Yeah, we don’t do that quite as much. MAHER: I’ve got to get to Nebraska more. SASSE: You’re welcome. We’d love to have you work in the fields for us. MAHER: Work in the fields? Senator, I’m a house nigga [applause]. It’s a joke! Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
16232,MS-13 Members Charged with Machete Attacks in U.S.A.,"Three   gang members living in the Long Island town of Westbury have been charged with attempted murder following their alleged involvement with two machete attacks. [Brothers Fidel Hernandez, 23, Jose Hernandez, 26, along with Miguel Urias Arguenta, 18, are now facing murder charges following two separate attacks —  including one which involved a    male victim.  According to a report by Nassau County Police, Fidel Hernandez attacked the victim with a machete during one of the incidents, while Jose Hernandez, armed with a handgun, fired bullets at the victim. Arguenta was at the scene of the attack and later fled on foot with the Hernandez brothers. The Hernandez are also accused of assaulting another victim months ago. All three men charged in the attacks are   gang members, which is a violent crime syndicate originally from El Salvador. The Hernandez brothers are now both charged with two counts of   murder, as well as possession of a dangerous weapon charges. Arguenta is being charged with   murder also. Most recently, Breitbart Texas reported on the overwhelming presence of the   gang in the Long Island region of New York. There are more than 200 members of the violent, El Salvadorian   gang in the Long Island area, according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI)  Breitbart Texas reported. John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
16233,Former London Mayor Ken Livingstone Continues Fight Against Anti-Semitism Charges,"Former London Mayor Ken Livingstone will know on Tuesday whether he still has a future in the UK Labour Party when a disciplinary hearing sparked by comments he made about Hitler resumes. [Mr. Livingstone has been giving evidence behind closed doors as he fights to stay a member of the party after his controversial claim that Adolf Hitler supported the creation of a Jewish state. The allegation was made in a radio interview last May when he said the Nazi leader had supported Zionism in the 1930s before he “went mad and ended up killing six million Jews. ” He was suspended immediately thereafter.  Mr. Livingstone also claimed there was a “  campaign by the Israel lobby to smear anybody who criticises Israeli policy as  ”. His case is being heard by Labour’s national constitution committee which will decide if he engaged in conduct which was “grossly detrimental” to the party. Before entering the tribunal on Friday, the veteran   expressed his hope that he would be allowed to remain in the Labour fold. “I’m always hopeful. It’s pretty fair. The injustice was actually suspending me for something I hadn’t said,” Mr. Livingstone said. “Have I said anything that wasn’t true? All the Jewish activists who spoke on my behalf yesterday, all actually confirmed what I said was true. “The big difference is that, though I said that Hitler supported Zionism, MPs like John Mann were immediately claiming that I said Hitler was a Zionist. “That was repeated on the Jewish Chronicle website with appalling other stories saying that I said Jews were like Nazis, none of this is true. “So, as long as the truth prevails, we will be OK. ” Afterwards Mr. Livingstone said he had been questioned for four hours. Asked if the case was “all about Palestine” he said: “No it’s about a smear against supporters of Jeremy Corbyn. If the charge is upheld, he could be expelled from the party.  ",0
16234,Jerry Brown Seeks ’Common Ground’ with Donald Trump - Breitbart,"California Gov. Jerry Brown cited the disaster relief and infrastructure needs of his state as he told reporters on Monday in Washington, D. C. that there are areas where he is seeking to work with the Trump Administration. [“I find complexity and contradiction very congenial to my bent of mind,” Brown said, in response to questions of whether he felt “conflicted and torn” under pressures to oppose or cooperate with the Trump administration.  Brown met with Federal Emergency Management (FEMA) Agency acting Administrator Bob Fenton on Monday, according to the Sacramento Bee which posted video of Brown’s comments to reporters. Brown has estimated storm damage at over $500 million dollars. On Sunday Brown, sought a fourth federal disaster declaration from President Donald Trump according to KTLA. Brown was told in the meeting of Trump’s great concern for disaster relief in California. While Brown expressed a positive response to Trump’s words, he did not relent in his criticism of the administration’s choice to review greenhouse gas standards, according to the report. California is still dealing with the damaged Oroville Dam spillway. Storms have brought welcome water to the   state, while at the same time further stressing critical infrastructure. Brown has continued to slam GOP and Trump administration aims, including the repeal and replacement of Obamacare. But under the pressure of the needs of California, he seemed more willing to work with the administration on Monday. Asked again about pressure to be the “voice of the resistance,” Brown replied, “I will pursue my own rhetorical paths. ” He continued: I will do so in the spirit of advancing the interest of California and recognizing that we’re a part of the union and there’s a lot to be, that we’re not going our totally separate way. we are distinct. we have a sovereignty. we will pursue that. but we also have a commonality with other states and with the national government  …     Brown said he is seeking to “find common ground” and that he “wouldn’t rule anything out or anything in. ” Brown faces the heavy needs of his state as well as the left’s strong calls to “resist” the Trump administration. As the concluded his comments to reporters Monday, Brown stated there “could be cause for alarm” or for “some optimism” as he said, “[n]othing’s all that predictable in the current administration. ” Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana ",0
16235,And the Winner Is….,"Email 
This exceptionally enervating election is almost over but its political and social implications will last into the future, even if, as expected, Donald Trump loses to Hillary Clinton. 
The conditions that created this shocking national event will continue regardless. “Trumpism,” if not the disgraceful Trump himself, will remain part of the Republican party — and, of course, he still has a slight chance of winning. Clinton, for her part, has some dangerous goals in the Middle East and toward Russia and China 
Both the successful uprising in the far right Republican party and the failed but nearly successful liberal uprising in the center-right Democratic party shocked the ruling establishments of both organizations. Who guessed the American people were so upset with the status quo? The government had mentioned nothing about it beforehand. The two parties had said and evidently knew nothing. The corporate mass media was silent. 
Those to the left of the Democratic party were surprised as well but they had long been publicly critical of the conditions that finally drove much of the predominantly white working class and sectors of the poor, middle class and millennials to demand a new deal from their respective two political associations. 
The biggest cause is a capitalist economic system that privileges the top 10% at the expense of the bottom 90%, particularly those in the lower 70%. A lesser but real factor is America’s continual warfare. Why else does the white working class behind Trump tolerate his call for peace with Russia as Clinton becomes ever more threatening to Moscow? Another cause is the extreme dislike of Clinton by Republicans that allows misogynist Trump to treat so outrageously the first woman presidential candidate of a major party. 
For 40 years the U.S. working class has increasingly experienced lower wages and benefits as well as fewer jobs at all due to the free trade and neoliberal policies of the ruling class and its business component. Hardest hit are workers without a college education or worst of all those who did not graduate from high school. This writer is old enough to remember when white students who left high school at 16 without a diploma were employed fairly quickly, and when they were fired got another job I also know young college graduates today (with large student debts) in low paying retail or other jobs no matter how energetically they seek more remunerative positions. 
White Anger 
Various studies indicate that the white working class is especially disturbed by the lack of jobs and better pay. An article titled “The Great White Nope” by Jefferson Cowie in the (November-December) issue of Foreign Affairs notes: 
“…. According to a recent analysis published by the Brookings Institution, poor Hispanics are almost a third more likely than their white counterparts to imagine a better future. And poor African Americans — who face far higher rates of incarceration and unemployment and who fall victim far more frequently to both violent crime and police brutality — are nearly three times as optimistic as poor whites. Carol Graham, the economist who oversaw the analysis, concluded that poor whites suffer less from direct material deprivation than from the intangible but profound problems of ‘unhappiness, stress, and lack of hope….’ 
“A stunning U-turn in the fortunes of poor and working-class whites began in the 1970s, as deindustrialization, automation, globalization, and the growth of the high-technology and service sectors transformed the U.S. economy. In the decades since, many blue-collar jobs have vanished, wages have stagnated for less educated Americans, wealth has accumulated at the top of the economic food chain, and social mobility has become vastly harder to achieve. 
“Technological and financial innovations have fostered economic and social vitality in urban centers on the coasts. But those changes have brought far fewer benefits to the formerly industrial South and Midwest. As economic decline has hollowed out civic life and the national political conversation has focused on other issues, many people in ‘flyover country’ have sought solace in opioids and methamphetamine; some have lashed out by embracing white nationalist rage. As whites come closer to becoming a plurality in the United States (or a “white minority,” in more paranoid terms), many have become receptive to nativist or bigoted appeals and thinly veiled promises to protect their endangered racial privilege: think of Trump’s promise to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexican border and his invocation of an unspecified bygone era when the United States was ‘great,’ which many white Trump supporters seem to understand as a reference to a time when they felt themselves to be more firmly at the center of civic and economic life.” 
Trump And Russia 
Trump has said he wants to create a better relationship between the U.S. and Russia, and that as president he would engage President Vladimir Putin about this matter. He has also remarked that there is no proof yet that that the Russian government is responsible for hacking a Democratic party computer and that of John Podesta, Clinton’s campaign chairman. Both included some embarrassing Emails from Clinton that were distributed by WikiLeaks, including the contents of her “secret” speeches to Wall Street and other venues. 
I agree with Trump on the matter of improving relations with Russia (although there is no telling what a Trump presidency would actually do — and a reversal is hardly impossible for such a an individual) and the lack of proof that the Russian government hacked the Emails. 
Anti-Russia Clinton 
The Clinton campaign has turned Trump’s comments on Russia into its main target. On Oct.20, the day after the third and last debate, the New York Times reported that if she wins the election “she will enter the White House with the most contentious relationship with Russia of any president in more than three decades, and with a visceral, personal animus toward Vladimir V. Putin, its leader…. In a reversal of political roles, Mrs. Clinton, the Democratic candidate, is the one portraying Mr. Putin as America’s newest archenemy…. 
“Much of the Democratic foreign policy establishment has become as hawkish as Mrs. Clinton on the subject of Russia, a view that seems almost certain to outlast the campaign. Privately, some of her longtime advisers are already thinking about what mix of sanctions, diplomatic isolation and international condemnation they might put together if they take office to deal with Mr. Putin and the fragile economic state he runs, an update of the ‘containment’ strategy that George F. Kennan formulated for President Harry S. Truman in 1947.” 
That strategy was the basis of the Cold War. Who wants a new Cold War — this time between two capitalist countries with massive arsenals of nuclear weapons? And we suspect that Clinton’s real goal is regime change in Moscow. 
In general Clinton is recognized as a war hawk. As secretary of state she argued with President Obama about taking greater military action against the government of Syria and conviced him to bomb and invade Libya. She plans to be tougher on both Russia and China. 
Regarding the allegations of Russian hacking, Nation contributing editor Stephen F. Cohen, a longtime Russia expert, said Oct. 18: “In fact no actual evidence for this allegation has been produced, only suppositions or, as Glenn Greenwald has argued, ‘unproven assertions.'” 
He noted that MIT expert, Professor Theodore Postol, has written that there is “no technical way that the U.S. intelligence community could know who did the hacking if it was done by sophisticated nation-state actors.” 
Cohen suggested, “the charges, leveled daily by the Clinton campaign as part of its ‘McCarthyite Kremlin-baiting’ of Donald Trump, are mostly political.” He also pointed out it is far from clear that the Kremlin actually favors Trump, despite Clinton’s campaign claims.” 
Trump’s Disgraceful Campaign 
Trump’s campaign has been the most disgraceful in U.S. history, replete with climate change denial, outrageous conspiracy theories, allegations against Muslims and Mexicans, frequent lies, outright racism, America-first nationalism, distrust of immigrants, false accusations of ballot rigging and extreme contempt toward his opponent, among other failings. It finally took a video of Trump bragging about his of sexual harassment of women to do him in. 
If Clinton wins, it will be an advance for the United States to finally elect a woman president. She remains a powerful part of the anti-liberal Democratic center right wing and a servant of Wall Street but has pledged to fight for some of the liberal policies advocated by her primary rival Sen. Bernie Sanders. She did so to defeat him, of course, and her efforts in this case will be superficial. 
A Clinton presidency will be haunted by the Republican party and by defeated Trump and his constituency of millions of fanatics who think “crooked Hillary” belongs in prison. 
Much depends on the composition of the post-election Congress. It’s doubtful the Democrats can win the House given the large number of gerrymandered GOP seats — a product of Republican control of so many state legislatures. . But there is a possibility Democrats will gain a majority in the Senate. This will make a difference in terms of the Supreme Court and other matters that do not require House approval. If both houses of Congress remain in the hands of the right wing very little can be done 
Assuming Trump is defeated, the temporarily displaced Republican leadership will largely return to power after making concessions to his devoted followers. After that it’s probably going to be total war against the Clinton government for the next four years, even worse than the GOP’s sabotage during the nearly eight years of gridlocked Obama’s leadership.",0
16236,Tupolev Tu-22M Bombers in Action over Syria,"Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. Name:",0
16237,"Brexit, Chelsea Manning: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. President Obama commuted most of the prison sentence of Chelsea Manning, the army intelligence analyst sentenced to 35 years in prison for giving a massive trove of secret documents to WikiLeaks. Ms. Manning, already jailed for nearly seven years, will be freed in May. That rescues Ms. Manning, who has tried to commit suicide twice in prison, from an uncertain future as a transgender woman in a male prison. A White House spokesman stressed the differences between Ms. Manning’s clemency application and the pardon application of Edward Snowden, the security contractor who disclosed archives of top secret surveillance files and is living in exile in Russia. _____ 2.   Donald J. Trump’s nominee for secretary of health and human services, Tom Price, is on Capitol Hill this week for his Senate confirmation hearing. He’ll face hard questions over his trades of medical stocks. If confirmed, he’ll lead the effort to overturn the Affordable Care Act. A new report from the Congressional Budget Office said the repeal would cost 18 million people their insurance in the first year. _____ 3. Nigerian fighter jets hunting for Boko Haram militants mistakenly bombed a refugee camp. The medical organization Doctors Without Borders said at least 52 people were killed and 200 injured. “This   attack on vulnerable people who have already fled from extreme violence is shocking and unacceptable,” said an official with the group. _____ 4. A sense of uncertainty is taking hold around the globe as the U. S. prepares for the inauguration of Mr. Trump on Friday. The predictably unpredictable   upset the leaders of China and various European nations with provocative comments in newly published interviews. The inauguration and related events could cost more than $200 million  —   possibly more than half of it for security. In Washington, which Mr. Trump calls “the swamp” and where 91 percent of voters went for Hillary Clinton, “  panic” is setting in. _____ 5. Britain’s leader backed a clean break from the European Union, its single market and its court system. In a   speech on “Brexit,” Prime Minister Theresa May said she wanted a “new and equal partnership” with European nations that would allow Britain to regain control of immigration. _____ 6. The Turkish authorities say the Uzbek man accused of killing 39 people at an Istanbul nightclub on New Year’s Day, above, confessed after being captured. The Islamic State had claimed responsibility for the attack. And the widow of Omar Mateen, who pledged allegiance to Islamic State as he killed 49 people at an Orlando nightclub last year, appeared in court. She is charged with aiding and abetting in the attack, and obstructing the investigation. _____ 7. Almost three years after Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared with 239 people on board, officials called off the search in the southern Indian Ocean, the largest and costliest search in aviation history. Relatives of those lost were distraught. “I can’t imagine living the rest of my life accepting that people just disappeared into thin air,” said a woman whose mother was on board. Above, debris was recovered on an island near Madagascar in 2015. _____ 8. We visited the Office of Presidential Correspondence, where a small army of employees and interns read the letters sent by millions of Americans to President Obama. There are tales of woe, joy, pleas for pardons or help with medical bills, a teenager’s report card  —   all sorts of writings. The team sifts through them, and hands Mr. Obama 10 to read each night. And in the last installment of our   series on Mr. Obama’s legacy, we took a look at how the presidency changed him. _____ 9. A small triangular pendant found during the excavation of a Nazi death camp has intrigued Anne Frank experts. It’s engraved with the words “good luck” in Hebrew. Researchers determined that it likely belonged to a    girl: Karoline Cohn, born in Frankfurt in 1929. It was almost identical to one owned by Anne, who was born there the same year. Now they’re trying to determine if the girls could have been friends, or even relatives. _____ 10. Finally, Americans tend to take less time off than their counterparts in industrialized countries. One survey found the average respondent took 12 vacation days when they had 15. (In Spain, they were 30 for 30.) “Guilt and worry” were common rationales. So here are some tips to make sure you take that break you earned: plan early, get organized, and remember what you’re owed. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s our last briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
16238,Betsy DeVos’s Hiring of For-Profit College Official Raises Impartiality Issues - The New York Times,"As chief compliance officer for a corporate owner of   colleges, Robert S. Eitel spent the past 18 months as a top lawyer for a company facing multiple government investigations, including one that ended with a settlement of more than $30 million over deceptive student lending. Today, Mr. Eitel  —   on an unpaid leave of absence  —   is working as a special assistant to the new secretary of education, Betsy DeVos, whose department is setting out to roll back regulations governing the   college sector. The Education Department says Mr. Eitel has conferred several times with its ethics officer to avoid conflicts. But it says he is not precluded from having a voice on general issues and regulations that affect the   college sector. Ethics experts said Mr. Eitel’s position, which has not been announced publicly, could nonetheless bump up against federal rules involving conflicts of interest and impartiality, particularly given his position as a vice president for regulatory legal services at Bridgepoint Education Inc. an operator of   colleges, during federal investigations into the company. “It raises considerable red flags, especially due to the fact that this company was under investigation,” said Scott H. Amey, general counsel at the Project on Government Oversight, a nonpartisan investigative group. Mr. Eitel, an Education Department lawyer under President George W. Bush, has been a stalwart critic of federal regulation of both   colleges and   education under the Obama administration. A department spokesman, who requested anonymity, said Mr. Eitel is part of a “beachhead” team, paid staff members who are temporarily helping to lead federal agencies as the Trump administration gets up and running but do not require Senate confirmation. The spokesman said Mr. Eitel would recuse himself from policy decisions or discussions related to Bridgepoint and another former employer, Career Education Corporation. While on unpaid leave from Bridgepoint, the spokesman said, Mr. Eitel has also volunteered to recuse himself from weighing in on the department’s “gainful employment” regulation, which is intended to hold career schools accountable for their job placement records and is particularly despised by the industry. The spokesman would not comment on the prospects for a   role for Mr. Eitel, who served as deputy general counsel from 2006 to 2009. Some jobs he could potentially be a candidate for, such as general counsel, would require Senate confirmation. Mr. Eitel did not respond to repeated requests for an interview, and Bridgepoint declined to comment on his work and status at the company, citing privacy concerns. Guidelines from the Office of Government Ethics bar federal employees from engaging in decisions directly affecting a company in which they have any financial interest. Even former employees without direct financial ties are subject to impartiality rules when they join the government. They are supposed to avoid doing anything that  —   in the eyes of a “reasonable person with knowledge of the relevant facts”  —   creates “the appearance that they are violating the law or the ethical standards set forth,” and are advised to bring any potential conflicts to the agency’s ethics officer. Other industry insiders have also been brought into the agency, including Taylor Hansen, a former lobbyist for the   sector’s trade association. “There’s no question that there’s a   revolving door between the Education Department and the industries that it regulates,” said Rohit Chopra, former assistant director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and a former special adviser to the secretary of education. “This is a bipartisan problem. ”   higher education has repeatedly been tarnished by scandal. But since the election in November, stocks in the sector have soared  —   Bridgepoint’s has climbed more than 40 percent  —   as President Trump’s White House has made clear that it is undertaking a campaign to slash government regulations. Ms. DeVos and other administration officials have indicated that they do not plan to continue President Barack Obama’s regulatory crackdown on   colleges. Last week, the Education Department extended the deadline for vocational schools to appeal the agency’s application of the   rule. That provision has been criticized by the industry as unfairly taking aim at colleges focused on helping the most disadvantaged students. While many graduates credit   for their training and better employment prospects, other students complain that deceptive marketing persuaded them to enroll and to take on staggering debt for programs that failed to deliver promised skills and jobs. Bridgepoint  —   a publicly traded company that operates Ashford University and University of the Rockies, enrolls roughly 50, 000 students, and primarily offers online degrees  —   has come under frequent scrutiny by federal and state watchdogs. The Justice Department, according to a Bridgepoint filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, is investigating whether the company violated Education Department limits that bar it from receiving more than 90 percent of its revenue in federal student aid. If a college is in violation for two years in a row, the Education Department can cut off further access to funds, the college’s lifeblood. In addition, the S. E. C. itself has been investigating Bridgepoint’s accounting practices. Attorneys general in California and Massachusetts are conducting separate investigations. And last month, Ashford received a final audit from the Education Department that said the company owed the agency $300, 000 as a result of the university’s miscalculation of federal student aid eligibility dating to 2006, an S. E. C. filing noted. The university has 45 days to appeal. In September, Bridgepoint reached a settlement with the federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to refund students $23. 5 million and pay an $8 million civil penalty to resolve an inquiry into whether students were deceived into taking out private student loans that cost more than advertised. Bridgepoint neither denied nor admitted the allegations. In 2014, before Mr. Eitel joined the company, Bridgepoint and Ashford agreed to pay $7. 25 million to settle charges by the Iowa attorney general that they had given students in that state incorrect information about the university’s program. Bridgepoint denied the allegations at the time. After leaving the Education Department in 2009, Mr. Eitel worked in private practice with Kent D. Talbert, who had been the agency’s general counsel. Mr. Eitel joined another   education company, Career Education Corporation, in 2013, several months before it reached a $10. 25 million settlement with the New York attorney general over charges that it had previously inflated graduates’ job placement rates. He was also executive director of that company’s political action committee. He moved to Bridgepoint in July 2015. Mr. Eitel has written articles for conservative organizations like the Pioneer Institute and the Hoover Institution accusing the department of exceeding its authority. He opposed federal testing and standards for   schools as a backdoor attempt at a national curriculum. Those views resonate on the right. In December, an article by Joy Pullman, managing editor of the conservative web magazine The Federalist, recommended that Ms. DeVos hire Mr. Eitel as part of a “  legal team. ”",0
16239,A Carefree Getaway Just Off the Persian Gulf - The New York Times,"As a ferocious,   blizzard pummeled our windows, ushering in yet another month of Moscow’s winter, we began a sudden, frantic search for a sunny refuge, someplace to both defrost on the beach and absorb a little culture over the course of four days. It had to be within a few hours’ flying time and free of the Islamic State or Al Qaeda. That is getting harder for Russian and European travelers. Places that used to provide short getaways  —   Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and Kenya  —   are plagued by either war or random extremist violence. And going to a relatively stable region like the Caribbean involves too much flying time for a quick trip. Ultimately we settled on a    choice: the slightly     Musandam Peninsula in the Sultanate of Oman. There has been a surge in tourism in recent years, in part because of its attractive, quiet shores and warm,   seas. Our springboard into the region would not be the beach, exactly: Our first stop after flying into the United Arab Emirates was the Emirate of Sharjah, an emerging center for contemporary art. Since we both had reported from the Arab world for years, the trip was partly tinged with nostalgia. Sharjah positions itself as the offbeat brother to the slick commercial art market next door in far richer Dubai. A third option is developing farther down the road in Abu Dhabi, where a cornucopia of   museum projects is finally coming to fruition. A branch of the Louvre should open within the coming year, to be followed by a national museum and then Guggenheim Abu Dhabi by 2020. Sultan   38, from a branch of the local ruling family, volunteered to be our guide for our visit. Sultan, who shot to Twitter stardom during the Arab uprisings for his manic coverage, runs his own foundation, the Barjeel Art Foundation, as well as a photography studio and a commercial art gallery in Dubai. He met us at Shababeek, a tasty Lebanese restaurant in   a cultural and business center downtown. He proved to be an energetic, enthusiastic and erudite guide, rather like his tweets. “It is a tale of this incredible shift in the cultural dynamics of the region,” Sultan told us over a lunch of Lebanese mezze. “Before, you had to go to traditional capitals of the Arab world to experience culture and art. ” That shift is even more pronounced since the Islamic State began leveling some of the region’s priceless antiquities. “The destruction of the culture pains all Middle Easterners, but it adds emphasis to our work, to share the culture that we have, to show the world that yes, there is destruction, but there is also creativity,” Sultan said. The Gulf region has come a long way from the days when public art consisted mainly of giant sculptures of traditional Arab coffee pots. (There are still plenty of those on major traffic circles.) Sharjah’s ruler, Sheikh Sultan bin Muhammad   planted the seed that transformed his emirate into a creative hub when he founded the Sharjah Biennial 13 of contemporary art in 1993. (Sultan’s branch of the family transliterates its name slightly differently.) The number of museums, galleries and cultural institutions has since blossomed with the emirate itself establishing more than a dozen, including a museum of Islamic civilization and a small heritage museum. The next biennial opens in March. Key places to see contemporary art include the Sharjah Art Foundation, the Sharjah Art Museum and the Maraya Art Centre. Visitors were sparse but enthusiastic on the day we toured. On the top floor of the airy Maraya center we ran into Manuel Rabaté, who will be the first director of the Louvre Abu Dhabi. “There is always something to do in Sharjah,” said Mr. Rabaté, out for a Saturday busman’s holiday with his wife and two small daughters. “You have to stop here this is a great place! I love it. ” One floor down, Sultan’s Barjeel Art Foundation was presenting “Home Ground,” an exposition of contemporary Middle Eastern art on the theme of displacement. Some of it was about the Palestinian diaspora. The   Australian artist Raafat Ishak’s work “Responses to an Immigration Request From One Hundred and   Governments” intersected poignantly with the refugee crisis. Mr. Ishak applied to immigrate to every country on earth at the time of the project, and the responses, or lack thereof, inspired the work. Sharjah’s crown jewel of contemporary art is the Sharjah Art Foundation, the brainchild of Sheikha Hoor   its president and the ruler’s daughter. It occupies the heart of old Sharjah, a small knot of early   buildings made of bricks hewed from coral, including a modest fort and a tiny mosque. In empty spaces the foundation constructed plain, square white buildings. The overall effect is negotiating a sunny labyrinth that opens periodically into expansive, cool spaces filled with art. From the foundation you can walk through what is left of the old Sharjah, including scattered cafes and a restored covered bazaar selling souvenirs. We stopped for an espresso at a cafe overlooking the harbor with its dhows, the Gulf’s traditional seafaring vessels. The end of the walk brought us to a series of artists’ studios and the Sharjah Art Museum. Its permanent collection is built around painting and sculpture by Gulf artists, some of it leaning toward the nostalgic. Many art spaces in Sharjah are designed in the Islamic architectural style that the emirate favors for official buildings. One delightful anomaly is the Flying Saucer, a funky,   spaceship opened in 1978 as a French patisserie. It has the air of an old Los Angeles   restaurant. Its exhibitions feature both local and foreign artists. As a young generation of   art professionals breaks unprecedented ground, they are gingerly balancing an Islamic society’s conservative values with freewheeling art. It is taboo to criticize political leaders or religion, or to show nudity, although we found discreet examples. Sharjah also bans alcohol according to Islamic tradition, which prompts many visitors to visit the bars of neighboring Dubai or Ajman before returning to Sharjah’s less expensive beach hotels to sleep. After spending the better part of a day exploring the museums, we headed toward Oman and the Musandam Peninsula, but not without one final reminder of the emirate’s Islamic ways. Our destination, the Six Senses Zighy Bay Resort, a   drive from Sharjah, lies just over the border in Oman. The hotel arranges a border pass for guests lacking an Omani visa. Just as we pulled into the Sharjah border post in downtown Dibba, the driver said casually, “They search your luggage for liquor and take away any they find. ” Three champagne splits in one suitcase were duly confiscated even though we were leaving the country. “This time we will let you go, but next time we will open a case against you,” growled the border guard. There are various versions of the story about how the Musandam Peninsula, which juts into the Straits of Hormuz like a rhino horn, ended up in Oman’s hands. Some say the British colonial rulers divided up the territory of the Emirates in the 1960s according to tribal loyalties, or in the case of Musandam, because Oman agreed to give the British access to this strategic location on the Strait of Hormuz. Musandam consists mostly of rocky,     crags that tumble abruptly down into white sandy beaches. There are few hotels  —   either way upscale or downscale with limited water access. We chose the Six Senses resort for its splendid isolation on its own cove, although the price caused some hesitation. The final stretch of gravel road to the beach goes from the drab to the dramatic, with a steep ascent filled with hairpin turns up one side of a   mountain. At the crest a breathtaking sea vista opened at our feet. The hotel’s 82 stone villas are nestled in a beachfront oasis of more than 1, 000 palm trees on the cove’s left end. To the right stands the old fishing village of Zighy, rebuilt by the hotel and the government to match the resort. Zighy means hot in the local dialect during the low season from June to September, the temperature can hit 130 degrees. At the hotel, we hopped on the bikes available at each villa and pedaled past the spa, the saltwater pool and the organic garden. A large freshwater pool, two restaurants and a bar constitute the heart of the resort. We found our villa extremely comfortable. It had beamed ceilings, plaster walls and large flagstone floors. It had two drawbacks, however. No screens meant we could not sleep with the windows open because of random mosquitoes, and it flooded badly in a rare rainstorm. But for our first night, it was clear. We opted for a romantic barbecue outdoors in our own little walled compound, lit by scattered candles. The resort offers distractions for the whole family, ranging from face painting to water sports to a grueling bike ride up the mountain. So first thing the next day, we went on a dhow snorkeling cruise. We launched from the local marina, which lies through the village of Zighy, population 300. (Hotel guests are discouraged from wandering through it, especially in bathing suits. Signs on the tracks leading to it read: “Please respect Zighy’s local traditions by covering up appropriately beyond this point. ”) After boarding, as we glided out of the cove across   waters, the captain, Humaid Abdulla   29, explained that the area was no longer the string of impoverished fishing villages as it had been when the hotel was built nine years ago. He was one of the first men hired from the initially hostile village. “It is a simple life, eating and sleeping and feeding their goats,” said Captain Shehi. “They have lived like this for hundreds of years. They don’t know anything about fighting or what is going on in the rest of the world. ” The day started sunny and bright, so we snorkeled around admiring the fish. On the way home the sky darkened and began pelting the sea with hailstones. It rains about nine days a year around Musandam, and we had the poor luck to be there for about a third of them. Oman has been comparatively quiet, but not entirely immune to the wave of political Islam sweeping the region. The government keeps strict  —   critics say harsh  —   control over mosque sermons and other religious practices. Greg Kocsis, then the resort manager, acknowledged that some guests asked how safe the resort is against attacks. The hotel has its own security, he said, including a substantial checkpoint monitoring who drives over the mountain, the lone access. We slept soundly after a day on the water. Early the next morning, walking along the deserted paths to the pool felt like being in an isolated Arab village. Goats bleated in the distance, while swallows and myna birds darted out of the palm trees. With its raked sand pathways it was rather better groomed than an ordinary village, however. It was not dolphin season, but we were determined to see them. We decided to visit the   fjords of Khasab, the peninsula’s port, three hours and two border crossings away by car. It is a bit of a long trek for a day’s outing, since Oman bars nonresidents from crossing the peninsula through the mountains. We set out at 6 a. m. The coastal road is dramatic, winding along the curves of the mountains. Khasab boasts a small, handsome   fort, built by the Portuguese to control the nearby Strait of Hormuz, where the Persian Gulf meets the Indian Ocean. We opted for a   dolphin cruise. Propped up on oriental cushions and carpets at the bow of the boat, we had a sweeping view of the harbor and realized that the most exotic sight around might not be the dolphins. Dozens of small, powerful motorboats were skimming across the harbor, driven by tanned,   men who our captain explained were Iranian smugglers. It is a   trip across the strait, one of the world’s major oil transit points. The men legally load between 150 and 200 motorboats daily with all manner of goods in Oman  —   cigarettes, small electronics and even an occasional car  —   then sneak across to Iran at night to avoid paying customs duty there. While our dhow motored out into the strait, we were treated to fresh fruit and cardamom coffee. As the boat gathered speed, the dolphins emerged, frolicking playfully all around the dhow. At one point we had a pair on each side  —   and their bubbling effervescence proved infectious. The captain steered into a khor (narrow fjord) where the dolphins vanished and we made several stops to swim and admire the stark cliffs. On the way back we anchored in a quiet inlet. The captain turned off the engine, allowing for a delicious snooze in the splendid serenity. We had found the warmth and utter peace we sought.",0
16240,Canadian Immigration Website Crashes As Millions Hear of Trump Victory,"  
It’s almost statistically impossible that you haven’t heard at least one person threaten to move to Canada if Donald Trump won the presidential election. Well, he did. And it appears that at least some of those would-be emigrants weren’t kidding. At around 11 pm Tuesday night – just as things really went to hell for Hillary Clinton – Canada’s immigration website began to receive record breaking traffic. It then crashed completely. 
In case you were wondering, moving to Canada can be quite difficult . It may even take years. To some degree it depends on what profession you’re in and how desired the work you do would be to the nation of Canada. Upon writing this the website still will not load reliably; but in the off chance it’s running properly by the time you read this I’ve included a link ( HERE ). 
The world’s stock markets have been sent into turmoil at the shocking news that reality tv star Donald Trump actually pulled off the win. But if you’re thinking of moving to Canada just because of the impending stock market Armageddon, don’t bother. It’s likely that the whole world will go into another recession if Trump really scraps the trade deals he’s promising to. Sort of like a Brexit on a much bigger scale. In fact, many are saying that the combined influence of the UK’s departure from the EU and ours from the majority of our trade relationships might spell a very wide-spread fiscal crisis. 
Trump, for one, tried to calm these fears in his victory speech. He said that he plans to deal with everyone “fairly.” But this is unlikely to work. The market ultimately responds cautiously to change and whether that change is going to be fair or not doesn’t really make much difference. Trump has promised to do away with the establishment. And that’s likely to scare economists. One can only hope that as our new president, he proceeds with the cautious tone he could not find during the campaign. Or we could just all move to Canada. 
Featured Image via Michael Reaves/Getty Share this Article!",0
16241,Troublemakers Spark Panic at Seville’s Good Friday Event,"MADRID (AFP)  —   Troublemakers sparked panic sparked at Seville’s nighttime Good Friday processions, famed for their religious floats, hooded penitents and crowds of spectators, seriously injuring one person, Spanish authorities said. [Emergency services said eight people were detained in connection with the incidents, from 04:00 local time (0200GMT) on Friday, which sent people running in panic and leaving children in tears along procession routes throughout the city .  One man was later released, though he could still face charges, authorities in the southern Spanish city said. In a statement, the Cecop centre that oversees security during the annual processions said those detained had “shouted” used metallic objects to make loud noise or made “wild gesticulations” to create panic in the   crowds. An AFP photographer present said she heard what sounded like a stampede of galloping animals, and then a mass of people pushed towards her. Standing on the Isabel II bridge that straddles Seville’s Guadalquivir River, she climbed onto a lamppost. “There were children, women with prams,” she said, adding that some people rushed down steps towards the river, falling over themselves in panic. “The first thing people think is that there is a terrorist attack. ” Spanish media reported that some of those later detained shouted “Allah is great” as well as slogans in favour of the Basque separatist group ETA. But Ricardo   the central government’s representative in Seville, said there was no link to extremism. “It’s got nothing to do with Islamist groups, ETA, or any known terrorist group,” he told reporters in comments broadcast on Spanish television. “They wanted to create the utmost panic with their shouting,” he added. An initial probe showed that there were three initial movements of panic, which sparked a “domino effect” in other parts of the city, Cecop said. “These are isolated cases without any apparent connection that are similar to cases of vandalism and hooliganism,” it said. The situation was later brought back under control and the processions continued. Cecop said three of those arrested were “common delinquents”. Some 17 people were taken to hospital for injuries and panic attacks, it said. One of them was in intensive care in a serious condition with a head injury. Organised by religious brotherhoods and featuring huge floats of wooden sculptures of religious scenes accompanied by hooded penitents, the processions known as “La Madruga” are the high point of Easter Week festivities in Seville. This morning’s early incident mirrors a similar outbreak of panic in 2000 in Seville’s Good Friday processions, which left 52 people injured. Good Friday is the second of four intensive days in the Christian calendar culminating in Easter Sunday, which commemorates Christ’s resurrection.",0
16242,A Lake Turned Pink in Australia. It’s Not the Only One. - The New York Times,"Over the past week, the internet has been getting excited over a   lake in the heart of Melbourne. And despite what science fiction nostalgia it may conjure up, this is not a scene from “Ghostbusters” or “The  . ” This is very much a real, natural phenomenon that occurs all over the planet. It’s what happens when the only thing living in a supersalty lake is a     microbe that makes pigments called carotenoids. “It’s the equivalent of having a desert, pink lake right in Central Park,” said Mark Norman, a conservation biologist for Parks Victoria, which manages the lake. “It’s quirky and fascinating, and I love it when natural systems do something that is so large scale that it just blows everybody away. ” The lake turned pink last week, and is expected to return to its normal color when the weather cools down and rains return for Australia’s winter, which starts in June. Dr. Norman said that when the weather gets warm and dry, this is an annual occurrence. As water evaporates from the saltwater lake, its salinity increases to eight or 10 times that of the ocean, creating an extreme habitat where few organisms can live. In Westgate Park’s lake, the only living thing is a   algae. When salt concentrations are incredibly high, it starts producing carotenoids, the pigments that give the lake its color. “The carotenoid also acts as a filter to protect their chlorophyll, almost like a pair of sunglasses that goes over the chlorophyll cells and aids in photosynthesis,” he said. Australia’s dry landscape provides other opportunities to see pink lakes fueled by this organism, like in   National Park or near Dimboola in Victoria and the Hutt Lagoon and Lake Hillier in Western Australia among others. In the rest of the world, pink or red lakes exist in Spain, Senegal, the Crimean Peninsula, Azerbaijan, Tanzania, Bolivia, Kenya, Mexico and other countries. In some cases, salts or the carotenoid pigments are harvested from the lakes and used for many purposes, including flavoring, melting ice or dyeing foods and pharmaceuticals. According to Dr. Norman, salt lakes turn pink only when the right combination of factors exists: high salinity and the right salt and organisms. The lake at Westgate Park most likely gets sodium chloride, or sea salt, underground from the nearby bay and estuarine river. Other lakes in Australia that have, for example, gypsum salt, don’t turn pink. Sediment, salinity and other organisms can also affect a lake’s pinkness. And a pink lake is different from pink water coming from a sink, like the stuff that spewed from some Canadian taps on Thursday. That was the result of a disinfectant called potassium permanganate that leaked into the system, not algae, salt or aliens. In other lakes where brine shrimp live alongside the   algae, the shrimp turn pink after eating the algae and its carotenoids, Dr. Norman said. The pigments stick to the shrimp’s fat and the color travels up the food chain. Such   brine shrimp are important to a flamingo’s diet  —   remove the carotenoids, and its feathers go white. The lakes that pink flamingos eat from may not appear as pink as the one in Melbourne because the algae aren’t the only things that live there. Spain’s Las Salinas de Torrevieja, is one of these lakes. On sunny days, the salt lake blushes  —   more rose than hot pink. It can host thousands of flamingos during breeding season as well as a few other plants and animals, including some orchids on occasion. And so is the Laguna Colorada, in Bolivia, which attracts Chilean flamingos, James’s flamingos and Andean flamingos, one of the rarest breeds in the world. In Eduardo Avaroa Andean Fauna National Reserve, which it is a part of, you can find pumas, foxes, llamas, reptiles and other animals. This shallow but large lake, high in the Andes Mountains, is blood red because of algae and sediments. Minerals or algae give other lakes in the reserve signature colors too, like the turquoise Laguna Verde. For the urban experience in Australia, the best way to see Westgate Park’s pink lake is to drive a car across the bridge, catch a taxi or walk  —   it’s only about two and a half miles from the city center. To see the pink water in all its glory, look from above, in the middle of the day. But to watch the pink water blend into pink skies, go at sunset. Just next door is a freshwater lake, which isn’t pink but can host more than 140 species of birds. Dr. Norman said the water is so salty that swimming wouldn’t be pleasant: Getting water in your eyes would be like squirting soy sauce into them, and when it dried, it would crystallize on your eyelids: “It’s better to look at it than to jump in it. ”",0
16243,"Thing that proves it’s a dream must happen soon, reckons everyone","Thing that proves it’s a dream must happen soon, reckons everyone 09-11-16 PEOPLE are hoping for a clear sign that they are in a dream such as being able to fly or copping off with a celebrity, they have revealed. The US election result has convinced many Britons they are dreaming but something even more bizarre and implausible will happen soon and make them wake up. Office worker Tom Logan said: “Trump’s the president apparently, so I expect some proper dream weirdness will happen soon, like being chased through Asda by a cyberman. “It’s an odd dream though because I’m at work and it’s all very detailed, almost like real life. Still, at least I’m not naked or I’ve got some stressful task to do that’s really illogical. “I’m sure any minute now I’ll be able to laugh at this whole Trump business when Holly Willoughby turns up and takes me for a sexy ride in her helicopter.” Accountant Donna Sheridan said: “This is a long dream but nothing totally incongruous has happened yet like taking my childhood dog to get his nails clipped by Coldplay’s Chris Martin. “Trump can’t have won the election though because that’s insane. Frankly I’ll feel better if it turns into a proper nightmare where I’m being made to re-sit my A-levels by a witch. “He hasn’t won, has he? Maybe I should wait a bit before going for a fly out of the window.” 
Share: ",0
16244,Theresa May Prepares to Stare Down Parliament in ‘Brexit’ Standoff - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   Against a backdrop of rising political acrimony, Theresa May, the British prime minister, warned critics on Sunday not to thwart her timetable for withdrawal from the European Union, as she prepared for a standoff with lawmakers that could prompt calls for an early general election here. Mrs. May, who wants to start the formal process of leaving the bloc by the end of March, now has a serious fight on her hands, after several months of facing relatively little challenge over her plans for British withdrawal, known as “Brexit. ” Judges on Britain’s High Court ruled last week that she could not start exit negotiations by invoking Article 50 of the European Union’s treaty without first consulting Parliament, where the government’s majority is slim. The government is appealing the case to the Supreme Court, but if it loses, and then finds itself constrained by lawmakers, the temptation to seek an early general election may become overwhelming for Mrs. May. For now, the government is playing down that prospect. Mrs. May insisted on Sunday that she had a mandate to pursue Britain’s exit without consulting Parliament. In a referendum in June, about 52 percent of voters elected to quit the bloc. “The British people, the majority of the British people, voted to leave the European Union,” Mrs. May said at Heathrow Airport as she left for a trade mission to India. “The government is now getting on with that. ” After the court ruling, however, Mrs. May now knows there is a good chance that she may not be able to do so with the free hand that she wants. So far she has specified almost no detail about her objectives, arguing that she wants to keep her negotiating position as strong as possible. At the heart of the dispute lies an ambiguity inherent in a referendum that asked voters to say whether they wanted to quit the European Union but that did not seek their views on what relationship should replace it. Supporters of Brexit contend that opponents now want to thwart the will of the people as expressed in the referendum. Critics fear that the government has no coherent Brexit strategy, and worry that the country may lurch into a damaging economic rupture with the bloc, which voters did not endorse. On Sunday, Gina Miller, the founder of an investment management firm who was the lead claimant in the legal case against the government, told the BBC that Mrs. May must take the decision to Parliament “because we do not live in a   dictatorship. ” Ms. Miller said she had faced online death and rape threats over the case. Nigel Farage, the interim leader of the U. K. Independence Party, which campaigned for British withdrawal, warned of protests in the streets if the decision in favor of Brexit was ignored. “Believe you me, if the people in this country think they’re going to be cheated, they’re going to be betrayed, then we will see political anger the likes of which none of us in our lifetimes have ever witnessed in this country,” he said. The court ruling has unleashed an ugly political discourse, with one tabloid newspaper that supported Brexit describing the judges who delivered the verdict as “Enemies of the People. ” While the government has said it defends the independence of the judiciary, it has not rushed to condemn the newspaper coverage, prompting criticism from some senior legal figures. More worrisome for Mrs. May is the parliamentary math should she be forced to take her case for British withdrawal to lawmakers. Last week, David Davis, the secretary of state for exiting the European Union, conceded that if the appeal to the Supreme Court failed, the government would probably have to put forward legislation to trigger Article 50. That could give opponents the possibility to amend it, and tie down its negotiating stance. In an interview with The Sunday Mirror, the leader of the opposition Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn, said he would push for Mrs. May to adopt his “Brexit bottom lines. ” “We are not challenging the referendum,” he said. “We are not calling for a second referendum. We’re calling for market access for British industry to Europe. ” The party’s deputy leader, Tom Watson, took a more lenient position. He told the BBC that Labour was “not going to hold this up,” and that “Article 50 will be triggered when it comes to Westminster. ” Asked about the possibility of a general election, the health secretary, Jeremy Hunt, told the BBC on Sunday that it was “the last thing the government wants”  —   a formulation that does not specifically exclude it happening.",0
16245,The FBI’s War Against Hillary Clinton Will Likely Lead To An Indictment,"Though many expected WikiLeaks or a similar group to make the final weeks of the US presidential campaign hell for Hillary, few expected the FBI to take center stage in the movement against Hillary... ",0
16246,"Путин: Не думаю, что агрессивность - мой стиль","0 комментариев 18 поделились 
""Уважаемый модератор (сессии) пожелал мне благополучно выйти на пенсию, я тоже себе этого желаю. Когда время придет, это (будет) очень правильно, нужно сделать. Пока я еще не на пенсии, действующий руководитель большой державы, я должен быть сдержанным, не проявлять в своих выражениях излишнюю агрессивность. Я, собственно говоря, и не думаю, что это мой стиль"", — сказал Путин на итоговой пленарной сессии ежегодного заседания Международного дискуссионного клуба ""Валдай"". 
Президент также отметил, что хотя все атрибуты демократии в современных ведущих государствах налицо, реально у большинства граждан нет влияния на власть. 
""Выборы перестают быть инструментом перемен, а сводятся к скандалам, к обсуждению компроматов, простите меня, к обсуждению того, кто кого за что ущипнул, кто с кем спит. Но это просто переходит всякие границы. Да и, честно говоря, если посмотреть на программы кандидатов, то такое впечатление, что они скроены по одним и тем же лекалам"", — отметил российский лидер. 
""Граждане чувствуют, что их интересы и представление элит о единственно правильном курсе, который эти элиты выбирают, все чаще и больше расходятся между собой. Как следствие, референдумы, выборы, все чаще и больше преподносят сюрпризы для власти. Люди голосуют совсем не так, как им советовали официальные респектабельные СМИ, не так это рекомендуют так называемые ""системные партии"". А общественные движения, которые еще совсем недавно считались слишком левыми или слишком правыми, выходят на авансцену, оттесняя политических тяжеловесов"", — цитирую Владимира Путина РИА Новости. 
Он отметил, что сперва такие неудобные результаты пытались объявить некой аномалией. А когда они стали повторяться, ""заговорили о том, что общество не понимает тех, кто находится на Олимпе власти, не доросло до того, чтобы оценить устремления властных структур, заботу о народном благе, а то и вовсе доходит до истерики, мол, это следствие зарубежной, как правило, российской пропаганды"". 
Говоря об актуальных проблемах современности, глава государства отметил, что правила в мировой политике и экономике постоянно меняются. 
""Противоречия, связанные с перераспределением экономической мощи и политического влияния, только нарастают. Груз взаимного недоверия сужает наши возможности эффективно отвечать на стоящие перед мировым сообществом реальные вызовы и реальные угрозы. По сути, в кризисе оказался сам проект глобализации, а в Европе говорят уже, мы это хорошо знаем и слышим, о несостоятельности мультикультурализма"", — отметил Владимир Путин. 
""Считаю, что такая ситуация — во многом следствие ошибочного, поспешного, а в чем-то и самоуверенного выбора, сделанного элитами некоторых государств четверть века назад. Тогда… был шанс не просто ускорить процессы глобализации, а принять при этом качественно иной, гармоничный, устойчивый характер"", — подчеркнул президент. 
Владимир Путин также отметил, что санкции используются сейчас для политического давления, при этом создаются закрытые торговые альянсы в обход ВТО. Поделиться:",0
16247,"Peaceful, sincerely, with grace: Paris attacks commemorated with floating lanterns","  ‘I   today.’   ‘I wrote in Arabic –‘The republic will never be down’.   
COURTESY: RT’s RUPTLY video agency, NO RE-UPLOAD, NO REUSE – FOR LICENSING, PLEASE, CONTACT http://ruptly.tv 
RT LIVE http://rt.com/on-air 
Subscribe to RT! http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=RussiaToday 
Like   
  Share the joy",0
16248,"Da Silvano, a Celebrity Favorite in Greenwich Village, Closes After 41 Years - The New York Times","Done in by high rent, Silvano Marchetto closed his   restaurant, Da Silvano in Greenwich Village, on Tuesday night. It was a decision, he said, he had made just two days before. “It went up to $42, 500 a month, a fortune,” he said. “I couldn’t handle it any more. ” When it opened in 1975, Da Silvano was at the forefront of honest Northern Italian cooking, often Tuscan, at a time Italian food in New York City frequently meant spaghetti and meatballs, washed down with a rough Chianti from a   bottle. In her   New York Times review in 1977, Mimi Sheraton praised the chicken liver crostini, panzanella salad, spaghetti puttanesca and osso buco, dishes that remained on Da Silvano’s menu until its final day. The restaurant kept its two stars until 2006, when Frank Bruni took it down to one. “Going to Da Silvano was almost like walking into a trattoria in Florence,” said Mauro Maccioni, an owner of Le Cirque, which his father, Sirio Maccioni, founded in 1974. “He served tripe and things like that you didn’t see everywhere. ” Not long after it opened, Da Silvano began to draw attention from celebrities, attracting art dealers and their clients from the growing gallery scene in nearby SoHo as well as boldface names and movie stars. The restaurant maintained its standing with a   clientele, including recently Madonna, Tom Hanks, Barry Diller and Anna Wintour. Tourists were always there to fill any empty tables. When Pino Luongo, the   chef and owner of Morso on East 59th Street, was searching for a job in an Italian restaurant in 1980, Da Silvano was the only place that interested him. “I looked at menus from the East 50s to downtown, and never went into the restaurants because I didn’t recognize the food until I came to Da Silvano,” he said. He became a manager at Da Silvano, where he stayed for two years before going on to open Il Cantinori. “Everybody is sad it’s been 41 years and 51 days exactly since I opened, but I don’t care,” Mr. Marchetto said in his     English, as identifiable as the   scarf draped around his neck. His daughter, Leyla Marchetto, one of the owners of Navy Beach, a seasonal hot spot in Montauk, N. Y. said, “It’s been hard for him. ” Mr. Marchetto, who turned 70 a month ago, is a native of Trento, north of Venice. He came to New York at 20, as a tourist. Having trained as a chef, he eventually got a job in the kitchen of a Greenwich Village steakhouse that is now defunct, and, after a number of years, he opened Da Silvano at his boss’s suggestion. He was able to expand the restaurant by acquiring adjacent storefronts and using an expansive stretch of sidewalk for tables. A   feud with his former partner, Giovanni Tognozzi, who owns Bar Pitti next door, has been much publicized, as have a few other sensational events involving the restaurant over the years. Mr. Marchetto said he had received five or six offers for restaurant projects, none of which interested him. The worst part of running a restaurant, he said, was not being able to take a break. Now, he said he plans to “go sit in the sun, maybe Florida. ”",0
16249,"For Brazil’s Zika Families, a Life of Struggle and Scares - The New York Times","ESCADA, Brazil  —   Not a soul was in sight on the narrow dusty street, except for a cat skittering under a   moon. It was 2:30 a. m. and in a small pink house up 29 steps carved jaggedly into a red clay embankment, Vera Lúcia da Silva was readying her baby for a journey to the city of Recife, two and a half hours away. Cradling Sophia Valentina, she walked through the   town, then climbed into a government van for the jostling ride, arriving just after sunrise. They make the arduous trip several times a week. It is the only way to get the treatment and therapy Sophia needs for an ominous array of problems caused by the Zika virus. Now more than a year old, Sophia is a child of the Zika epidemic, one of nearly 2, 500 babies in Brazil born to infected mothers, with brain damage so profound the consequences are only beginning to be understood. Thirteen months after the World Health Organization declared Zika a global health emergency, some of the public alarm over the   virus that swept through Latin America is receding. In November, the W. H. O. lifted its emergency designation, but Zika has hardly disappeared. Thousands of new Zika infections continue to be reported throughout Latin America, and W. H. O. officials said that their action simply signals that, like malaria or yellow fever, Zika is a continuing threat in the region rather than an urgent pandemic. For families of Zika babies, however, the disastrous effects are only deepening. That is especially true in the impoverished cities and villages of northeastern Brazil, where the connection between the mysterious virus and infants born with tiny misshapen heads was first detected and where hundreds of families are struggling to give these babies the best lives possible. Family relationships have been upended, precarious livelihoods shattered. Some parents have had to leave jobs to devote themselves to their child’s care. High rates of teenage pregnancy in Brazil add another layer of hardship, as adolescents with braces on their teeth and homework to finish find themselves the mothers of afflicted infants. And doctors and researchers are just starting to grasp the medical consequences of Zika. Besides the alarmingly small heads characteristic of microcephaly, many babies have a long list of varied symptoms, leading experts to rename their condition “congenital Zika syndrome. ” They can have seizures, breathing problems, trouble swallowing, weakness and stiffness in muscles and joints preventing them from even lifting their heads, clubbed feet, vision and hearing problems, and ferocious irritability. Some have passed their first birthdays, but have neurological development closer to that of    infants, doctors say. Some microcephaly cases appear so dire that experts liken them to a previously rare variant called “fetal brain disruption sequence. ” And new issues keep cropping up, including hydrocephalus, excess fluid in the brain. Now, new waves of impaired children, who appeared normal at birth, are being identified. For some, microcephaly and other symptoms are emerging months later, as their brains, with malformations or debilitated or destroyed cells, fail to develop enough to match their physical growth. Experts predict there will be more children who still seem unaffected, but whose problems will surface in toddlerhood or their school years. Doctors don’t yet know the extent of the disease, said Dr. Vanessa Van der Linden, a neuropediatrician in Recife who helped discover the link between Zika and microcephaly. “We only know what’s easy to see. ” Dr. Van der Linden is one of scores of devoted doctors and therapists helping families at public and nonprofit hospitals and clinics. Brazil’s government is drawing on its overstretched resources, including providing modest disability payments to poor families. Many families are on waiting lists for services. Therapy programs sometimes drop children because their development is too stunted for therapy to help any further. For older babies who still cannot make eye contact or interact, Dr. Van der Linden said, “if you did physical therapy every day, it doesn’t mean they will be better. ” For Zika families, the difficulties are only beginning. The children are still small enough to be held, fed and carried. But ultimately, many may be unable to walk, attend regular schools, or live on their own as adults. “These babies, most of them or all of them, they’re going to live very long lives, you can keep them alive a long time, and they will need assistance from someone 24 hours a day,” said Dr. Ernesto Marques, an infectious disease expert at the University of Pittsburgh and the Oswaldo Cruz Foundation in Recife. “The consequences to the society are huge. ” These are the stories of three families: a couple persevering with ingenuity and grit despite their baby’s frequent medical setbacks a girl who became a Zika mother at 14, forcing her to mature well beyond her years newlyweds whose relationship could not withstand the pressures of caring for their disabled baby. “Grave risk of aspiration,” read the piece of paper near the bed where Ms. da Silva was wrapping Sophia in a pink hooded fleece for their     walk to the van. A doctor had explained what that medical report meant. “She is going to choke,” Ms. da Silva said, twisting her fingers anxiously. “Food is going to go to her lungs. ” Sophia had serious dysphagia, swallowing problems afflicting older Zika babies whose brains cannot coordinate skills for eating. Doctors advised adding thickener to her formula, but if unsuccessful, she would need a feeding tube threaded through her nose. A previous feeding tube had caused Sophia to vomit black blood. “I am asking God that she will not have to use the feeding tube,” Ms. da Silva, 32, implored, as outside, roosters crowed in the darkness and dogs barked like town criers. Her husband, Ronaldo, 34, tried to reassure her. “God,” he said, “would never give us 100 kilos if we could only carry 50 kilos. ” But the weight keeps piling on. After another    van ride to Recife and hours of waiting on hard plastic chairs, Sophia, in a ruffled top with pink hearts and “Love” spelled in rhinestones, was placed on an elevated mat at the Altino Ventura Foundation clinic. Five therapists examined her. One shook a yellow rattle by her ear. Another removed Sophia’s tiny lavender eyeglasses, waved a shiny silver pompom and flickered a flashlight, but her eyes seemed barely able to follow the stimuli. “Sophia is a child with very compromised visual, auditory and motor skills,” concluded Kyrla Melo, a physical therapist. “She has no head control, she does not roll over, she does not sit. ” Already, another clinic had discharged Sophia from its physical therapy group. “The doctor said Sophia was not developing,” Ms. da Silva said. “Children who are not developing are getting dropped from the therapies. ” She was upset. “I think it is very wrong. Their duty was to work so our babies would develop. ” Sophia’s parents provide any support they can. They fashioned homemade versions of the physical therapy equipment clinics use: They made rattles of Coke bottles filled with beans they placed colorful plastic balls in a tiny inflatable pool they stuffed a pair of Mr. da Silva’s jeans with plastic foam, to prop Sophia into a sitting position. A doctor told them bright colors might stimulate Sophia’s vision, so they painted their gray door and shutters pumpkin orange, changed curtains and sofa covers to cherry red, and draped sunny yellow fabric in the kitchen. Resourcefulness is second nature to them. Before they married, Mr. da Silva, who works painting oil refinery pipes, spent a year of evenings   and leveling a plot atop a cliff strewn with scraggly plants, preparing ground for their house, with its corrugated red tile roof and laundry lines spangling the sides. The cliff borders one side of a narrow cobblestone street. On the other side, houses are at or below ground level, with barred windows to deter thieves and drug dealers. After their first child, Richarlisson, was born, Ms. da Silva, a former teacher, tried five years for another pregnancy, losing one to miscarriage. At three months pregnant with Sophia, near a neighbor’s well, a mosquito bit her arm. She developed diarrhea and a rash on her arm, belly and face. A doctor said it could be chikungunya, a   illness that seldom has lasting effects and is not transmitted to a fetus. Zika, carried by the same mosquito, was barely known in Brazil then. Things seemed fine until a   ultrasound. “Your daughter has microcephaly,” a doctor told Ms. da Silva. “A smaller head, and the child’s brain has not developed. ” Ms. da Silva despaired. Still, two weeks later, when a doctor said, “If you don’t want a child with microcephaly, you are not obligated to have it,” she rejected abortion. “No, even if she has microcephaly, I am going to love her the way she comes,” she said. At birth, Sophia’s left leg hooked across her body and a doctor announced, “Sophia Valentina is not going to walk. ” Ms. da Silva got angry. “You think you know more than God, huh?” she chastised the doctor. “My daughter is not even 24 hours old. ” Using baths to relax the leg and gently manipulating it in a cloth diaper sling, Ms. da Silva and her sister coaxed it into normal position. Another doctor said Sophia’s hands were “not going to hold anything” the da Silvas trained her fingers to grasp lollipops and shake rattles. When neighbors gossiped, one saying Sophia had “a deformed head and a crippled leg,” Mr. da Silva talked his wife out of confronting them. Some people are kind, he said, like his boss, who kept him on when difficulties forced the company to lay off all but seven of 300 employees. Still, Ms. da Silva spent five months arguing with city officials who kept denying her government van rides to Recife. She called one employee “Satan,” and finally landed a seat after threatening to alert a newspaper and embarrass the mayor in an election year. But whenever Sophia’s doctors schedule new appointments, Ms. da Silva must walk 40 minutes to reserve a van seat in person with the health department during certain hours. They sometimes miss previously scheduled appointments to reserve a van for another appointment. One morning, Sophia stopped moving. She was breathing, her eyes were open, but her body seemed frozen. Ms. da Silva wept, “afraid of losing my little doll. ” Sophia was weak and undernourished because she had not adapted to the nasal feeding tube inserted two weeks earlier. Doctors said she would need a new tube every 15 days. The next month, November, Sophia was hospitalized for 10 days for pneumonia. In December, a shunt was inserted in her brain, which had filled with excess fluid, causing 32 seizures in one day. January brought another hospitalization for pneumonia. Sophia, now 14 months old, is on a waiting list for an abdominal feeding tube. “My daughter is a warrior,” Mr. da Silva said. On the red sofa behind the orange shutters, Ms. da Silva gazed in anguished wonder at her baby girl. “Sophia Valentina,” she murmured. “She is going to surprise me. ” Alícia Isabela do Nascimento Martins was born two months premature, delivered by emergency cesarean section. She was hospitalized for 70 days, until her lungs could breathe on their own, her heart could beat steadily, and her body no longer needed a feeding tube. But doctors could not fix the brain damage she suffered when her mother was infected with Zika during pregnancy. Alícia, now nearly 18 months old, has microcephaly, rigid muscles, seizures, and problems with vision, breathing and swallowing. Raising such a baby would challenge anyone, but Alícia’s mother, Íris Adriane do Nascimento Santos, is practically a child herself. She gave birth at 14. Nearly 450 teenagers have given birth to babies with microcephaly in Brazil’s epidemic, Health Ministry officials said. Some juggle school with caring for these infants. Some rely on their parents. “I never imagined that situation,” Íris said, braces on her teeth glinting as she struggled to quiet Alícia with one of her only successful methods, repeatedly playing a musical cartoon on her cellphone. “This feeling, this reality,” she said, voice strained. “It was devastating. ” Her pregnancy so young angered her mother, who nonetheless rushed Íris to the hospital at seven months, rather than let her lose the baby. From the beginning, Íris endured scare after scare. Once, Alícia’s heart stopped “in front of me,” she said. She cried because Alícia had “such a little head,” but doctors waited a month to tell her Alícia had microcephaly and brain calcifications, confirmed by a brain scan. When Alícia was finally discharged from the hospital, Íris sank into a deep depression, enveloped, she said, by “a feeling of rejection” toward her baby. “I did not have that ‘daughter love. ’” They moved in with Alícia’s father, Túlio Martins de Cristo, 20, in the house where his mother lived. He and his mother fed, diapered and did almost everything for Alícia. “Íris would sleep,” said her mother, Enilsa José do Nascimento, 45, a nurse technician. “And her baby would be next to her bed, crying, screaming. ” Íris didn’t even go to the hospital when, twice, Alícia stopped breathing from apnea. Íris was “unlit to life,” her mother said. Without her boyfriend and his mother, “I think her baby would have died. ” Her mother brought Íris salads and juices, urging her to eat. “You have a baby that depends on you,” she said. “Look, she is not ugly, your baby is so pretty. ” Finally, her boyfriend’s mother urged Íris to attend a meeting of the Union of Mothers of Angels (U. M. A.) a group of around 350 Zika mothers. “There were mothers in the same situation as me and even others in worse situations,” Íris marveled. Suddenly, Íris was overcome with urgency to improve Alícia’s chances. “Jeez, get up, Íris!” she told herself. “My God, I am losing time!” She told her mother: “I have to make my daughter walk. If she cannot walk, she is going to be able to see. ” Everything changed. Through rigorous exams, she had qualified for a competitive school, but she switched to a night school. She now takes Alícia to at least two therapy and doctors’ appointments daily, usually in Recife, two hours and at least two bus rides from her hometown, Paulista. She moved in with her mother and    sister, who watch Alícia while Íris attends classes from 7 p. m. to 10 p. m. Afterward, she does homework, then rises when Alícia wakes, often at 4 a. m. On Alícia’s first birthday, Íris had planned visits to three clinics for vision, touch and physical therapy. They also visited Dr. Cristiane Marcela Santos, an ear, nose and throat specialist at Agamenon Magalhães Hospital. “Fifteen?” Dr. Santos exclaimed, stunned that Íris was so knowledgeable. “You are 15 years old?” Everywhere, Íris said, “I ask a lot of questions. ” In pink shorts and lavender top, Alícia’s body resembled a   ’s, but her head was 36 centimeters in circumference, well below normal. Her good hearing and diminished irritability are positive developments, but other symptoms include tight muscles. To keep her hands unclenched, her fingers were splayed open with bright pink tape, which is sometimes also applied to relax her back and chin. Dr. Santos asked about Alícia’s early brain scans. “Calcification in almost all of her brain,” Íris replied. “Has she ever gotten so suffocated that she turned purple and you had to tap her back?” “It happens a lot,” Íris said. “Very serious,” Dr. Santos said. As a mother, Íris seemed “very secure and mature,” Dr. Santos said. “Life made her like this. They stop their own lives so they can live their children’s lives. ” Now just past her 16th birthday, Íris has no time for angst. “I changed my life for Alícia,” she said. “It was me for her and her for me. ” Benches were filling with Zika mothers outside the Association for the Assistance of Disabled Children in Recife when Jaqueline Vieira arrived, cradling her son Daniel, his head too small for his   body, his fingers folded into fists. Blue eyeglasses were strapped to his head, and blue braces decorated with pictures of Mickey Mouse were strapped to his legs. The braces were supposed to be worn all day to fix his   “ballerina feet,” Ms. Vieira knew. But the metal scratched her and made cuddling Daniel uncomfortable, so she mostly put them on for public outings. It was the kind of balancing act she’d become used to. Raising Zika babies is hard enough for families with stable marriages and incomes. But Zika has ripped some marriages apart and torn economic safety nets. Since Daniel’s birth 16 months ago, Ms. Vieira has separated from her husband, lost monthly government assistance, relinquished a job and now patches together a livelihood with other government help. On the bench that Monday, Ms. Vieira barely registered that it was her 26th birthday. Over the weekend in Olinda, their hometown up the coast from Recife, Daniel had convulsed in seizures for three hours straight, his lips purple. Ms. Vieira feared he would stop breathing, but couldn’t get to a hospital with doctors on duty from her downtrodden neighborhood at that late hour, when rats scurry on the rutted roads but no buses were running. She and the other mothers compared notes. One said she briefly couldn’t find her baby that morning, then noticed he’d rolled off the bed. “That’s good,” another said. “He moved. I wish I had a baby like that. ” Suddenly, a van appeared, transporting them to a beauty parlor for pampering paid for by a local singer. At the Velvet Salon, the air was gauzy with   mist. Mothers rested their babies on   settees. Ms. Vieira left Daniel with a cousin because being inside too long agitated him. She chose a   manicure: “She Said Yes” as a base coat, “Kitty White” on top. A hairstylist turned her unruly dark curls straight and shiny. Gazing into a mirror, she snapped a selfie. “Look at me!” she crowed. The respite was  . That afternoon, Daniel’s medicine ran out and Ms. Vieira had no money for more. Daniel’s very conception defied the odds. Ms. Vieira developed uterine cancer when her other child was a toddler. She had resisted doctors’ advice to have her uterus removed, even though they said her chances of having another child were slim. While undergoing chemotherapy, she began dating Dalton Douglas de Oliveira, five years her junior, who attended her evangelical church. They rushed marriage so their church wouldn’t learn of their premarital sex. A month after the wedding, she learned she was three months pregnant. “It was the biggest joy of my life,” she said. Her husband was excited, too. “We wanted to have our child,” he said. Still, “the belly condemned us,” he said, causing stress because what had clearly been a   conception prompted the church to bar them from communion for months. Five months into pregnancy, Ms. Vieira became distraught when a doctor said that an ultrasound showed hydrocephalus, a   brain, and that the baby might die, she recalled. But at seven months, another doctor disagreed, saying, “Look, your son is special, he has a small problem, but what he has is microcephaly,” Ms. Vieira said. “It was good news. ” Her relief evaporated after Daniel’s birth. “I thought it was God’s punishment because I got pregnant even though I was not supposed to,” she said. Caring for a sick child strained the couple’s relationship. Daniel cried so inconsolably that “I thought my life would end,” Ms. Vieira said. Mr. de Oliveira said his wife would not ask him for help and admitted he was too angry at her to offer. “My problem was direct with her and not with the baby,” he said. At two months, Daniel awoke laboring for breath. At the hospital, Ms. Vieira recalled, doctors suspected mold or dust at home was aggravating his lungs, and recommended improving their home’s air quality or moving. Mr. de Oliveira thought his wife, long embarrassed by their     home, was exaggerating. She found another house he declined to move. Things exploded after that. Ms. Vieira gave television interviews claiming her husband “would not give attention to the boy,” she said, adding that the publicity prompted donations from abroad. He retaliated, posting a video insulting her. She began dating and told him, “You are not going to see your son,” he said. After technical disputes about child support, he stopped paying. And when he ignored her on the street, she told people he was really shunning Daniel’s illness. Ms. Vieira, a former supermarket bakery worker receiving government assistance for cancer, struggled to afford Daniel’s seizure medicine, Sabril, about 300 reais ($97) a month. To help, a group of police officers began buying it, and she and other mothers sometimes shared pills. But Daniel’s seizures worsened, seemingly weakening his ability to support his head. She made a cellphone video documenting one episode. “Do you see his little shoes shaking?” she asked. Ms. Vieira started giving Daniel more Sabril  —   three   daily instead of the prescribed two. After his   seizure crisis, she gave him four. Then she ran out. “I had this crazy feeling,” she said. “He had to take the medication, no matter how. ” She called the police officers, but they couldn’t gather enough money. She texted 319 U. M. A. members on WhatsApp. Hours passed. Nobody had extra Sabril. Desperate, she called her estranged husband at his plaster business, demanding the unpaid child support. “If I had it, I would have given it to you,” he said. Borrowing his mother’s credit card, he visited five pharmacies before finding Sabril. Ms. Vieira, in a turquoise U. M. A.   that said “Microcephaly, it’s not the end,” made him pass the medicine through the window bars of her mint green,   house. Soon after, the government stopped Ms. Vieira’s cancer assistance, concluding that she could work. But she felt unable to handle a job, and now collects unemployment and will apply for government Zika benefits. Mr. de Oliveira, 21, resumed paying child support, and increased the amount. Ms. Vieira now allows him to see Daniel. “I still pray to God so that he can be a healthy and perfect child,” he said. “I keep asking, keep asking, keep asking. ” The afternoon after the medication crisis, Ms. Vieira, sifting among pregnancy ultrasounds showing Daniel’s underdeveloped head, found a photo of him smiling. “I love this smile,” she said. Because of Daniel, “I am a better human being,” she said, adding that “if I had had a normal baby, I would not have given as much attention. ” She worries about being inattentive to her    João Pedro. Even while walking him home from school, she carries Daniel, shielding him from sun with a turquoise umbrella. One day, João Pedro playfully covered Daniel’s face with his hand, chanting, “Are you smiling?” When Daniel didn’t respond, João Pedro scampered to a rusty playground, near weathered horses nibbling meager grass. Later, when his neurologist, Dr. Maria Durce Costa Gomes Carvalho, squeezed Daniel into her packed schedule, his rare smile was still absent. He cried and cried. “Look at this tantrum, Daniel, oh my God!” Dr. Gomes exclaimed. “He did not used to be like this,” Ms. Vieira said. Dr. Gomes asked if Daniel looked at things. “Not a lot,” Ms. Vieira said. “Even with glasses?” “No. ” Daniel’s medication was adjusted, reducing his seizures. Dr. Gomes couldn’t predict if he would walk or talk. “What matters  —   right, Jaqueline?  —   is their every achievement. ” Ms. Vieira sighed. “I cannot wait,” she said, “until he falls out of bed. ” Fluffy clouds fluttered over Maria Farinha Beach one Sunday morning and vendors traipsed through the coconut palms selling quail eggs. The   sand was soft, and Ms. Vieira brushed Daniel’s hand through it, trying to awaken his sense of touch, supporting his stiff torso while his head slumped forward. Just days after the salon outing, her hair had reverted to springy curls. She looked tired. She took Daniel to the water, filled with romping children. She dipped him in the ocean, jumped him over a wave, swung him high, and dipped him again.",0
16250,Fake News: WaPo’s Erik Wemple Vindicates Breitbart After Publishing Unverified Claim - Breitbart,"Washington Post writer Erik Wemple has updated his fake news story to indicate that Breitbart News was not the source of a false food stamps fraud report made   by Fox and Friends   Abby Huntsman. [“Breitbart notes correctly that its recent story on food stamps didn’t address fraud,” reads an updated version of Wemple’s Post article.  You’ll recall, Huntsman corrected an earlier report in which she said that “$70 million were wasted on food stamp fraud. ” Huntsman’s   correction was purportedly demanded by a USDA spokesperson, who had implied that Breitbart News was the source for the fake food stamps fraud figure. “We are not quite sure where this came from,” the USDA spokesperson said, according to Wemple. “We saw that there was as story on Breitbart. ” Sure, there was a food stamps story on Breitbart News about the growth in overall food stamp use during President Barack Obama’s two terms. But that article never mentioned fraud in the food stamps program. Wemple failed to make that fact clear. Wemple’s correction came only after several   journalists took to Twitter to smear Breitbart News for peddling “sham journalism. ” After publishing his   article, which included an unconfirmed rumor from a government agency to attack Breitbart, Wemple tweeted the article to his 22, 000 Twitter followers. Fox News runs incorrect correction of food stamp story, then corrects correction: https:  .   —   ErikWemple (@ErikWemple) December 30, 2016,  “Updated to note that the Breitbart piece didn’t address   fraud. ” an editor’s note reads. Many of the   journalists who bashed Breitbart for spreading fake news have deleted their tweets, with just a few admitting their fault. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
16251,Eighty Wealthy New Yorkers Ask State Government to Raise Their Taxes,"A group of New York’s wealthiest residents is asking the state to raise their taxes. [Eighty people, including George Soros, Steven Rockefeller, and Abigail Disney, wrote to New York state lawmakers and Gov. Andrew Cuomo saying they and other millionaires should be taxed more to support infrastructure, schools, and programs to help the poor and homeless, the New York Daily News reported.  “Now is the time to invest in the   economic viability of New York,” the letter reads. “We need to invest in pathways out of poverty and up the economic ladder for all of our fellow citizens, including strong public education from   to college. And, we need to invest in the fragile bridges, tunnels, waterlines, public buildings, and roads that we all depend on. ” The letter endorses a plan called the “1 Percent Tax Plan for Tax Fairness,” which would create new, higher income tax brackets for the state’s wealthiest individuals to raise a projected $2 billion. The   Fiscal Policy Institute, a think tank focused on economic policy, and the Responsible Wealth project, a group of America’s wealthiest individuals who support “fair taxes and corporate accountability,” helped formulate the proposal, Ron Deutsch, executive director of the Fiscal Policy Institute, called it “refreshing” that the state’s wealthiest were willing to pay more. The state legislature, however, is not as supportive of the proposal. While the Democratic majority in the Assembly has its own plan to raise taxes on the wealthy, the   Senate does not support the idea. “Whether it’s income taxes, property taxes, business taxes, user fees or tolls, we don’t support raising taxes or asking   New Yorkers to dig deeper into their pockets to pay more,” Senate leader John Flanagan ( ) said, according to the Guardian. Lawmakers are currently working out the details of the state’s budget and hope to have a deal in place by April 1. Lawmakers largely ignored a similar letter sent to them last year.",0
16252,New Guideline Will Allow First-Year Doctors to Work 24-Hour Shifts - The New York Times,"  doctors in training will now be permitted to work shifts lasting as long as 24 hours, eight hours longer than the current limit, according to a professional organization that sets work rules for graduates from medical schools in the United States. In setting the new standard, which goes into effect on July 1, officials at the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education said on Friday that they hoped to avoid confusion and disruptions in care that can result when a patient is handed off to one doctor from another whose shift is ending. The rules do not change for residents after the first year, who have been permitted to work   shifts if necessary. The new rules also leave in place a requirement that all residents work no more than 80 hours a week. But the new guidelines roused the ire of critics who say that exhausted and inexperienced residents will be working too many hours to remain alert and focus on the critical decisions they make. The issue has been a focus of controversy for at least 30 years, after a patient named Libby Zion died under the care of residents in a New York hospital. “We know   people can have impaired motor skills and their memory can deteriorate,” said Dr. Michael A. Carome, director of health research at Public Citizen, an advocacy group. Accreditation officials said they once believed as much, too, and had tried to protect   students from working too many hours. In 2011, the council required that   residents, unlike more experienced residents, work no longer than 16 hours in one stretch. The hope was that shorter shifts would improve patient care. Those hopes, the group wrote in a new report, “have not been realized. ” Instead, the council said, patient care was disrupted when residents’ shifts ended after 16 hours.   residents do not have to work for 24 hours straight  —   their shifts can be shorter  —   but if needed they may be asked or may choose to continue to work for that length of time. Whether a longer shift can be better for patients, and for the training of young doctors, has been rigorously studied in two randomized trials, the accrediting council noted  —   one involving surgeons in training, and the other involving specialists in internal medicine. The study involving internal medicine residents is still underway, but the study of surgical residents, published last year in the New England Journal of Medicine, found that shorter shifts had no effect on patient care. Continuity of care was also better with the longer shifts. Surgical residents in the study reported that they “strongly prefer” the option to work longer shifts, the council said. The task force held a meeting last year, about the time the randomized study was published, in which representatives of medical organizations told them what, if anything, they would like to change about the rules for   residents. “Everyone agreed that the   maximum was appropriate, but we heard from a large number of organizations that 16 hours was not successful,” said Dr. Rowen K. Zetterman,   of the task force, referring to the maximum shifts for   doctors. Such shifts have “had a significant negative impact on the professional education of the   residents, and effectiveness of care delivery of the team as a whole,” the council wrote in its report, which also said that residents’ physical and mental health should be monitored carefully, as well. Dr. Anai Kothari, a   surgical resident at Loyola University Medical Center who served on the task force, said he had had a   maximum shift when he was a   student, and much preferred the   maximum for residents in subsequent years. “Most people want to be there for the patient if the patient needs them,” he said. No one, Dr. Kothari added, wants to leave in the middle of an operation. Dr. Stephen Evans, past chairman of the American Board of Surgery and chief medical officer for MedStar Health, a hospital system in the Washington area, also favored giving   residents the option to work a longer shift. “If you are a pediatric   resident taking care of a critically ill patient, and the child dies, do you just walk away from the family because the 16 hours are up?” he asked. Dr. Carome, however, said that if the problem is the handoff from a doctor whose shift is ending, then it is the procedure that needs fixing, not residents’ shifts and sleep.",0
16253,Anti-War Movement Anticipates More War Under A Clinton Presidency,"Videos Anti-War Movement Anticipates More War Under A Clinton Presidency ‘Clinton is one of the biggest war-mongers the country has,’ an anti-war organizer tells MintPress News as the candidate’s popularity sinks to record lows ahead of Election Day. | November 7, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaks during a news conference at NATO headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, December 5, 2012. 
NEW YORK — As the bizarre 2016 presidential election nears its end, activists in the United States are considering the prospects for war and peace under the next administration. 
And with Hillary Clinton leading comfortably in most polls, the Democratic nominee’s militaristic record, as well as her promises to expand the use of force, are sparking concern. 
“Clinton is one of the biggest war-mongers the country has,” Joe Lombardo, co-coordinator of the United National Antiwar Coalition , told MintPress News. 
“She pushed for the bombing of Libya and the regime change in that country. She has supported a no-fly zone in Syria, which can put the U.S. in direct conflict with Russia.” 
On the campaign trail, Clinton has repeatedly advocated a “no-fly zone” in Syria, an aggressive move necessarily accompanied by a widespread bombing campaign, similar to those in Iraq and Libya, which were followed by expanded interventions to impose regime change. 
Senior U.S. military pilots have warned that the proposal could plunge the United States into direct conflict with Russia, whose air force is currently deployed over Syria. 
In September, Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told the Senate that the prospect “requires us to go to war against Syria and Russia.” 
‘Kill a lot of Syrians’ 
“It is critical that we not be confused about what Clinton’s promise of a no-fly zone will mean,” Meredith Aby of the Minneapolis-based Anti-War Committee told MintPress. 
“It is an escalation of U.S. involvement in the Syrian civil war and it will mean an increase in casualties.” 
In 2013, Clinton herself admitted in a paid speech to Goldman Sachs, obtained and released by WikiLeaks in September, that her proposal would “kill a lot of Syrians.” 
“To have a no-fly zone you have to take out all of the air defense, many of which are located in populated areas,” she said. 
Beyond Syria, Clinton has also threatened to attack and “totally obliterate” Iran , and she has repeatedly promised to take the United States’ ties with Israel “to the next level.” 
In August, after accusing Russia and China of hacking U.S. computer systems, she warned : “We will be ready with serious political, economic and military responses.” 
‘A voice for war since 2002’ US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, left, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu talk in Jerusalem, Israel, Monday, July 16, 2012. 
These statements, along with Clinton’s long, unbroken record of supporting military interventions, have anti-war activists eying the future warily. 
“Many in the anti-war movement understand the dangers of a Clinton presidency,” Aby said. 
“From her resume it is fairly obvious she will be a hawk, more so than President Obama and President Clinton. She has been a voice for war since 2002 when she voted for war in Iraq.” 
Beyond Clinton’s explicit threats of wars, her administration may also seek to expand the use of “soft power,” ranging from diplomatic assistance and military aid to subversion and coups, in pursuit of its foreign policy goals. 
“She has called for boosting U.S. support for Israeli missile defense systems and supports helping Israel with technology to fight in Gaza,” Aby said, adding: “On the campaign trail, she has denounced the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement as a threat to Israel. And while she hasn’t campaigned on it, she is no friend of Latin America. Her own emails show the role she played in helping provide support for the coup in Honduras.” 
Lombardo also noted that regions further removed from the headlines than flashpoints like Syria could face similar threats from a Hillary Clinton administration. 
“The Philippines is heating up and Clinton has a history in Latin America, where there are many places that the U.S. would like to see regime change,” he said. 
‘A very unpopular president from day one’ 
In the waning months of the campaign, both Clinton and her Republican rival, Donald Trump, have emerged as historically unpopular candidates , more so than others in the era of scientific polling. 
Indeed, while Trump’s aggression has kept his popularity below Clinton’s, she recently surpassed the bellicose billionaire as the least-liked candidate in history. 
A poll released by ABC News and the Washington Post on Tuesday showed Clinton’s unpopularity had reached a record-breaking 60 percent, while Trump’s stood at 58 percent. 
Despite her jingoism and promises to expand U.S. military efforts far beyond those of Barack Obama, organizers hope this public disdain may give them room to maneuver. 
“Although Clinton will win the presidency, she will be a very unpopular president from day one, which will give us the political space to organize opposition to her foreign policy,” Aby said. 
Lombardo agreed. “Clinton is very unpopular, and while the election of Obama put a damper on the anti-war movement, I believe we will see that turn around under Clinton.” 
He also noted the growth of domestic social movements, like Occupy Wall Street and Black Lives Matter, that could herald a resurgence in mobilization. 
“There is a downturn in the economy, distrust of the government and the system as a whole,” Lombardo said. “The connections with the wars abroad and the wars at home is clear to more and more people. I think a movement against increased war can be explosive and powerful during a Clinton administration.” 
But he added that there was much work to be done. “Although anti-war sentiment in the U.S. is high, the anti-war movement in weak compared to where it was in the past.” 
‘No optimism, only apprehension’ A woman with the words “hands off” painted on her face takes part in a protest organized by the Stop the War coalition calling for no military attack on Syria from the U.S., Britain or France, across the road from the entrance of Downing Street in London, Wednesday, Aug. 28, 2013. 
As the clock ticks down to the election, numerous organizations have launched new efforts they hope will preempt the war drive expected to start soon after Jan. 20. 
Along with other groups and individual supporters, the United National Antiwar Coalition launched a “Hands Off Syria Coalition” and accompanying statement against further U.S. intervention in the war-torn country. 
The effort “is getting a tremendous response,” Lombardo said. 
Other organizations, including the ANSWER Coalition and International Action Center , have called for protests against the inauguration in Washington. 
“There’s no optimism, only apprehension,” International Action Center co-director Sara Flounders told MintPress. “People know in their bones that a larger war is coming. From the first day of a new administration, we need to send an angry warning.” 
But with the United States fatigued from a grueling election season that has left few residents with positive impressions of either candidate, widespread distrust of the political system may deny the new president the mandate he or she would need to embark on new military adventures. 
“I think people are less naive now then they were eight years ago,” Aby said. “People understand that foreign policy is not an issue that truly separates the two major party candidates.” Be Sociable, Share!",0
16254,The Penalty For Treason Is… [Video],This is one of Sean’s most powerful videos. It is most definitely worth the 11 minutes it takes to listen. – G Grannum SF Source SGTreport.com Nov. 2016 Share this:,0
16255,Why Republicans Are Battling Republicans on Obamacare Repeal - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Republicans are rarely as exercised as when they are fighting with themselves. And as the House debates how to best dismantle the Affordable Care Act, a familiar array of interest groups with deep pockets, incensed talk radio hosts and online agitators is again assuming its posture of aggression toward the House Republican leadership. “Swampcare,” the writer and radio personality Erick Erickson scoffed at the new American Health Care Act, the culmination of seven years of promises to repeal and replace President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement. “Obamacare 2. 0,” declared Breitbart. com. “RINOCARE,” Mark Levin wrote on Twitter, using the acronym for Republican in Name Only. Political groups backed by the billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch and other powerful players on the right, such as Club for Growth and Heritage Action for America, have come out quickly and strongly against the bill. Some have threatened to punish lawmakers by docking their conservative ratings on the influential “scorecards” they distribute to voters. Activists are already swarming Capitol Hill and demanding that Congress take a harder line and pass a repeal measure that would leave no trace of the Affordable Care Act. “I feel lied to,” said Anna Beavon Gravely, the deputy state director of the North Carolina chapter of Americans for Prosperity, a   group that is funding a   push against Republicans in Congress who want to stop short of an outright repeal. “We trusted you because you said you were going to do something about this. And this is not it. Not even close,” she added as she prepared to set out for the offices of North Carolina lawmakers with other activists from her state. The displeasure is forcing an uncomfortable reckoning in the Republican Party much earlier and in a much more disruptive way than many think is constructive. And it has many conservatives asking why  —   now that they control both houses of Congress and the White House and have remained largely united so far  —   they are picking a fight with each other. The criticism from the right has grown so harsh that President Trump asked leaders of several conservative groups in an Oval Office meeting on Wednesday to tone it down. He was especially troubled, one participant said, by the comparisons of the plan to “Obamacare lite,” which he said was inaccurate and harmful to their shared cause of gutting the current law. One senior White House official described the meeting as “tough. ” Referring to the president, the official said: “He listened. They vented. ” After the meeting, the White House appeared more confident about the prospects in the House for the health care overhaul. In a meeting with conservative leaders in the Oval Office on Wednesday, Mr. Trump said he anticipated the most trouble in the Senate, where Republican moderates and conservatives are opposing the plan for different reasons. He said he was prepared to pressure holdout senators by having the kind of   rallies he had during his presidential campaign. Unified government was supposed to eliminate some of the infighting that plagued the Republicans during the Obama years, when the party’s right flank brought down a House speaker, defeated a House majority leader and blocked another majority leader’s ascent. Instead, it is underlining the difficulties of running Washington now that their party bears full responsibility. “For a while, it did seem like Trump’s victory had transcended the old political battles,” said Matt Lewis, a conservative author, who added that the fighting was doubly odd because the repeal was not an issue central to Mr. Trump’s   and   campaign. “This is not why people elected Donald Trump. And yet here we are. ” As they find themselves sudden targets of a   and   opposition from within, some Republicans are beginning to question whether the squabbling is ultimately  . And their doubts raise a new question for this Republican faction that has been mocked as the “Party of No”: Can they ever get to yes? “I fully respect people on the outside  —   who don’t have to take a vote or produce an outcome  —   who strive for perfect,” said Senator Thom Tillis of North Carolina, one of the Republicans who found activists in their offices this week. Perfect, he said, is never as attainable as people think. “But we’re going to get good here. ” Stopping   health care has been a cause unifying conservatives since Mr. Obama began talking about it as a presidential candidate nine years ago. Perhaps no other issue created as much energy among conservative voters, helping Republicans make historic gains in Congress as they railed against the law as an egregious government overreaching into a vast part of the economy. But differences over how exactly to unravel the Affordable Care Act have long divided Republicans, even when the stakes were low and they knew that whatever they passed in Congress would be vetoed by Mr. Obama. In 2013, differences within the Republican Party over defunding it led to a   government shutdown. Back then, the fault lines in the debate were largely the same:   conservatives butting up against the party leadership, which they accused of not acting aggressively enough. But as much as the squabbling seems the same, there is one crucial difference: They are firing with real bullets now. “We’re on the hook this time,” said Representative Dave Brat, Republican of Virginia, who is part of the group of conservatives pushing for an outright repeal. “This one counts. ” That they are firing some of those bullets at one another seems to be less of a concern the more conservative you are. Representative Raul Labrador of Idaho, an opponent of the House bill who along with Mr. Brat is a member of the House Freedom Caucus, the driving force on Capitol Hill behind the resistance, said that any Republicans who will not vote to fully repeal the law will not be keeping a promise they made to voters. “And they can go back to their districts and explain to the American people why they lied,” he said. Conservatives see many of the same problems in the Republican leadership plan today that bothered them about the Democrats’ 2010 health care bill: It extends a   subsidy to help individuals buy insurance though it revokes the Affordable Care Act’s mandate that nearly all Americans have insurance, it replaces the mandate with a new penalty if a consumer buys insurance after letting coverage lapse it was negotiated largely without consulting the rank and file and, they insist, its benefits could go toward people who should not receive them, like undocumented immigrants. Matt Schlapp, the chairman of the American Conservative Union, echoed a concern that many conservative activists have voiced about not being briefed or consulted on the plan. “It goes a long way when you hear people out,” he said. “And there are a lot of natural allies that this caught by surprise as much as it did Democrats. ” The unhappiness on the right could be especially worrisome for Speaker Paul D. Ryan, whose status as a favorite target of the conservative base seemed to fade in the wake of Mr. Trump’s election. Now, many conservatives appear willing to reopen the wounds of old leadership fights. Some of them have already taken to mocking the repeal plan with what they consider to be the most damning of pejoratives  —   not “Trumpcare,” as Democrats call it, but “Ryancare. ”",0
16256,New York Times Study Calls for Rapid Change in Newsroom - The New York Times,"The New York Times has deftly adapted to the demands of digital journalism, but it needs to change even more quickly, according to an internal report that recommends the company expand training for reporters and editors, hire journalists with more varied skills and deepen engagement with readers as a way to build loyalty and attract the subscriptions necessary to survive. The report, released to The Times newsroom on Tuesday, culminates a year of work by a group of seven journalists who were asked by Dean Baquet, the executive editor, to conduct a review of the newsroom and determine a blueprint for its path forward. Titled “Journalism That Stands Apart,” and known internally as the 2020 report, the document provides a set of broad principles to accelerate the transformation while maintaining a commitment to   journalism. The report comes at a particularly sobering time for the legacy media industry. The steep and continuous decline of   print advertising has led to significant financial challenges for most newspapers, which in turn are cutting costs and trying to find new revenue sources. News organizations, including The Wall Street Journal and Gannett, have made significant cuts in staffing The Journal is currently conducting a newsroom review similar to that of The Times, called WSJ2020. Among the other recommendations in The Times’s report were reducing duplicative layers of article editing, and having visual experts play “the primary role covering some stories”  —   part of an urgent call for more visual journalism. The report also calls for a renewed focus on diversity within The Times as a way of ensuring that the paper’s journalists “reflect the audience we seek. ” “The world is changing really rapidly,” David Leonhardt, a columnist who led the group’s work, said in an interview. “We have to keep up, and even get ahead of it. ” In a note to the newsroom, Mr. Baquet and Joseph Kahn, The Times’s managing editor, endorsed the group’s recommendations, saying they outlined an “opportunity we have to produce an even more vital, more authoritative, more indispensable” news report. The 2020 group acknowledged “budget realities” that would affect newsroom turnover, but it did not identify specific areas to be cut. Mr. Baquet and Mr. Kahn, however, went beyond the report and more bluntly addressed the need for staff cuts, saying that moving away from “duplicative and often   line editing” would lead to reductions in the editor ranks. “Let’s not be coy,” they wrote. “The changes will lead to fewer editors at The Times. ” In an interview on Tuesday, Mr. Baquet acknowledged that The Times had long valued its meticulous editing, and reducing its editor ranks represented a “significant cultural transformation. ” But, he said, “I do not believe that eliminating some of that editing will make us a lesser institution. ” The plan to cut back on editors reflects a broader effort by legacy publications to streamline their operations and align themselves with leaner digital media companies, which built their newsrooms without the kind of multilayered editing process inherent in print production. “If you look at any newsroom that was built for a digital environment, they don’t have anything like the editing structure that The Times has,” said Joshua Benton, the director of the Nieman Journalism Lab. “On the one hand, that is something that The Times is differentiated through. But on the other hand, if you do need to become more efficient, then some reduction there does make sense. ” Mr. Baquet and Mr. Kahn said in their note that the shift to digital publishing demanded a “smaller and more focused newsroom,” but added that the reconfiguration should be viewed as “a necessary repositioning of The Times’s newsroom, not as a diminishment. ” An announcement about downsizing in the newsroom will come in the first half of the year, Mr. Baquet said. Their note also laid out some concrete steps for various projects, including a plan to invest $5 million toward covering the incoming president, Donald J. Trump, and his administration. The report coincides with a series of broader changes at The Times, including a reimagining of the print newspaper an aggressive international expansion a heightened emphasis on graphics, podcasts, video and virtual reality the $  purchase of the product recommendation site The Wirecutter and its sibling, The Sweethome and changes in top newsroom management. The Times also recently appointed A. G. Sulzberger as deputy publisher, positioning him to succeed his father, Arthur Sulzberger Jr. as publisher. Many of the initiatives are intended to support an ambitious goal that The Times laid out in October 2015: to double its digital revenue, to $800 million in 2020 compared with $400 million in 2014. Last year, the report says, The Times generated nearly $500 million in purely digital revenue. The Times and other news organizations are also bracing for the challenges of covering an administration that is openly hostile to the news media, while trying to forge a stronger connection to the large bloc of voters who swept Mr. Trump to the presidency. At The Times, the election threw the newsroom into a period of   as it grappled with criticism that it had missed the signs pointing to Mr. Trump’s victory. In the days after the election, Mr. Baquet and the elder Mr. Sulzberger sent notes to the newsroom and readers reassuring them that The Times remained committed to holding powerful people and institutions accountable. Mr. Baquet initially planned to release the report in November, but it was pushed back after the unexpected election results, which demanded the organization’s full attention. Within The Times’s newsroom, where the impending staff cuts have some employees on edge, the report did not satisfy those looking for specific guidance on their future. Several employees said much of the report merely confirmed many of the initiatives that were already underway. Some expressed frustration that the report did not provide details about layoffs and that there was little information about how individual departments might be altered or how specific jobs might change. Instead, the report emphasizes The Times’s strengths and lays out a series of broad recommendations intended to ensure the company’s survival for years to come. Mr. Baquet said the goal was to put in place as many recommendations as possible this year. Several of them have been introduced, including the creation of   newsroom teams and a restructuring of the copy desks. Most important, the report affirms The Times’s commitment to its   revenue model, a departure from many other publications, both traditional and online, whose businesses are built on   visitors and clicks. “We are, in the simplest terms, a   business,” the report says. “We are not trying to maximize clicks and sell   advertising against them. We are not trying to win a   arms race. ” Among the report’s recommendations is that The Times improve and expand its training efforts and accelerate hiring to shift the balance away from   roles. The goal is to reconfigure the news report so that it aligns with the range of digital offerings audiences now expect. “It’s the single biggest message the committee delivered,” Mr. Leonhardt said. The 2020 committee also recommends that The Times continue to reduce the role the print newspaper plays in determining the daily rhythms of its journalism, while maintaining it as a valuable attraction to readers. “Our future is much more digital than print,” Mr. Leonhardt said, “and so the question then becomes how do you accomplish both of these at once?”",0
16257,Las frases “off the record” de Suárez durante la entrevista no emitida con Victoria Prego,"Las frases “off the record” de Suárez durante la entrevista no emitida con Victoria Prego HA CONFESADO QUE FUE ÉL QUIEN COLOCÓ A KODRO EN EL BARÇA Victoria Prego 
La publicación de una entrevista que el expresidente de España, Adolfo Suárez, concedió en 1995 a Antena 3 ha revelado que usó una triquiñuela legal para evitar un referéndum sobre la monarquía. Esta trascendental información ha eclipsado el resto de declaraciones del documento recuperado, que son tanto o más graves. 
Estos son algunos de los extractos más impactantes de la entrevista. 
“Había una posibilidad real de que la ciudadanía votara en contra de la Casa Real. Y eso no podía ser, por una razón que no te puedo contar. (Se tapa el micro) Mira, éramos muy colegas. La primera vez que (ininteligible) a Sofía, fue conmigo”. 
“¿Hay un maletín mío por ahí? El gris. El que tiene un revólver dentro”. 
“Perdona Victoria, hago un paréntesis para aclarar una cosa que no te puedo contar. (Se tapa el micro) Cuando he dicho antes que, cuando el Rey le puso (ininteligible) a Sofía fue conmigo, no me refiero a que lo hiciera conmigo, no sé si me explico… Vamos, que yo no (ininteligible). Por ahí jamás (ininteligible) nadie. Sin embargo, el Rey (ininteligible) . Sí, por eso mismo”. 
“Mi labor como Director general de Radiodifusión y Televisión se caracterizó por las acertadas decisiones que tomé. A ver, hay algunas cosillas, pero no te las puedo decir. (Se tapa el micro) Lo de Iñaki. Te habrán llegado voces. Esa no es su voz. Contratamos a un ventrílocuo, Iñaki solo movía los labios (se tapa la mano que tapa el micro) Por un lado está Iñaki y por otro lado está su voz, son cosas distintas”. 
“¿Hay una riñonera mía, por ahí? La de cuero. La que tiene una navaja ensangrentada”. 
“Fue entonces cuando sugerí la creación de los Premios Ondas, pero eso es un tema que no quiero tratar. (Se tapa el micro) ¿Tú quieres uno, Victoria? Yo te consigo un Ondas. Los premios TP no, yo ahí no pinto nada, pero Ondas, los que quieras”. 
“La unidad de España es un tema que me preocupa mucho, y así lo transmití durante mi mandato. Diálogo y respeto con todas las comunidades. Y no me tires más de la lengua. (Se tapa el micro) Menos con Cataluña. Es que no puedo con los catalufos… Sólo te digo una cosa: yo fui el que les colocó a Kodro en el Barça”. 
“¿Esto para qué cadena es? Antena 3… Ah, muy bien, muy bien. Tengo muy buena relación con el director de la cadena. Ayer mismo tuvimos una conversación que no puedo revelar. (Se tapa el micro) Le dije: pon Los Simpson a todas horas. A la gente le gusta la gente amarilla. Mira los chinos, son muy divertidos. Así rellenas horas de programación y todo eso que te ahorras en sueldos”. 
“La televisión debe ofrecer calidad y variedad siempre. Siempre. En eso soy tajante. (Se tapa el micro) Ja ja ja, es mentira. Acabo de hablar con Netflix y les he dicho que no hace falta que pongan pelis nuevas. La gente va a pagar igual”. 
“¿Hay una mariconera mía, por ahí? La negra. La que tiene cloroformo dentro”. 
“Sí, claro que hay ciertos periódicos que han criticado mi gestión, pero en eso se basa la libertad de expresión. (Se tapa el micro) A ver lo que publicas, ¿eh, Victoria? No me hagas llamar otra vez a Exuperancia”. 
“El cine español goza de una gran salud, gracias a la creatividad y a la independencia de nuestros directores. De casi todos, claro, pero no quiero dar nombres. (Se tapa el micro) Santiago Segura. Le dije: haz más torrentes, que a mi sobrino le gustan mucho”. 
“No me gusta hablar de mi vida privada, pero créeme: no tengo nada que ocultar. (Se tapa el micro) A ver, como a todo el mundo, me gusta divertirme. (Ininteligible) ¡Deberías llamarte Torbe! Ja ja ja”. 
“Mi labor era conducir al país a la democracia, siempre desde la ley, claro. Cierto es que me tomé algunas licencias, pero no te las puedo explicar. (Se tapa el micro) Lo de Felipe. Le dije: mi cuñado es encofrador. Si quieres cal… (ininteligible) Eso puede con todo (ininteligible) Por encima un poco y ya está”. 
“Las nuevas tecnologías son el futuro. Hay que estar atentos a ver hacia dónde nos llevan. (Se tapa el micro) ¿Tienes ordenador? Pues adivina de quién fue la idea de que el navegador predeterminado sea Internet Explorer (Guiña un ojo) .” 
“Amo la democracia por encima de todo. Y en eso, nadie me puede cuestionar nada. (Se tapa el micro) Pero bueno, que tuve un buen trabajo durante el franquismo, eso es así. (ininteligible) De él sólo se ha contado lo malo. (ininteligible) Extraordinaria placidez”. 
“Me gusta mucho estar al día en temas de informática. Me gusta programar páginas web, pero eso pertenece al ámbito privado. (Se tapa el micro) La web de RENFE la he programado yo, enterita. (ininteligible) En dos horas la he hecho (ininteligible) Netscape, claro”. 
“¿Hay un macuto por ahí? El beige, el que tiene el aguilucho bordado”. 
“En el 23F tiré de agallas. Sabía que si me mostraba débil, el Golpe triunfaría. Pero es un tema que mejor no remover. (Se tapa el micro) Me oriné encima. Si te fijas, cuando Tejero forcejea con Gutiérrez Mellado, se puede ver cómo Calvo Sotelo me ofrece sus pantalones y nos los intercambiamos”. 
“Tejero era un títere, no sabía muy bien qué estaba haciendo allí. Aun así, había que tratarle con cautela. Sí, charlamos durante el Golpe, pero es una conversación que no aporta nada. (Se tapa el micro) Voy y le digo: “La pistola cuando se saca es pa disparar, el que la saca pa enseñarla es un parguela”. 
“El 23F no estaba preparado por las altas esferas. Eso es rotundamente falso. Ni yo ni nadie imaginaba qué iba a ocurrir. Y zanjemos ya el tema de una vez. (Se tapa el micro) Ahora, una cosa te digo: en los ensayos quedó mejor”. 
“El papel del Rey durante el golpe de Tejero fue fundamental. Fundamental. Él salvó España aquella noche desde Zarzuela. Pero no estoy autorizado a revelar secretos de Estado. (Se tapa el micro) El mensaje estaba grabado desde el aeropuerto de Barajas. Parece su despacho, pero es McDonald’s de la Terminal 1. En cuanto le dieron la noticia, hizo las maletas con la intención de ir a Londres, a casa de Sofía. Lo divertido es que se olvidó a Elena en Palacio. De ahí saqué la idea del guión de ‘Solo en Casa’, que posteriormente vendí a Hollywood”. 
“Odio la corrupción política. Jamás, jamás, he usado mi cargo privilegiado para conseguir nada. (Se tapa el micro) Otra cosa es que, en una conversación casual con gente poderosa pues haya dicho que me gustaría que le pusieran mi nombre al aeropuerto de Barajas”. 
“¿Hay un saco de tela mío, por ahí? El marrón, el que tiene el símbolo del dólar bordado”.",0
16258,Christian Farmer Barred from Michigan Market Because of Views on Gay Marriage - Breitbart,"A Catholic apple grower in Michigan has been barred from a city farmers’ market over his views on   marriage, after he refused to host a lesbian couple’s wedding at his orchard. [Stephen Tennes, the owner of Country Mill Farms, has sold his fruit and vegetables at the East Lansing Farmer’s Market for the past seven years. After city officials learned of his Christian belief that marriage is the union between one man and one woman, they invoked a   policy to exclude him from being able to sell at the farmers’ market.   Tennes says he was barred from selling his produce after his business, Country Mill Farms, refused to host a lesbian couple’s wedding at its orchard in Charlotte, 22 miles outside East Lansing. Explaining his position on Facebook, Tennes cited his “Catholic belief that marriage is a sacramental union between one man and one woman. ” In a statement, the city of East Lansing said the farmer’s decision not to host a   wedding violated a “  ordinance that protects sexual orientation as well as the Supreme Court’s ruling that grants the right for   couples to be married. ” In point of fact, the city introduced a modification to the city’s farmers market vendor agreement just this year requiring sellers to comply with East Lansing’s Human Relations Ordinance. Among other things, the ordinance prohibits discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, gender identity and expression. The city’s punitive action targets the farmer’s use of his own private property, 22 miles outside the city and well outside its jurisdiction. Mr. Tennes has declared that he does not discriminate against LGBT customers at the farmer’s market, and gladly sells his produce to all comers. “It’s our faith that informs us how to treat all who come to our farm and the farmers market with dignity and decency   …     serving customers of many races, religions, cultures and those who identify with the LBGT community,” he said. When it came to actually hosting a   marriage that contradicts his biblical understanding of the nature of marriage, Tennes felt obliged to decline. “Our faith and beliefs on marriage and hosting weddings at our home and in our backyard of our farm have nothing to do with the city of East Lansing,” Tennes said at a press conference. According to Gay Star News, the biblical view of marriage is “homophobic” and the City of East Lansing barred Tennes for his “homophobic religious views. ” On Wednesday, May 31, Tennes filed a federal lawsuit against the city of East Lansing seeking his reinstatement at the market.  According to the lawsuit, Country Mill is the only business to have been prohibited under the market’s   policy. The Alliance Defending Freedom, a nonprofit legal organization specializing in religious liberty cases, is representing Tennes. They have asserted that his religious views on marriage have no bearing on his involvement at the market and said the city’s actions amounted to a First Amendment violation. “Steve and his farm have been singled out and excluded from full participation in the life of the community for only one reason,” said ADF counsel Kate Anderson. “Steve expressed a viewpoint the city did not like. ” “If the government can shut down a family farmer just because of the religious views he expresses on Facebook   …     then no American is free,” Anderson said. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
16259,E.U. and U.S. Urge Erdogan to Show Restraint After Coup Attempt in Turkey - The New York Times,"BRUSSELS  —   The United States and the European Union stepped up pressure on Monday on President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey to not use an attempted coup as an excuse for an authoritarian crackdown. Officials even suggested that Turkey’s continued membership in NATO and its aspirations of joining the European Union could be at stake. Meeting in Brussels, Secretary of State John Kerry and European Union foreign ministers called on Mr. Erdogan to show restraint in the wake of the failed coup, even as he continued to round up political opponents and as Turkey debated whether it should reinstate the death penalty to deal with the plotters. “Obviously, NATO also has a requirement with respect to democracy, and NATO will indeed measure very carefully what is happening,” Mr. Kerry said. “And my hope is that Turkey is going to move in ways that do respect what they have said to me many times is the bedrock of their country. ” On Monday, NATO’s secretary general, Jens Stoltenberg, condemned the coup attempt but added, “Being part of a unique community of values, it is essential for Turkey, like all other allies, to ensure full respect for democracy and its institutions, the constitutional order, the rule of law and fundamental freedoms. ” And the European Union’s foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini, called for “the full observance of Turkey’s constitutional order, and we, as the European Union, stress the importance for the rule of law prevailing in the country. ” Mr. Erdogan’s government has detained more than 6, 000 military personnel since an attempted coup Friday night, and there are signs he is using the moment to widen a crackdown on perceived enemies. Turkey has been a crucial ally in the region for the United States and NATO, and it has also long sought membership in the European Union. The aftermath of the coup could present European Union leaders with particularly vexing  . In return for helping to curb the flow of migrants from Syria and other countries in the region into Western Europe, Turkey is expecting   travel to the European Union for its citizens this year, but the country must first meet benchmarks on protecting freedoms and upholding the rule of law. The flow of migrants across the Aegean Sea to the European Union has slowed to a trickle since leaders of the bloc and the government in Ankara reached a deal this year that gives funds to aid organizations in Turkey, along with other concessions. But the scale of the crackdown in the wake of the attempted coup in Turkey has rattled Western leaders. Alongside the members of the military, the Turkish government also dismissed thousands of judges, who seemingly played no role in the military revolt. “Obviously a lot of people have been arrested and arrested very quickly,” Mr. Kerry said, appearing to echo allegations by some Europeans that the Turkish authorities had prepared lists of people for reprisals even before the coup. “I think the level of vigilance and scrutiny is obviously going to be significant in the days ahead, and we’ll work very closely, and hopefully we can work in a constructive way, that prevents a backsliding, and that is our hope. ” Mr. Erdogan has urged the United States to extradite one of his former allies, the cleric Fethullah Gulen, to Turkey. Mr. Erdogan has accused Mr. Gulen of inspiring the coup attempt, which Mr. Gulen has denied. “I made it clear to the foreign minister there is indeed a very formal process for that, and there has to be a formal extradition request submitted through the appropriate channels, legal channels,” Mr. Kerry said of his Turkish counterpart, adding that he had urged the Turkish authorities to “send us evidence, not allegations. ” Separately, the United States ambassador to Turkey, John R. Bass, denounced as “categorically untrue” speculation “that the United States in some way supported the coup attempt. ” As American officials sought to manage the situation in Turkey, European officials grappled with calls from Erdogan supporters to reintroduce the death penalty, which Turkey abolished in 2004. Negotiations to bring Turkey into the European Union are already proceeding at a glacial pace, and Ms. Mogherini said the reintroduction of the death penalty would be a   as did a spokesman for Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany. “No country can become an E. U. member state if it introduces the death penalty,” Ms. Mogherini said at the news conference. The death penalty would also be incompatible with Turkey’s membership in the Council of Europe, a human rights organization with nearly 50 member states that operates separately from the European Union, she said. Formal negotiations on Turkish membership in the bloc started a decade ago, but there has been resistance from France and Germany, among others, as well as strong opposition from Cyprus, a member of the union that has been divided since Turkey invaded the north of the island in 1974. Boris Johnson, the newly appointed British foreign secretary, told reporters before the ministers’ meeting that there needed to be “restraint and moderation on all sides” in Turkey. The meeting in Brussels is Mr. Johnson’s first as foreign secretary after his successful campaign for Britain to leave the European Union, in a referendum on June 23. He was named to the position by Prime Minister Theresa May last week. Mr. Johnson was a divisive figure during the referendum campaign well beyond Britain, after he compared efforts by the European Union to unite the Continent with those of Adolf Hitler.   Ayrault, the French foreign minister, accused Mr. Johnson of telling lies to the British people during the campaign. On Monday, Mr. Johnson insisted that Britain would continue to play a part in shaping the region’s foreign policy, even without a formal tie to the European Union. “We have to give effect to the will of the people and leave the European Union, but that in no sense means that we are leaving Europe,” Mr. Johnson told reporters. “We not going to be in any way abandoning our leading role in European cooperation and participation of all kinds,” he said. Ms. Mogherini met briefly Sunday night with Mr. Johnson, and she emphasized that there could be no formal negotiations on a British departure from the bloc until the government began the legal process of leaving. Ms. Mogherini said that ministers were also expected to discuss the terrorist attack in Nice, France relations with China and the situation in Venezuela, as well as in Turkey.",0
16260,Australia Legalizes The Cultivation Of Medical Marijuana,"  Carol Adl in News , World // 0 Comments 
Australia is to allow individuals and business’s to cultivate medicinal cannabis crops under strict government license and guidelines in an effort to substitute imports with a domestic supply. 
The recreational use of marijuana will however remains a criminal activity. 
RT reports: 
The commencement of the Narcotic Drugs Amendment Act 2016 on October 30, 2016, marks a milestone for Australia’s medicinal cannabis prospects. The new regulations allow for the licensing of cannabis cultivation and the production of cannabis and cannabis resins for medicinal and scientific purposes. RELATED CONTENT British Government Admits Marijuana Has ‘Medicinal Value’ 
Until now, it has been difficult for patients to access medicinal cannabis products from overseas sources,” Federal Health Minister Sussan Ley said in a statement released on Sunday. 
“These new laws change that situation by providing for a domestic supply of medicinal cannabis products that are not readily available for import.” 
However, while pharmaceuticals will gain an advantage from the new law, recreational pot smokers are left disappointed, as consuming marijuana still remains a criminal activity. 
“I want to emphasize that the changes to the Narcotic Drugs Act do not decriminalize cannabis for recreational use,” Ley said. 
Under the act, those companies ready to grow their weed plants must comply with state and territory drug legislations which would allow companies to classify their harvest in accordance with the Therapeutic Goods Administration. 
To hold a license for cannabis production, business will need to pass “strict fit and proper persons requirements and other legislative tests relating to security.” It is left up to individual states and territories to award licenses and outline the types of cannabis plants that can be cultivated and the quantities that can be produced.",0
16261,Inside the Failing Mission to Tame Donald Trump’s Tongue - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump was in a state of shock: He had just fired his campaign manager and was watching the man discuss his dismissal at length on CNN. The rattled candidate’s advisers and family seized the moment for an intervention. Joined by his daughter Ivanka and her husband, Jared Kushner, a cluster of Mr. Trump’s confidants pleaded with him to make that day  —   June 20  —   a turning point. He would have to stick to a teleprompter and end his freestyle digressions and insults, like his repeated  attacks on a Hispanic federal judge. Paul Manafort, Mr. Trump’s campaign chairman, and Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey argued that Mr. Trump had an effective message, if only he would deliver it. For now, the campaign’s polling showed, too many voters described him in two words: “unqualified” and “racist. ” Mr. Trump bowed to his team’s entreaties, according to four people with detailed knowledge of the meeting, who described it on the condition of anonymity. It was time, he agreed, to get on track. Nearly two months later, the effort to save Mr. Trump from himself has plainly failed. He has repeatedly signaled to his advisers and allies his willingness to change and adapt, but has grown only more volatile and prone to provocation since then, clashing with a Gold Star family, making comments that have been seen as inciting violence and linking his political opponents to terrorism. Advisers who once hoped a   transformation would refashion a crudely effective political showman into a plausible American president now increasingly concede that Mr. Trump may be beyond coaching. He has ignored their pleas and counsel as his poll numbers have dropped, boasting to friends about the size of his crowds and maintaining that he can read surveys better than the professionals. In private, Mr. Trump’s mood is often sullen and erratic, his associates say. He veers from barking at members of his staff to grumbling about how he was better off following his own instincts during the primaries and suggesting he should not have heeded their calls for change. He broods about his souring relationship with the news media, calling Mr. Manafort several times a day to talk about specific stories. Occasionally, Mr. Trump blows off steam in bursts of boyish exuberance: At the end of a   on Long Island last week, he playfully buzzed the crowd twice with his helicopter. But in interviews with more than 20 Republicans who are close to Mr. Trump or in communication with his campaign, many of whom insisted on anonymity to avoid clashing with him, they described their nominee as exhausted, frustrated and still bewildered by fine points of the political process and why his incendiary approach seems to be sputtering. He is routinely preoccupied with perceived slights, for example raging to aides after Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, in his   announcement, said he would stand up to the next president regardless of party. In a visit to Capitol Hill in early July, Mr. Trump bickered with two Republican senators who had not endorsed him he needled Representative Peter T. King of New York for having taken donations from him over the years only to criticize him on television now. And Mr. Trump has begun to acknowledge to associates and even in public that he might lose. In an interview on CNBC on Thursday, he said he was prepared to face defeat. “I’ll just keep doing the same thing I’m doing right now,” he said. “And at the end, it’s either going to work, or I’m going to, you know, I’m going to have a very, very nice, long vacation. ” Jason Miller, a spokesman for Mr. Trump, said the Republican nominee was still determined to win, and dismissed accounts that he was downcast. Mr. Miller pointed to the crowds Mr. Trump attracts as a sign of strength. “Behind the scenes we have a very motivated and very focused candidate in Donald Trump, who knows what he needs to do to win this race,” Mr. Miller said. People around Mr. Trump and his operation say they are not ready to abandon hope of a turnaround. But he is in a dire predicament, Republicans say, because he is profoundly uncomfortable in the role of a typical general election candidate, disoriented by the crosscurrents he must now navigate and still relying impulsively on a pugilistic formula that guided him to the nomination. His advisers are still convinced of the basic potency of a sales pitch about economic growth and a   in Washington, and they aspire to compete in as many as 21 states, despite Mr. Trump’s perilous standing in the four states  —   Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania and North Carolina  —   likely to decide the election. Charles R. Black Jr. an influential Republican lobbyist supporting Mr. Trump, said the campaign was in a continuing struggle to tame him. “He has three or four good days and then makes another gaffe,” Mr. Black said. “Hopefully, he can have some more good days. ” Of Mr. Trump’s advisers, Mr. Black said, “They think he is making progress in terms of being able to make set speeches and not take the bait on every attack somebody makes on him. ” Mr. Trump’s advisers now hope to steady him by pairing him on the trail with familiar, more seasoned figures  —   people he views as peers and enjoys spending time with, like former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of New York and former Gov. Mike Huckabee of Arkansas. Mr. Giuliani, who campaigned with Mr. Trump early in the week, said he did not see the candidate as unmoored or unhappy. If anyone was disconcerted, Mr. Giuliani suggested, it was the people steering his campaign. “He doesn’t seem to be as unnerved by these things that go wrong as the people around him,” Mr. Giuliani said. Still, he allowed, “I think it is true that maybe it took him a little while to realize that we’re moving from a primary campaign to a presidential campaign. ” Mr. Trump, he said, had become “a little bit more realizing there are certain days left and you’ve got to get messages out on those days. ” Even before Mr. Trump’s most recent spate of incendiary comments, Republicans who dealt with him after the primaries came away alarmed by his obvious unease as the de facto party leader. After a meeting in late May between Mr. Trump and Karl Rove, the architect of George W. Bush’s presidential victories, Mr. Rove told associates he was stunned by Mr. Trump’s poor grasp of campaign basics, including how to map out a schedule and use data to reach voters. Sitting with Mr. Rove in the Manhattan apartment of a mutual friend, the casino magnate Steve Wynn, Mr. Trump said he would compete in states like Oregon, which has not voted Republican since Ronald Reagan’s 1984 landslide. Mr. Rove later told people he believed Mr. Trump was confused and scared in anticipation of the general election, according to people who have heard Mr. Rove’s account. A few weeks later, when Governor Christie brokered a meeting at Trump Tower between Mr. Trump and governors from around the country, Mr. Trump offered a desultory performance, bragging about his poll numbers, listening passively as the governors talked about their states and then sending them on their way. Mr. Trump never asked them for their support, three people briefed on the meeting said. With donors, Mr. Trump has been an indifferent ambassador for his campaign. He has resisted making   calls and, during at least two major events in July, in New York and Chicago, burned valuable hours with potential contributors by asking them to go around the room, one by one, giving him their thoughts on whom he should pick as his running mate. That left little time for the donors to query Mr. Trump about policy or strategy, or for him to reassure them about his campaign. Jay Bergman, an Illinois oil executive who attended the event in Chicago, said he wondered if Mr. Trump had taken that approach “to avoid answering questions. ” On matters of policy, too, Mr. Trump has engaged only fleetingly, and idiosyncratically. Before delivering a policy speech in Detroit on Monday, he delegated the formation of an economic plan to a few conservative economists outside his campaign, who consulted him from time to time and ultimately haggled over the details in his office as he followed their conversation. Stephen Moore, a Heritage Foundation fellow, said he and Arthur Laffer, the   economist, had tangled over the top tax bracket while Mr. Trump observed from behind his desk, eventually siding with Mr. Moore. Mr. Trump, he said, also expressed strong views about the taxation of interest on business loans, citing his experience as a developer. “He’s a typical businessman, right?” Mr. Moore said. “He lets people argue it out, and Arthur made his case and others made their case. ” “He’s not the world’s expert on the tax code,” Mr. Moore added, “but he has very good intuition about how these things will affect real people. ” At the last minute, Mr. Trump interjected to direct his advisers to incorporate a tax deduction for the cost of child care in his economic plan. The issue, which Mr. Trump had not discussed on the campaign trail, is a favorite of his daughter Ivanka. Mr. Trump’s reliance on his family has only grown more pronounced. Mr. Kushner, Mr. Trump’s    who has no background in politics, has expanded his role: He now has broad oversight over areas including the campaign’s budget, messaging and strategy, with the power to approve spending. Mr. Trump has also continued to seek advice from Corey Lewandowski, the campaign manager whom Mr. Trump ousted in June at his children’s urging. Efforts to bring in   experienced hands have been fruitless. Mr. Kushner had suggested enlisting Steve Schmidt, Senator John McCain’s 2008 presidential campaign manager, but despite having met once with Mr. Trump during the primaries and speaking with him a few times, Mr. Schmidt never signed on. Mr. Trump’s advisers believe he is nearly out of time to right his campaign. On Tuesday, hours before his explosive comment about “Second Amendment people” taking action if Mrs. Clinton is elected, his brain trust reassembled again at Trump Tower in a reprise of their stern meeting in June. They again urged Mr. Trump to adjust his tone and comportment. The top pollster, Tony Fabrizio, gave an unvarnished assessment, warning that Mr. Trump’s numbers would only move in one direction, absent a major change. Mr. Trump, people briefed on the meeting said, digested the advice and responded receptively. It was time, he agreed, to get on track.",0
16262,"Readings in the Jewish Zionist Control of the United States: Interviews with Francis Boyle, James Petras, Kim Petersen","Part 1: Introduction 10 Shares
9 0 0 1
For the last 30 years, I have witnessed and experienced the severe restraints on any free and balanced discussion of the facts. This reluctance to criticize any policies of the Israeli government is because of the extraordinary lobbying efforts of the American-Israel Political Action Committee and the absence of any significant contrary voices.
— Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter [1]
How the Interviews Came About
The Marxian thesis that the dominant culture and ideology of a society (here referred to as Social Base or just Base) are those of the dominant class (here referred to as System) is a sharp tool to probe how political systems work and how they stay in power. Does this tool work in the U.S. model? Certainly, , the relation between the System and its Social Base has been regular since the inception of the thirteen colonies. Because of that sustained regularity, System and Base acted in convergent patterns of dependency. In historical perspective, it was not possible for the System to transform those colonies into states, and thereafter expand its conquests to form a continental empire without a solid social base that shared its purpose and visions for expansion. From that time onward, an ideological symbiosis ran between the System and the Base. Not only that, but each time the System modifies direction, philosophy, or ideology, the Base would adapt by modifying its attitudes and perception.
The patterns of ideological association between the U.S. System and its Social Base extended into modern times, and the yardstick to measure them is the presidential elections. If you look at voters' turnout since 1960 , you will notice that a relative-to-large majority of Americans had voted in those elections. My interpretation of the vote in relation to Marx's thesis is the following. Voting for a system that is known for its aggressive imperialist policies, crimes around the world, overthrowing foreign governments not in line with Washington, and countless military interventions and invasions that left millions of people dead means one thing: Voting for that system while knowing its attributes, policies, and actions amounts to active sharing in its ideology, culture, and violence.
MORE... Zionism is Racism Zionism goes from bad to worse, taking Judaism with it How modern is Israel? Green Party of Canada calls to revoke Jewish National Fund charitable status Caveat! That does not necessarily mean that all voters share the System's imperialistic values of violence and destruction of foreign peoples. The pertinent meaning of voting interpreted in relation to the System's foreign policy objectives versus the objectives of the Base resides in two concepts. Discarding immediately the notion that the Base has been cohabitated by the system, the first concept has it that the Base has given a mandate to the System to carry out its ideology of empire and imperialism based on the undeclared condition to spare the people from the horrors of foreign wars. A dichotomy sets in here. The System has its way of life, and the Base has its own. The second concept has to do with the basic tenets of colonialism. Meaning, if the System could be successful to obtain unspecified benefits through wars, then the base could share in these benefits despite aversion to violence and opposition to the institution of war as a means to resolve problems between nations.
 A question: Would abstaining from voting resolve the issue of ""active sharing"" in the policies of the system? This subject is open for debate . . .
The relation between the American System and its Base was uniform up to a certain point in history (late 1920s). Until that point, the American state was still busy completing its structural transformation into a big power status. That uniformity, however, managed to keep the patterns of the political power unchanged. To be exact, despite persistent immigration that should have altered the relations between the Base and government, as well as the composition of the latter, the dominance of the traditional ruling elites was 1) not open for challenge, and 2) shaped by an exclusive American Anglo-Saxon experience.
But when Franklyn D. Roosevelt showed signs of surrender to the Zionist pressure on the issue of establishing a ""Jewish"" state in Palestine, he opened a large crack in the System. That was the first time in U.S. history where the powerful American imperialist state yielded to a foreign ideology that was not part of its basic project. With that, a movement with a limited religious social base began penetrating the files and ranks of the U.S. power. The rest is history. As a result, the unrelenting entrenchment inside the political structures of the United States coupled with accumulated changes in the configuration of the U.S. power, the dominant American System itself fell under the domination of one of its social factions—American Jewish Zionists.
When Franklyn D. Roosevelt showed signs of surrender to the Zionist pressure on the issue of establishing a ""Jewish"" state in Palestine, he opened a large crack in the System.
As a group, American Jewish Zionists have all attributes of an independent establishment. They possess efficient organizational structures, have a monolithic political presence across the American system, and they know how to finance their activities with U.S. tax money. I must note that their alignment with the global agenda of U.S. imperialism is a two-point expedient. The first is focused on being recognized as earnest operators at the service of America's interests. The second is tactical. To reap, on behalf of Israel, the benefits of alignment with slogans such as ""Israel is our only trusted ally in the Middle East"".
The American Jewish Zionist experience is agenda driven. As such, their domestic and foreign agendas have precedence over any other Jewish-related consideration.
On the domestic front, the focus could not be more evident: to consolidate Zionism and turn it into a means to 1) perpetuate Israel as an American national issue, and 2) make of them the principal factor in defining American politics. You can notice the endeavor clearly during U.S. elections when the Zionist media question whether this or that candidate is good for the Jews, and for Israel. Today, voicing dissent against the policies of American Jewish Zionism or criticizing Israel amounts to crime. Jimmy Carter experienced this firsthand. When he published his book: Palestine: Peace not Apartheid , American Jewish Zionists unleashed the fire of hell upon him.
As for the Jewish Zionist foreign agenda, this is clear-cut and leaves no space for misunderstanding. It aims to induce, control, or lead the United States to 1) adopt hostile policies toward the Arab nations because due to their rejection of the Zionist state, and 2) undertake military actions against any country that appears as posing a potential or direct threat to Israel. Equally important, it demands that the United States keep denying the Palestinians rights for nationhood through American diplomacy. What is the rationale? Recognition of the Palestinian national rights means the invalidation of the Zionist state and its claim on Palestine.
Because the Jewish Zionist control of the U.S. System is real and dominant, how does the American society figure vis-à-vis this dominance? Based on observations of the American society and its multiple cultural and ideological patterns, there can be but one answer: Zionism is not the dominant culture and ideology of the American people. It is, however, the dominant culture and ideology of the U.S. political system.
OBSERVATIONS
First, despite gargantuan Zionist propaganda apparatuses directed to the American people, Jewish Zionists have consistently failed to create interest or sympathy for Zionist issues and for Israel,
Second, due to historically developed indifference to foreign issues, a majority of Americans have only vague ideas on what Zionism is,
Third, to establish roots for their political dominance, Jewish Zionist activists invariably focus not on the American people, but on ways to control the American system from inside by controlling first the institutions that matter: White House and Congress.
Fourth, this control did not happen because of elections. It is preponderantly due to the practice of appointing Jewish Zionists to important positions inside the administrations,
Fifth, among the stratagems employed by Zionists when they run for elective offices, one was particularly effective: Take advantage of the reverence of the population for the idea of election. To do that, Jewish Zionist candidates rarely, if ever, talk about Israel or Zionism. Instead, they only debate matters of interest to the voters. Once elected though, promoting Israel via American legislations becomes the top hidden agenda,
Sixth, and to conclude this particular argument, the fact that one administration after another succumbed to the diktat of Jewish Zionists (thus indirectly to Israel) in matters of foreign policy and wars proves that the culture and praxis of those administrations are those of the dominant ideology and culture—Zionism.
Another point to discuss is the expansion of the Jewish Zionist power. By all accounts, such an expansion is not a phenomenon but an incremental process. In his book, The Arabists: The Romance of an American Elite , Robert D. Kaplan defined the issue that I framed as a process in terms of gradual replacement of traditional diplomatic elites with new ideological elites that had no interest in the ways of the old school of diplomacy. Kaplan was unambiguous. He called these new elites by their names: Irish-Americans and Jewish-Americans.
Kaplan's viewpoint on this replacement is important to our discussion. He argued that the old elites approached the U.S.-Arab relations with an open mind and readiness for dialog, all while keeping an eye on the U.S. imperialist interests. His argument opens the door for a veritable conclusion. The two groups of post-WWII American society that Kaplan mentioned had in fact changed the dynamics of U.S. foreign policy. (It is public knowledge that both groups are known for their hostility toward Arabs and Muslims—each for his own set of religious, political, and ideological rationales.). As for the successive shares of African-Americans and Hispanics in the making of the national policy of the United States, this is another argument.
As a witness to history, in early 2012, I began drafting a comprehensive analysis on the role of American Jewish Zionists in the making of U.S. policies and wars in the Arab world. In May of that year, as my work became broad in scope, I decided to seek more views on the subject. I came up with the idea to conduct several interviews where I pose the same questions. While some of the prospective interviewees declined, and others accepted but then withdrew, three prominent thinkers acclaimed for their knowledge, scholarship, and outstanding political activism graciously gave me their views.
They are Francis Boyle, a professor of international law, University of Illinois, College of Law; James Petras, a professor emeritus, University of Binghamton, New York; Canadian writer and former co-editor of the online publication of Dissident Voice Kim Petersen. Professors Boyle and Petras answered my questions via phone conversations, and, Petersen via email correspondence.
However, in the weeks following the interviews, my work swelled up to such a length that it became unsuitable for internet publishing. In short, I was unable to honor my commitment to publish the interviews as planned. Today, as I thank Prof. Francis Boyle, Prof. James Petras, and Kim Petersen for sharing their invaluable insight, I apologize to them for the delay in putting the interviews out there to read.
INTRODUCTION
The turning point in the emergence of Jewish Zionism as a dominant American political force came about when Iraq invaded Kuwait. (Discussing the origins and strategic complications of that invasion goes beyond the scope of this introduction.) The Jewish Zionist establishment seized the occasion, mobilized its omnipresent propaganda operatives, and led colossal media campaigns to promote military actions against Iraq. To bring their war mania to fruition, they unleashed their ""experts"" in all directions. They talked about Iraq's ""formidable"" military capabilities and about Saddam's one-million-man standing army ready to invade Saudi Arabia and seize its oil. They told stories about Saddam Hussein's personal life, his bunkers, and his mortal ""nuclear threats"" to Israel. And they talked about Iraq's threats to U.S. interests and ""allies"" in the Middle East. . . . Here is a brief account of those events.
On July 25, 1990, Iraqi president Saddam Hussein met with U.S. ambassador to Iraq, April Glaspie. It is on record that Glaspie gave Hussein an unambiguous but indirect greenlight to resolve Iraq's problems with Kuwait militarily. On August 2, Iraq invaded Kuwait. On August 3, George H. W. Bush ordered the freezing of Iraqi and Kuwaiti assets and immediately placed Iraq under hermetic embargo. Considering the prompt, extraordinary anti-Iraq measures that the United States took in the first 24 hours of that invasion, one wonders what was pushing the U.S. to move so quickly on Iraq knowing that only two days earlier, this was conducting a U.S. proxy against Iran. The observation that the U.S. did not take similar actions when Iraq invaded Iran in 1980, or when Israel invaded Lebanon in 1982 raises many questions. What were the U.S. rationales in taking such measures? Who conceived them? Did the U.S. entrap Iraq? Why? . . .
The atmosphere that followed the invasion was surrealistic. Like a lightning bolt, U.S. imperialist and Zionist forces instantly mobilized their media, talking heads, retired generals, and bogus experts on the Middle East. The deafening uproar they made and all lies they told about atrocities committed by Iraq in Kuwait hid a definite scheme: Incite for war . In the period August 2, 1990 – January 14, 1991, Israelis and Jewish Zionists from all fields appeared en mass and in every possible medium available to urge the Bush regime to give up diplomacy in favor of war. On January 15, 1991, a 30-member ""coalition"" in which the U.S. had the lion share—ninety-seven percent of the total force—attacked Iraq. By every standard and minutia of details, the war on Iraq in 1991 was an American War .
At the end of a war that destroyed one of Israel's Arab adversaries, George H. W. Bush might have thought of himself as America's ""laureate hero"". He did not predict though that his temporary freezing of the U.S. loan guaranties to Israel, would have unleashed the Jewish Zionist establishment against him. The fact that he lost to Bill Clinton (who opposed Bush's freeze, and who stated that Israel was the ""only country that paid back its debts"") indicated that American Jewish Zionists had finally reached their objective: To perfect ways to control the U.S. politics from the inside . In retrospect, it can be said that George H. W. Bush was the last non-Zionist American president. From Bill Clinton forward, U.S. presidents and their vice president became pawns in the Jewish Zionist play of power.
Now, as the United States was preparing for war with Iraq to ""liberate"" Kuwait, thousands of antiwar activists and intellectuals from a wide spectrum of political convictions spoke loudly against it. But no one could have ever beaten Patrick J. Buchanan's memorable words about how American Jewish Zionists and Israel were pushing for that war. He said, ''There are only two groups that are beating the drums for war in the Middle East - the Israeli Defense Ministry and its amen corner .'' [2] With that, Buchanan hit the proverbial nail on the head. A.M. Rosenthal, a ringleader of U.S. Zionist journalism could not bear what he heard. In a rebuttal, he unleashed an acerbic attack against Buchanan. His weapon of argument, so to speak, was the stale and trite accusation of ""antisemitism"".
Whining, Rosenthal twisted Buchanan's clear words and went on to imply that Buchanan was in effect engaging in an ""anti-Jewish"" tirade. He re-interpreted Buchanan's words and cast them in a standard Zionistic fashion. He wrote that Buchanan's intention was ''The Jews are trying to drag us into war. Only Jews want war. Israeli Jews want war to save Israel's hide. American Jews who talk of military action against Iraq want war because it would suit Israeli interests. They are willing to spill American blood for Israeli interests."" [3]
By inserting the word, ""Jew"" in his reply, Rosenthal and the New York Times behind him spat on the face of U.S. political reality under the tight grip of Zionism. We need not waste our breath on Rosenthal's petty tactic. His clear objective was to distract from the central issue, which is, Buchanan's opposition to the planned war against Iraq was unrelated to the religious denomination of those who were promoting it. Rather he was unmistakably referring to their political identity.
Still, Buchanan was honest. He pointed the finger to Israel and its ""Amen corner"" because that was the truth. The fact that most Israelis and ""Amen corners"" happened to be of Jewish faith was nonissue. To conclude, it is evident that Buchanan, a dreamer of an American ""republic"" not ""empire"", could not stand by idle while seeing the United States sheepishly fastened to the yoke of Zionism and gutlessly prostrating before a tiny settler state, Israel.
Buchanan did not stop there. Truthful and resolute, he dared to describe in categorical terms the pitiful condition of the U.S. Congress vis-à-vis Israel and American Jewish Zionists. He dubbed it as ""An Israeli-occupied territory"" [4]. Buchanan powerfully hit the target in such a way that countless cowardly American politicians would dare not think, let alone say. Notice that Buchanan had placed Israel before its U.S. ""amen corner"". I view this as a statement. He clearly implied that Israel is the primary decision maker. Did that also imply that U.S. Zionist groups (amen corner) are puppets moved by Israel? Most likely, if so, which has more power in setting the U.S. world agenda and policies: Israel or American Jewish Zionists? Dialectically, the answer should be Israel by means of its ""amen corner'.
Now, in December 1991, Jim Lehrer (a former co-anchor of The Macneil/Lehrer NewsHour, and later sole anchor of The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer ) interviewed Pat Buchanan. It is important to mention, that Jim Lehrer has monopolized a significant position funded by federal tax money for over 30 years starting in 1975. Is that an issue? Yes, and to debate it, the following applies. Whenever a specific group of people, be they Christian, Muslim, Jewish, atheist, duopoly party apparatchiks, etc., keeps an important public post for such a long duration, the implication is unescapable: the group controls that post because of its embedded importance. . . . But more important, they have the power to keep it.
Nonetheless, when a specific group continues to hold, throughout time, important positions inside public corporations, agencies, and branches of the U.S. government, a paradigm emerges. Either the group controls said corporations directly—that is why it is able to do what they want. Or, it controls them indirectly by controlling first who appoints the board of trustees and sets corporate policies and appointees. At any rate, considering this type of control, the assumption that such group has power over the government and its public corporations is reasonable.
Additionally, the issue of monopoly of news is critical in another respect. It means that someone within the context of U.S. imperialism has decided that the U.S. public discourse must conform to predetermined patterns. In these patterns, issues such as Israel, Zionism, Palestine, U.S. imperialism in the Middle East, wars, etc., are designed to move only on linear grounds without ever touching the core of the matter.
Before continuing, I must state that Lehrer's political views are not a subject to discuss vis-à-vis his program. For one, the NewsHour program is not about the personal views of presenters—it is about information prepared for the public from a public corporation. Second, whether Lehrer had sympathies for Israel or Zionism is nonissue because most viewers expect neutral discussions regardless of who delivers them. Nevertheless, a situation such as this has a consequence affecting the special relations between the narrated news/comments, the people who deliver them, and the people who hear them.
Firstly, planning news delivery to attain specific results is a good technique for those in the business of indoctrination. Psychology and perception are the areas of expertise that news planners depend on to disseminate certain news and analyses. To be sure, these planners know that most viewers have no special or personal stakes on events happening in other countries. Still, the immediate consequence that controlled news and commentaries could generate is easy to predict. They also know they can seep to the viewers pre-conceived ideas through pleasant dialogs, affable manners, appearance of neutrality, and clever circumlocutions.
To be fair to Lehrer, he was consistent in making intelligent questions. However, he was also consistent at doing something else. He would calibrate his questions in such a way as not to reveal new truths or solicit critical replies that could go beyond boundaries deliberately conceived so as not to be crossed. It is pragmatic to say that the observance of these boundaries would nicely serve the Zionist and imperialist discourse. In essence, a practice thusly followed is a preemptive mechanism of control cloaked as a professional presentation.
Now, in his interview, Lehrer played dumb when he asked Buchanan about his bold characterization of the Congress. He phrased his question as follows, ""You have also said that Congress is an Israeli-occupied territory. Now, what do you mean by that ?"" [Italics are mine]
COMMENT: Semantically as much as politically, Buchanan's figure of speech was terse and unequivocal. He plainly meant that the Congress observes Israel's agenda and acts accordingly. There was no need for Buchanan to say anything further because what he said had (and still has) basis in verifiable facts. With a question such as, ""what do you mean by that"" Lehrer was not seeking a rational reply from Buchanan. The form and content of the question had the objective of wanting to entrap Buchanan, make him retract, or at least contradict himself to show inconsistency. In essence, Lehrer had simply tried to deny that Israel controls the Congress through its ""amen corner"" because his ""what do you mean"" indicated astonishment rather than request for explanation. [5]
To wrap up the issue, without exclusion, any denial of the Jewish Zionist control of the United States is a farce. Take Abraham H. Foxman of the infamous Anti-Defamation League as an example. Foxman authored a master‑deceptive propaganda book that he called, "" The Deadliest Lies : The Israeli Lobby and the Myth of Jewish Control. [Italics are mine]. First, Foxman lied. He knew very well that the Jewish [Zionist] control is not a myth but a pervasive reality. Second, but most important, the problem is not the abstract ""Jewish control"" but the specific—Jewish Zionist control. This can be explained using a current universal truth: hundreds of thousands of Jews from all nationalities actively oppose Zionism on political, religious, ethical, historical, and ideological grounds.
Foxman's denial means one of two things. Either he is a parochial charlatan when the subject is the undisputed power of American Jewish Zionism, or he is very ignorant of the history of Zionism , which is impossible. Either way, Foxman's business is propaganda, demagogy, and deception. Incidentally, Foxman's denial looks very similar to what some Arabs do in the Middle East. Villagers—but even some city folks—try to fend off ""envy"" by following an eon-old superstition. They fix a drawing on a wall in their shops or homes showing the palm of an open hand with an open eye in its center. It appears that Foxman and his associates have their own superstition. By decrying the ""deadliest lies"" against American Jewish Zionists, they try to fend off the accusation or the ""envy"" that Jews—specifically, Jewish Zionists—have power and influence.
Of substance, did Foxman not learn or did anyone inform him about what John Foster Dulles told William Knowland (a pro-Zionist senator from California) back in February 1957? In an exchange about the proposed sanctions to get Israel out of Egyptian territory occupied by Israel in the Suez War, Dulles pronounced these prophetic words, ""We cannot have all our policies made in Jerusalem . . ."" [6]. That was in 1957. Today, all those who deride or deny the charge that Israel has a say on U.S. foreign policy and wars in the Middle East must prove that those who are making this charge are misinformed or just lying.
Interestingly, years after Buchanan made that statement, the successive events proved his sharp assessment and political perspicacity. Two people vindicated his characterization of Capitol Hills as an Israeli-occupied territory"" and both used his words to make the point. The first is a former CIA officer Philip Giraldi, and the second is Philip Weiss, founder of MondoWeiss Website. In an article he wrote in 2011, Giraldi pointed to the Congress as, "" It’s Still Occupied Territory "". Weiss titled a piece he wrote in 2015 as such: "" Capitol Hill — still Israeli-occupied territory "".
At this point, do American Jewish Zionists control the United States? Do they control it as polity or only the political system? Do they have real influence in setting U.S. foreign policy and wars against the Arab and Muslim nations? Or maybe all this talk is no more than baseless allegations?
NEXT
Part 2: Discussion
Part 3: Interview with Francis Boyle
Part 4: Interview with James Petras
Part 5: Interview with Kim Petersen
NOTES
Jimmy carter, Speaking frankly about Israel and Palestine , Los Angeles Times, 8 December 2006 Pat Buchanan, The McLaughlin Group, Aug 26, 1990, Quote: d in the Washington Report on Middle East Affairs, What They Said: Israel and Its ""Amen Corner"" , February 1992 ON MY MIND; Forgive Them Not , The New York Times, 14 September 1990 Quote: d in the Washington Report on Middle East Affairs, Is Congress an Israeli-Occupied Territory ?, July 1995 The Washington Report on Middle East Affairs, What They Said: Israel and Its ""Amen Corner"" , Feb. 1992 David Tal, editor, The 1956 War: Collusion and Rivalry in the Middle East, Frank Cass Publishers, 2001, p. 40",0
16263,"Immigrants, the Poor and Minorities Gain Sharply Under Affordable Care Act - The New York Times","LOS ANGELES  —   The first full year of the Affordable Care Act brought historic increases in coverage for   workers and others who have long been left out of the health care system, a New York Times analysis has found. Immigrants of all backgrounds  —   including more than a million legal residents who are not citizens  —   had the sharpest rise in coverage rates. Hispanics, a coveted group of voters this election year, accounted for nearly a third of the increase in adults with insurance. That was the single largest share of any racial or ethnic group, far greater than their 17 percent share of the population.   workers, who did not have enough clout in the labor market to demand insurance, saw sharp increases. Coverage rates jumped for cooks, dishwashers, waiters, as well as for hairdressers and cashiers. Minorities, who disproportionately worked in   jobs, had large gains. The health care law was one of the most bitterly contested pieces of legislation in the country’s history. It remains controversial because of its costs to both taxpayers and insurance customers. The high premiums and high deductibles of many plans still make coverage a crushing financial burden for some families. And the law is not close to achieving the goal of universal coverage, in part because 19 states have declined to expand their Medicaid programs for the poor, an option the Supreme Court granted them in a landmark 2012 case. Nevertheless, the Times’s analysis shows that by the end of that first full year, 2014, so many   people gained coverage that it halted the   expansion of the gap between the haves and the   in the American health insurance system, a striking change at a time when disparities between rich and poor are growing in many areas. “The law has clearly reduced broad measures of inequality,” said David Cutler, an economics professor at Harvard, who served in the Clinton administration and advised the 2008 Obama campaign on health issues. “These are people who blend into the background of the economy. They are cleaning your hotel room, making your sandwich. The law has helped this population enormously. ” Until now, the impact of the law has been measured mostly in broad numbers of newly insured people  —   about 20 million by the administration’s most recent account. But the Times’s analysis of census data from 2014, the first year the heart of the law was in full effect, provides a finely detailed look at who the newly insured actually are  —   by race, education, occupation, immigration status, and family structure. The analysis shows how the law lifted some of the most vulnerable citizens.   workers gained insurance at a higher rate than   workers, and people with high school degrees gained it at double the rate of college graduates. Adults living in households headed by relatives, such as siblings or cousins  —   often a marker of economic distress  —   gained insurance at double the rate of those in traditional households. The law’s passage, without a single Republican vote, capped decades of efforts to enact a broader health insurance system. Medicaid and Medicare passed in the 1960s, but did little to help workers who did not receive insurance through their jobs. Presidents Nixon, Carter and Clinton all tried and failed to win approval for expanded coverage, and the number of uninsured Americans grew to nearly a fifth of adults under the age of 65 by 2010, the year the Affordable Care Act passed. The findings from the census data could inform the national dialogue, especially in this election year. Hispanics are a powerful voting force and the law is viewed favorably in Hispanic neighborhoods. But whether the sharp increase in coverage rates for Hispanics will translate into votes for Democrats who supported the law, or whether some Republicans might temper their vows to repeal it, is not clear. And the fact that so many who benefited under the law were not citizens (or voters)  —   1. 2 million out of the total 8. 7 million who got health insurance in 2014  —   could set off a new round of debate in a year when immigration has become a deeply polarizing issue. About 60 percent of those noncitizens were Hispanic, mostly natives of Mexico and Central America who had been living in the United States for decades. Another third were Asian, mostly newer arrivals living in states like California, New York and Texas. Illegal immigrants are not eligible for insurance under the law, but legal immigrants can qualify for subsidies in the insurance exchanges and those who have been in the country for more than five years can qualify for Medicaid. The vast majority of the country’s 11 million illegal immigrants, about 70 percent of whom are Hispanic, still lack coverage, said Mark Hugo Lopez, director of Hispanic research at the Pew Research Center. Though the law has withstood two Supreme Court rulings that would have undermined its central elements, it continues to face challenges. It requires most Americans to have health insurance and gives subsidies to those who cannot afford it. Even so, many still cannot afford policies. While it expanded Medicaid to cover more of the country’s poor, the Supreme Court allowed states to opt out and 19 have, leaving millions of people still uncovered. But in   neighborhoods like this one in South Los Angeles, a historically poor patch of the city dotted with palm trees, small ranch houses and home to a growing Hispanic population, the law is having a big effect. “From the vantage point of the poor and working poor, Obamacare has been profound,” said Jim Mangia, president of the St. John’s Well Child and Family Center, a federally funded health clinic in South Los Angeles that has enrolled 18, 000 new patients under the law, nearly all of them Hispanic or black and the vast majority in Medicaid. The clinic reported a 44 percent increase in cervical cancer screenings, a 25 percent increase in tobacco cessation therapy, and a 22 percent increase in the share of patients with controlled hypertension since 2014, the result, he said, of more patients having insurance. One new patient, Angela Cruz, 60, is a typical example of a winner under the law. A legal immigrant who is not a citizen, she came to this country from El Salvador in 1990. She had never had health insurance in her 25 years of working in the United States, most recently as a nanny. She stitched together medical care through emergency rooms, free clinics and home remedies. When she needed to pay for medicine for a painful bout of kidney stones, she stopped buying meat. Then she got coverage under the health law’s expansion of Medicaid in California. Now, she said, “I don’t have the stress of wondering  —   can I pay this  —   when sometimes I didn’t have anything to pay it with. ” Hispanics remain the least insured Americans, with only 67 percent having coverage in 2014, in part because so many illegal immigrants are uninsured. Gains for blacks were muted because they disproportionately live in states that chose not to expand Medicaid. About 60 percent of poor blacks live in states that did not expand Medicaid. While the share of poor blacks covered by Medicaid did rise by two percentage points in those states, the rate rose by six points in states that expanded the program. In all, minorities gained more than whites, making up   of the increase in insured adults across the country, and 70 percent of the increase in private insurance. Minority men who work as groundskeepers and janitors saw substantial gains, rising to 59 percent insured, up from 51 percent in 2013. Hispanic male construction workers rose to 43 percent insured, from 36 percent in 2013. One such worker, Sergio Ortega, 51, a legal immigrant from Mexico who had never been insured before getting covered by Medicaid in 2014, said making a doctor’s appointment seemed unthinkable without insurance, so he often simply ignored his health problems. Several years ago, he started feeling tired, a condition that eventually drove him to quit his job demolishing buildings and start selling fruit from a street cart. By the time he sought treatment through his new coverage and discovered he had diabetes, his lower leg had to be amputated. “I realized it was getting really bad because my foot started turning purple,” said Mr. Ortega, who is a patient at St. John’s. Perhaps the biggest unmet promise of the law is that many it was supposed to help still cannot afford insurance. Alberto Torres, 50, a driver for a garment company in Los Angeles who could not afford insurance before the law, had signed up for a plan in 2014 for $41 a month. But this year his monthly premium jumped to $106  —   too much, he said, for his meager salary. “I’m feeling not so good,” he said recently, waiting in line for help to look for a less expensive plan. High deductibles are another big obstacle. “If you are living paycheck to paycheck and have nothing in the bank, insurance with a $3, 000 deductible might feel like no insurance at all,” said Larry Levitt, a senior vice president of the Kaiser Family Foundation. Having insurance does not necessarily mean better health, but experts hope it could start to ease some of the worst disparities that have kept the United States close to the bottom of health rankings of rich countries. Mr. Ortega has been fitted for a prosthetic leg. He is still learning how to use it. “Now I don’t worry,” he said. “It’s a security, a comfort that I feel. ”",0
16264,"Syrian War Report – October 28, 2016: Militants Make Do-Or-Die Attempt to Break Aleppo Siege","Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. Name:",0
16265,"A Funeral for a Fire Chief, 15 Years After He Died on 9/11 - The New York Times","The printers buzzed to life in every firehouse in New York City last week, and each spit out an identical bulletin. It bore the worst sort of news the Fire Department must relay to its members, the Code    . A death in the line of duty. “With regret, the department announces the death of Battalion Chief Lawrence T. Stack,” the note read, “as a result of injuries sustained while operating at Manhattan Box   . ” That box number was grimly familiar to all firefighters. It was followed by the time of the call from that box  —   8:47 a. m.  —   and the date: “September 11, 2001. ” The announcement and the “four fives,” as the code is known, had not, until now, been made for Chief Stack for an important reason: His remains had not been found. For his family, this is the end of a frustrating and ultimately fruitless wait of nearly 15 years. Chief Stack, 58, had served almost 33 years. His funeral will be held Friday at SS. Philip and James Church in St. James on Long Island, with the expansive pageantry and huge turnout of firefighters and officers that accompany all departmental ceremonies. Its timing this week, alongside the first funerals of the shooting victims in Orlando, Fla. is accidental, but weighted, bringing an added poignancy. As the country mourns the latest victims of a terrorist attack on its soil, a funeral in New York lays to rest another. Chief Stack’s family came to learn where and how he perished that day. But they put off the funeral, hoping that some trace of him would be identified from what was recovered at ground zero. “Weeks turned into months,” said Lt. Michael Stack, 46, one of Chief Stack’s two sons, both firefighters. “Months turned into years. Two years turned into five, turned into 10. Now it’s 15. ” The Catholic funeral Mass requires the presence of remains of the deceased. This requirement was satisfied, unknowingly, by Chief Stack, in an act of generosity 18 months before his death. “Mom came home and said: ‘There’s a little boy in East Islip and he has cancer. I’m going to donate blood. He needs it,’” Lieutenant Stack recalled. Chief Stack joined his wife, Theresa. He added his name to the bone marrow registry as a possible donor on March 6, 2000, and, in doing so, gave a blood sample for type matching. Chief Stack’s marrow was not a match for an immediate transplant, and the blood sample was put into cold storage. On the morning of Sept. 11, 2001, Chief Stack was in his office in Brooklyn near the waterfront, filling out a report on a recent fatal fire that brought three Code     transmissions. That fire, in an Astoria warehouse on June 17, 2001, became known for the day it happened: the Father’s Day fire. Word arrived at the office immediately after the first plane hit the north tower of the World Trade Center. Chief Stack and others hurried to the roof with binoculars. They saw the second plane strike the south tower. “He lowered his binoculars and said, ‘Guys, I think they’re going to need us,’” Lieutenant Stack said, recalling what he has been told of that day. Chief Stack and others hurried to the scene. He wound up in the lobby of the Marriott World Trade Center, which was being evacuated. Wreckage collapsed into the lobby, nearly striking Chief Stack and leaving him momentarily trapped, his coat stuck. He wiggled free and left the coat behind. It would be recovered three months later. “A lieutenant came up to him and said, ‘Can you help me? I was with someone, and I can’t find him,’” Lieutenant Stack said. “They go back to this collapsed mess and start calling his name out. ” They heard a faint voice in the rubble  —   the missing man, a firefighter. The lieutenant grabbed his ankles, and Chief Stack grabbed the lieutenant’s, and they pulled the firefighter out. “My dad is like, ‘It’s time to leave, we’ve got to get out of here,’” Lieutenant Stack said. They stepped outside. “You can see bodies jumping, falling. My dad said, ‘There’s the command post. Go there. ’” Those firefighters, who lived to tell this to Lieutenant Stack, did so. Chief Stack stopped. He had come across a fallen businessman from Iowa, injured. The firefighters looked back as the north tower fell. “The last thing they remember seeing is my dad on one knee with this man,” Lieutenant Stack said. “Staying with him. ” Lieutenant Stack hurried to the World Trade Center site that day. “I came up, and I go, ‘Oh my God,’” he said. “It was just so vast. So big. ” He knew from the accounts of others that his father was dead, and he returned to the pit, day after day. “Dig and look, search, hope,” he said. “That’s what I had in mind. I’m going to find him. ” Nothing. “I always wanted that department phone call,” saying remains had been found, he said. The family visited a memorial site in Hauppauge, N. Y. on his birthday and sang to him. But it wasn’t like visiting a grave. Finally, last year, Mrs. Stack said enough. “She drew a line in the sand where she said, ‘We’re not doing it past 15 years,’” Lieutenant Stack said. The Office of Chief Medical Examiner has identified 65 percent of remains recovered from the World Trade Center. The rest is damaged enough that current identification technology is of no use, and remains in storage. The New York Blood Center examined its list of donors after Sept. 11, and discovered that 143 firefighters who died that day had signed up to be marrow donors, most of them while still in training as rookies. The center notified the families, and set aside their blood samples over the years, it has given the small vials of blood to some relatives. Some put the vials in their freezers at home. Some bury them at funerals, as with Firefighter Michael Paul Ragusa in 2003. Mrs. Stack and her sons visited the blood center last year. The center located Chief Stack’s blood in a storage facility in Minnesota. The vial will be buried on Friday at Calverton National Cemetery in recognition of Chief Stack’s service in the United States Navy. “We will have someplace to go,” Mrs. Stack, 71, said on Thursday. The family chose June 17 because it would have been the Stacks’ 49th wedding anniversary. Coincidentally, it is the 15th anniversary of the Father’s Day fire, the event front and center on Chief Stack’s mind before the first plane hit. It is the first funeral for a firefighter killed that day in 10 years. “My mother, she just wanted a nice, small Catholic Mass,” Lieutenant Stack said. He and his brother, Brian, took this idea to Commissioner Daniel A. Nigro in May. “He said, ‘We’re doing it the right way,’” Lieutenant Stack said. “‘We’re going to have a funeral. ’” There would be full departmental honors. “Brian and I looked at each other like, ‘Mom’s not going to like this,’” Lieutenant Stack said. “But in the weeks since, it feels right. ” He noted the timing of the Orlando massacre. “Who knew the war was going to come to us on Sept. 11?” he said. “No one knew the war was coming. And then we wake up June 12 and find out the war is still here. ”",0
16266,Democrats May Get A 2 For 1 Special As Trump Defeat Could Take Out Paul Ryan,"By Jason Easley on Thu, Oct 27th, 2016 at 12:16 pm Rep. Paul Ryan could be out of a job after the election, as divided House Republicans are already plotting to fire their Speaker if Trump's defeat triggers a big enough loss of House seats. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Rep. Paul Ryan could be out of a job after the election, as divided House Republicans are already plotting to fire their Speaker if Trump’s defeat triggers a big enough loss of House seats. 
If Democrats pick up 15 House seats or more, Speaker Ryan is going to have a major problem because his job will be in jeopardy. Politico reported that Ryan’s enemies in the House Freedom Caucus are divided over whether or not to support him. 
Conservative House Republicans are plotting with one another and openly pining for Ryan’s ouster because he refuses to change the House rules to all more conservative legislation to be passed. The Hill is also reporting that conservativeHouse Republicans are deeply divided on keeping Ryan, but Donald Trump could be the wild card that mobilizing an opposition effort to the Speaker, “The businessman has repeatedly criticized Ryan’s leadership and was stung after the Speaker said he would not longer defend Trump after a 2005 tape emerged in which the GOP nominee speaks lewdly about groping and kissing women. Win or lose on Nov. 8, Trump could put pressure on House Republicans to oppose Ryan in a speakership contest.” 
Ryan is certain to be leading a smaller House majority in January. The size of Trump’s defeat on election day will help decide how many seats Republicans lose. 
Eight of the nine House Republicans who cast votes against Ryan for Speaker initially will still be around to vote against him again in January. 
Those close to Ryan say that he would step down as Speaker before getting into a protracted fight with his own party, but the walls are closing in on Speaker Ryan. 
The damage Trump is causing isn’t limited to their White House dreams. Trump may also cost Paul Ryan his job as Speaker of the House.",0
16267,Democratic Convention Day 4 Takeaways: Over? She’s Just Starting - The New York Times,"PHILADELPHIA  —   Hillary Clinton stepped into history. Her daughter, Chelsea, lent a hand. And supporters of Bernie Sanders packed up their signs, some of his admirers still unmoved by Mrs. Clinton as the clock ran out on the Democratic National Convention. Our takeaways from the convention’s final night: Bill Clinton took pains this week to cast his wife as a “change maker. ” You will not hear Mrs. Clinton object. But under the brightest spotlight of an election brimming with outsider fervor  —   powering Donald J. Trump to the Republican nomination and Mr. Sanders to unexpected success  —   Mrs. Clinton presented herself as something different. She is a creature of the system and unapologetic about her résumé. “Sometimes the people at this podium are new to the national stage,” she said, preparing to tick off her many titles. “I am not one of those people. ” It is a gambit premised in part on her atypical Republican opponent  —   and a hope that promises of incremental change might sound more palatable when the alternative is viewed as truly dangerous. “I sweat the details,” Mrs. Clinton said. Voters might not. But she is betting, at least, that they think someone should. Demonstrations inside and outside the convention hall this week made clear that Mrs. Clinton had some work to do to persuade at least some   supporters of Mr. Sanders. On Thursday, she seemed to acknowledge as much, quickly addressing them directly with a simple message: I hear you. “Your cause is our cause,” she said, thanking Mr. Sanders for placing issues of economic and social justice “front and center, where they belong. ” Total unity has been elusive, and could remain so. As Mrs. Clinton accepted the nomination, some Sanders delegates stood   occasionally booing or silently protesting. During the Republican primary race, Mr. Trump’s proposed ban on Muslim immigration appeared to do nothing but help at the polls, even as rivals objected with varying degrees of outrage. Democrats appear convinced they can win the argument among the wider electorate. And they may have found their most potent voice: Khizr Khan, an American Muslim whose son, Humayun S. M. Khan, was killed in Iraq. In a stirring address, his stoicism building to a controlled simmer, Mr. Khan challenged Mr. Trump on behalf of “patriotic American Muslims” everywhere. “You have sacrificed nothing,” Mr. Khan said, his wife standing silently beside him, “and no one. ” For organizers, the choice to showcase Mr. Khan amounted to a pointed dare: Are these people not American enough for you, Mr. Trump? Mr. Trump has presented himself as something of a     plan, arguing that he is the lone force standing between the United States and   dystopia. Republican leaders have accused Democrats of giving terrorism issues short shrift in Philadelphia. But as Thursday’s slate made clear, Mrs. Clinton’s team believes that Mr. Trump, with his scattershot defense policies and often erratic statements, has supplied an opportunity. For much of the evening, matters of public safety took center stage, with testimony from a retired Marine general  —   to chants of “U. S. A. !”  —   a Texas sheriff and the relatives of fallen officers. It was consistent with a theme of the week: No presumed Republican motif  —   from an emphasis on national defense to conspicuous invocations of faith to warm quotations of Ronald Reagan  —   is safe from Democratic encroachment in the age of Trump. In her presidential runs, Mrs. Clinton has at times struggled with how, and how often, to highlight her gender. No more. First Chelsea Clinton paid tribute to her maternal compassion, saying that Mrs. Clinton’s own mother would be proud. Then Mrs. Clinton, calling herself “my mother’s daughter and my daughter’s mother,” stopped to cheer her nomination as “a milestone in our nation’s march toward a more perfect union. ” There is a risk in turning off male voters, with whom she has fared poorly in surveys. Mrs. Clinton argued explicitly that they, too, had a stake in her success, whether or not they recognized it. “When any barrier falls in America,” she said, “it clears the way for everyone. ”",0
16268,GOP Sen Fischer: ’Obamacare Failed Because It Took Choices Away’ - Breitbart,"During Saturday’s GOP Weekly Address, Senator Deb Fischer ( ) stated, “Obamacare failed because it took choices away from patients and families. It took choices away from all of us. Well, it’s time to get our choices, our control, back so we can promote our health and wellness. ”[Transcript (via ABC News Radio) as Follows:  “Hi, I’m Deb Fischer, United States Senator from the great state of Nebraska. When I hear from patients and their families about Obamacare, they tell me the law is a broken promise. They couldn’t keep the plan they liked. Or the doctor they trusted. Their costs shot up, not down. Jim, a grandfather from Grand Island, Nebraska, says this: ‘Our kids’ new insurance premiums went up 36 percent, which is over 50 percent of their income  …    This leaves my grandkids with no insurance.’ Tim from Kearney, Nebraska saw his health insurance premium jump 60 percent. Obamacare’s financial cost is  . But it has another, hidden cost. One you can’t count with dollars and cents. It’s an emotional toll. The worry that comes from a lack of control. How many of you have seen your health care costs increase? How many of those you know have lost their health care? In November, the American people said, ‘Enough.’ They asked us to stop the hurt. This week, the Senate answered: we voted to put the tools in place to repeal Obamacare. Now, we will begin the process of putting the American people in charge of their health care. Congress will work with the  ’s administration to put patients and families first  —   not Washington. We will work for a stable transition period to protect families. We will fight for patients with   conditions, children, parents, and people who need to be protected. Our goal is a   sustainable solution that gives patients flexibility and choices in their coverage. Obamacare failed because it took choices away from patients and families. It took choices away from all of us. Well, it’s time to get our choices, our control, back so we can promote our health and wellness. We Americans believe in freedom. Of speech. Of religion. Why not in health care too? Freedom is powerful. It made thirteen tiny colonies the greatest nation on earth. It took a man to the moon. It cured polio. We’re on the path now to giving families freedom in health care. To restoring choice and control. To delivering compassionate,   personalized care that treats people like people, not numbers. Sadly, Democrats in Washington have stated their plan is to frighten Americans about this process. That kind of   attitude, peddling dread and pushing anxiety, will not help the American people. It’s time to move forward. Let’s put this failed law behind us and focus on making life easier for families. The American people deserve health care reform done the right way and for the right reasons. I am committed to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to deliver the results the American people need and deserve. It’s the right thing to do. Thanks for listening. Thank you, and God bless. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
16269,Harry Potter and the Nipple Pumps - Culture Minister to consider Ban,"Topics: Harry Potter , Culture Sunday, 13 November 2016 
Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, Karen Bradley, has been asked by MPs to reconsider approval of the printing of J.K. Rowling's latest novel, 'Harry Potter and the Nipple Pumps'. 
""OK"", explained the Culture Secretary, ""BDSM is spreading, I guess, especially if you look to Westminster, and they've all grown up, and I can see Rowling's open mind here. Hagrid as perpetrator, or the executor, of bondage ceremonies in his little bungalow. And the discipline, dominance and submission rituals exerted by teaching staff. However, sadism and masochism on the part of pupils is somewhat disturbing though I would like to see the screen version for assessment purposes only, of course...."" 
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is taken to a new level by Rowling, with Hagrid tormenting and torturing his beloved schoolkids, and Ron Weasly being forced to solitary confinement: he has to watch endless repeats of Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. Sadism in the extreme. 
Hermine Granger, stretched out with wrist and ankle restraints, is subjected to speeches by Donald Trump and Tony Blair, while Harry Potter is revealed as a masochistic freak, locking himeslf into a time warp zone with Gary Glitter. 
""It's pretty hefty stuff, but....well, I like it,"" commented Bradley. ""It's different. I mean, we all had to handle Nigel Farage for months, so this is really nothing in particular. And, you should see what we get up to at our Cabinet meetings "" Make T. Loaf's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
16270,Fans Flock to Town That Inspired ‘Gilmore Girls’ - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON, Conn.  —   In 1999, a television writer named Amy   vacationed at the Mayflower Grace, a   inn built high on a hill here. In true Hollywood fashion, Ms.   returned to her hometown, Los Angeles, and from her brief visit spun Stars Hollow  —   a charming New England small town with its own resident troubadour. Stars Hollow would become the setting for “Gilmore Girls,” her cultishly popular   dramedy that ran for seven seasons on the WB (and later the CW). Last weekend, more than 1, 300 fans, most of them women, many of them mothers and daughters, descended on this rural town in western Connecticut (population: 3, 500) for the first Gilmore Girls Fan Fest. They had come from Oklahoma and Minnesota and as far away as Brazil  —   and paid as much as $250 per ticket  —   to see the “real” Stars Hollow and meet some of the actors who play its residents. In a way, they wanted to do the impossible: to experience in waking life a dream town built on a studio backlot. In Stars Hollow, for instance, it would not have been chilly and pouring rain, and the community green would not have become a mud field. There would have been a gazebo in the center of town, something Washington Depot, one of the villages within the town, conspicuously lacks. But faced with these and other realities, the attendees cheerily persevered. They stood holding umbrellas in a line that stretched clear out the door of the Hickory Stick Bookshop to get signed copies of the cookbook “Eat Like a Gilmore” by Kristi Carlson. They queued up in droves on the plaza to get a selfie with the   character Jackson (Jackson Douglas). They gathered in front of the stately town hall building, where three Gilmore cast members made an impromptu appearance on the steps to sing an acoustic rendition of “Where You Lead,” the show’s theme song. Brittany White, 31, a schoolteacher, drove two hours from Rhode Island with her mother, Nancy. She was carrying a coffee mug she made that read “Luke’s,” a reference to the greasy spoon diner run by the show’s resident heartthrob, Luke Danes. Both women were on a high from having just met Kirk, another Stars Hollow resident. “This is Stars Hollow for us,” Brittany White said. “I keep saying that little food market is like Doose’s Market. Even the hardware store”  —   the Washington Supply Company  —   “is amazing. ” Sean Gunn, who played Kirk, was one of 20 or so actors and crew members to fly in for the fan fest (he hosted a cat adoption at 9 a. m. on Saturday). He believes the lasting popularity of “Gilmore Girls,” which went off the air nine years ago but will return next month with new episodes on Netflix, is due in part to the community togetherness it presents. Stars Hollow, Mr. Gunn said, is “an idealized version of the way a small town could function. ” The town of Lorelai Gilmore, a single mom, and her daughter, Rory, has a walkable main street lined with   businesses, a manicured village square, an   soda shop, a cozy inn, a decent public high school, a “Churchogogue” for both Christian and Jewish worshipers, and a citizenry of quirky, literate, engaged residents who participate in local government. It is a civic formula that has proved elusive for fans who have sought a   version to move to. Amy Do, a videographer and graphic designer who lives in the Bay Area, spent a week two years ago   around Connecticut, including in Washington Depot, a quest she chronicled on her blog, Finding Stars Hollow. “I went during Christmastime because I thought it would give me a good magical feel with the towns blanketed in snow,” Ms. Do said, adding that each place she visited lacked some crucial element. “I noticed these main streets had a couple of boutiques here and there, but there wasn’t a diner where you could get a burger,” she said. “Or there weren’t people walking around. In Stars Hollow, you always see people walking around. ” (Indeed, they’re called extras.) Vanessa Marano, another former cast member who was at the fan fest, is aware of the illusory quality of Stars Hollow whenever she auditions on the Warner Bros. lot in Burbank, Calif. where the set remains more or less intact. “It does look like a small town,” Ms. Marano said, “but you know you’re on a set because there’s equipment everywhere. ” Washington Depot does not have a strollable main street or a diner either, but since it is where Ms.   stayed, it was the natural setting for a gathering of the Gilmores. The festival was dreamed up by Jennie Whitaker and her husband, Marcus, fans of the series who run a public relations firm based in Austin, Tex. As frequently happens in Connecticut, they were stuck in traffic near Hartford during a road trip this past summer and got to wondering about Washington Depot and why it had never honored its claim to   fame. Back home, Ms. Whitaker contacted the town’s board of selectmen and soon found herself sitting in Washington Depot’s town hall and meeting with its community leaders, many of whom were men over 65 who had never watched the show. “There are many cults to which I have been drawn, but this was not one,” said Dan Sherr, 75, a resident who met with the Whitakers and supported their idea. While the head selectman, Mark Lyon, eventually gave the Whitakers approval for the festival, he and the others were doubtful that anyone would show up. There were also some residents opposed to the festival altogether. But “we sold out the event in 10½ hours,” Ms. Whitaker said. “People have wanted something like this for so long. ” As if aware they were suddenly extras in a large production, many of the town’s residents, particularly its savvier business owners, threw themselves into the festival. Jim Kelly turned over his law firm office to serve as a media hub and cast green room, while Liz Page offered free homemade chili and cornbread outside her gift shop, Newbury Place. Thanks to his       resemblance to Luke, Ms. Page’s brawny husband, Alan, found himself wildly popular as he manned the slow cooker. Jay Combs, an owner of the Washington Supply Company, set up a Formica table with place settings and transformed a corner of the hardware store into Luke’s Diner. All day, the   shop owner greeted   Lorelais and Rorys, borrowing their smartphones and trudging outside in the rain to snap souvenir pictures of them through the   window. “The fans are nuts, but not in a crazy way,” Mr. Combs said. He added that “because I’m under siege, so to speak,” he and his wife, like many town residents, have been watching “Gilmore Girls” and are on Season 3 (the year Rory graduates from high school). Throughout the day, Mr. Combs did hear rumblings from some fans who were disappointed that Washington Depot did not look more like Stars Hollow. A theory circulated that Ms.   had taken aspects of several nearby towns (the gazebo in New Milford, the main street of Kent) and Frankensteined the mythic community. It’s a likely truth that Ms. Do, who did not attend the festival, had already discovered during her road trip. As in a wholesome TV show, though, in the end she learned a lesson. “It told me the only way to visit Stars Hollow,” Ms. Do said, “is to play an episode of ‘Gilmore Girls. ’”",0
16271,Prostate Cancer Study Details Value of Treatments - The New York Times,"A new study offers important information to men who are facing difficult decisions about how to treat prostate cancer in its early stages, or whether to treat it at all. Researchers followed patients for 10 years and found no difference in death rates between men who were picked at random to have surgery or radiation, or to rely on “active monitoring” of the cancer, with treatment only if it progressed. Death rates from the cancer were low over all: only about 1 percent of patients 10 years after diagnosis. But the disease was more likely to progress and spread in the men who opted for monitoring rather than for early treatment. And about half the patients in the study who had started out being monitored wound up having surgery or radiation. The patients are still being followed, which should reveal whether the death rate will eventually increase for the men assigned to monitoring. Doctors say the findings should help reassure men that surgery and radiation are equally reasonable choices in the early stages of the disease. “I can counsel patients better now,” Dr. Freddie C. Hamdy, a leader of the study from the University of Oxford, in England, said in an interview. “I can tell them very precisely, ‘Look, your risk of dying from cancer is very, very small. If you receive treatment you will get some benefit. It will reduce the disease from growing outside your prostate, but these are exactly the side effects you might expect. ’” Active monitoring involves regular clinic visits with physical exams of the prostate, periodic biopsies and blood tests for   antigen, or PSA, a substance that may indicate the disease is worsening. Between 40 and 50 percent of men with early prostate cancer in the United States now choose active monitoring. The study, published Wednesday in The New England Journal of Medicine, was the first to include detailed information from patients about the side effects of treatment. Men who had surgery to remove the prostate were the most likely to have lingering impotence and urinary incontinence. Those given radiation reported bowel problems after six months of treatment (usually with gradual improvement) but not urinary incontinence. Sexual function also diminished after radiation, but recovered somewhat. But there were no differences among the three groups in anxiety, depression or their feelings about how their health affected their quality of life. Dr. Peter T. Scardino, a prostate surgeon and chairman of the department of surgery at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York who was not involved in the study, said the research was important because there was little previous data comparing surgery, radiation and careful monitoring in men with early prostate cancer. Dr. Scardino said the findings helped confirm that active monitoring is a valuable approach for many men. He said that it was appropriate for a third to a half of men with early prostate cancers, and that only a third of those patients would need treatment within 10 years. But Dr. Scardino emphasized that the monitoring must be done regularly and with great care, for the rest of a patient’s life. He added that an important message from the study is that early prostate cancer is not an emergency, and men have time to decide what to do about it. Worldwide, there were 1. 1 million cases of prostate cancer and 307, 000 deaths from it in 2012, the latest year data were collected by the International Agency for Research on Cancer. In the United States, about 181, 000 cases and 26, 000 deaths are expected in 2016. The average age at diagnosis is 66 in the United States, and the disease rarely occurs in men under 40. Most men who have prostate cancer do not die from it, according to the American Cancer Society. The disease often grows very slowly  —   but not always. Some cases are potentially deadly, but tests cannot always tell which ones. The uncertainty leaves many men in a quandary, particularly because of the bowel, bladder and sexual problems from treatment. In 2012, the United States Preventive Services Task Force, an independent panel of experts picked by the government, recommended against routine screening for prostate cancer with the PSA test. The group said screening finds many tumors that may never have harmed the patient, and leads too many men into unneeded surgery or radiation, with their troubling side effects. Dr. Hamdy’s team set out to address the quandary. They studied 1, 643 patients in Britain ages 50 to 69 who had early prostate cancers, found with routine PSA testing and then a biopsy if the PSA was abnormal. All the cancers were localized, meaning they were confined to the prostate and had not spread to nearby tissue outside the gland, or to distant organs. The patients had PSA measurements of 3 or higher, and about three quarters had a Gleason score of 6 the rest had higher Gleason scores. Gleason scores are a measure of aggressiveness and range from 6 to 10 in cancers, with higher scores being worse. The patients were then assigned at random to one of three groups: A third had surgery, a third had radiation, and a third had active monitoring. Though death rates from the cancer did not differ, more men on active monitoring had progression. The disease spread to distant parts of the body in 33 men on monitoring, 13 who had surgery and 16 who had radiation. The differences were statistically significant. Other progression, to nearby tissue outside the prostate, was also more common with monitoring: 112 cases, compared with 46 each in the surgery and radiation groups. As time went on, more and more of the monitored patients wound up having treatment. Dr. Hamdy said not all those who left monitoring actually needed treatment. “We know that 80 percent of them had not shown signs of progression,” he said, adding that anxiety on the part of the patients or their doctors, or some suspicion of progression, may have pushed them into treatment. Robert Boulton, 76, a retired maker of rubber gloves, was initially assigned to active monitoring but switched to radiation treatment after four years, when his PSA went up. In an interview, he said two doctors recommended the treatment and one opposed it, so he went with the majority advice. He said his only side effect was what he called “man boobs,” swelling in the breast area from the hormonal treatment that is given along with radiation. “I’m feeling fine now,” he added. “No problems. ” Another patient, Douglas Collett, 73, was also assigned to active monitoring in 2008 and has stayed with it. When he was first told he had cancer, he wanted to get rid of it immediately, he said. But when he learned more about the disease and the side effects of treatment, waiting made more sense, and he actually felt relieved when he was picked for the monitoring arm of the study. He realizes the disease could progress, he said, and if it does he will probably have radiation to treat it. In the meantime, he said, “I’m fit as a flea. ”",0
16272,Iran Announces Opening of Underground Missile Factory for ’Forceful’ Development - Breitbart,"Iran announced on Thursday that another underground missile production facility is up and running, as it vowed to continue developing missile technology despite warnings from the United States and United Nations. [“Iran’s third underground factory has been built by the Guards in recent years  …     We will continue to further develop our missile capabilities forcefully,” said Iranian air forces commander Amirali Hajizadeh, as quoted by the UK Daily Mail.  “It is natural that our enemies America and the Zionist regime are angry with our missile programme because they want Iran to be in a weak position,” Hajizadeh added, referring to the United States and Israel. Reuters notes Hajizadeh stated the new facility would be Iran’s third underground missile factory. He said it was constructed over the course of “recent years,” but evidently did not specify exactly when it began producing weapons. “Along with improving our defense capabilities, we will continue our missile tests and missile production. The next missile to be produced is a    missile,” the Iranian commander said. The new missile series will be named “Dezful,” after the site of the largest tank battle in the   War. According to Hajizadeh, the name is meant to convey Iran’s commitment to avoiding ground wars by achieving missile superiority over its regional rivals. Iran’s Mehr news agency quotes Hajizadeh boasting of Iran’s   in missile production, and also its advances in drone technology and electronic warfare. “We will never forget the United States supported Saddam’s Baath regime in its war against Iran, shot down our passenger flight, backed MKO, created ISIL and fueled war in Syria, Iraq and Yemen,” he declared.  The passenger flight he referred to was Iran Air Flight 655, shot down by a U. S. Navy missile cruiser in 1988. “MKO” is the   Khalq Organization, an insurgent organization opposed to the government of Iran. A 2015 broadcast on Iranian television showed a network of tunnels with “   missiles on the back of trucks,” which was supposedly one of hundreds of underground bases supplied by Iran’s missile factories. Sky News notes the announcement of this new missile factory came only days after the White House called upon newly   Iranian President Hassan Rouhani to end Iran’s ballistic missile program.",0
16273,آخر إنسان حي منذ عام 1899! - RT Arabic,"آخر إنسان حي منذ عام 1899! 
تاريخ النشر: 26.10.2016 | 05:00 GMT | انسخ الرابط http://ar.rt.com/i5em أصبحت الإيطالية إيما مورانو رسميا أكبر معمرة على وجه الأرض بعد وفاة الأمريكية سوزانا موشات جونز، كونها تبلغ من العمر 116عاما. 
ولدت إيما في منطقة بييمونتي بشمال ايطاليا يوم 29 نوفمبر، 1899، وهي الآن تعيش في بلدة صغيرة على ضفاف بحيرة بالقرب من الحدود السويسرية، ورغم أن عمرها 116 عاما إلا أنها في حالة صحية جيدة. 
وقال الأطباء المشرفون على الحالة الصحية للمعمرة الإيطالية إن سبب طول عمرها يعود إلى نظامها الغذائي وحصولها على قدر كاف من النوم، حيث قالت إنها تتناول البسكويت مع الحليب أو الماء في وجبة الإفطار، ثم تتناول خلال اليوم بيضتين إحداهما نيئة والأخرى مطبوخة، طبقا لتعليمات الطبيب الذي نصحها بذلك بعد أن أخبرها أنها مصابة بالأنيميا وهي في العشرين من عمرها، أما وجبة الغداء فتتكون يوميا من ""الباستا"" الإيطالية مع اللحم المفروم، وفي العشاء تكتفي بكوب من الحليب بدلا من وجبة. 
ولم يكن زواج إيما سعيدا حيث انفصلت عن زوجها في عام 1938 ولم تتزوج أبدا بعد ذلك، قائلة إنها لم تكن ترغب في أن يسيطر عليها أي شخص، ولم تتقاعد من عملها إلا عند بلوغها سن 75 . 
المصدر: ""انديبندنت"" ",0
16274,Portland Bar Offers ’Free Whiskey for Life’ to Customers That ’Punch Steve Bannon’ - Breitbart,"A bar in Portland, Oregon has offered a lifetime supply of free whiskey to any customer that punches White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon. [A patron of the Paydirt Bar in Portland, Oregon recently posted a photo of one of the bar’s receipts to Twitter, noting that the bottom of the receipt featured the proclamation, “Punch Steve Bannon, Get Free Whiskey For Life. ” The tweet, which earned thousands of likes and retweets, has since been deleted, but a photo of the receipt can be seen below and a link to an archive of the tweet still exists.   The Paydirt Bar has a history of posting   messages to their various social channels. A tweet from the bar’s Twitter account in 2015 links to an Instagram post which reads: ” “Tonight’s whiskey pairing: ‘Thanksgiving Dinner Conversation With Your Racist Uncle About Donald Trump’ (a shot of Wild Turkey 101 and a cold tall boy of @olympia_beer) #paydirtbar #pdxdrinks #movingtocanada” Tonight’s whiskey pairing:”Thanksgiving Dinner Conversation With Your Racist Uncle About Donald  …     https:  .   —   Paydirt (@paydirtpdx) November 25, 2015,   Tonight’s whiskey pairing: ”Thanksgiving Dinner Conversation With Your Racist Uncle About Donald Trump” (a shot of Wild Turkey 101 and a cold tall boy of @olympia_beer) #paydirtbar #pdxdrinks #movingtocanada, A post shared by Paydirt (@paydirtbar) on Nov 25, 2015 at 2:30pm PST,  Breitbart News reached out to the Paydirt Bar to ask why it is that they offer prizes for the assault of Steve Bannon and whether or not they had offered similar prizes for other political figures. In response, a representative for the bar stated: The text is a series of comments that we leave at the bottom of our receipts. We change the receipts nearly daily and they touch on all sorts of politicians on both sides of the aisle, plus (mostly) our beloved Portland Trail Blazers. We’re surprised as anyone that these image went viral since it’s clearly a joke. We went private on all our accounts since after this happened we were inundated with a series of very serious death threats. Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
16275,"With a Cuckoo’s Journey From China, a Mystery Is Solved, and Cheers Go Up - The New York Times","BEIJING  —   When Flappy McFlapperson and Skybomb Bolt sprang into the sky for their annual migration from wetlands near Beijing, nobody was sure where the two cuckoos were going. They and three other cuckoos had been tagged with sensors to follow them from northern China. But to where? “These birds are not known to be great fliers,” said Terry Townshend, a British amateur bird watcher living in the Chinese capital who helped organize the Beijing Cuckoo Project to track the birds. “Migration is incredibly perilous for birds, and many perish on these journeys. ” The answer to the mystery  —   unfolding in passages recorded by satellite for more than five months  —   has been a humbling revelation even to many experts. The birds’ journeys have so far covered thousands of miles, across a total of a dozen countries and an ocean. The “common cuckoo,” as the species is called, turns out to be capable of exhilarating odysseys. “It’s impossible not to feel an emotional response,” said Chris Hewson, an ecologist with the British Trust for Ornithology in Thetford, England, who has helped run the tracking project. “There’s something special about feeling connected to one small bird flying across the ocean or desert. ” But to follow a cuckoo, you must first seduce it. The common cuckoo is by reputation a cynical freeloader. Mothers outsource parenting by laying their eggs in the nests of smaller birds, and the birds live on grubs, caterpillars and similar soft morsels. British and Chinese bird groups decided to study two cuckoo subspecies found near Beijing, because their winter getaways were a puzzle. In an online poll for the project, nearly half the respondents guessed they went somewhere in Southeast Asia. “We really didn’t know for sure,” said Yu Fang, a coffee importer, a prominent member of the Beijing   community and a volunteer on the project. “We knew that the cuckoos breed around here. But where do they go over winter? I guessed it was India,” Mr. Yu said. “I’ve been   in India, and they are often spotted there. I thought that’s where they stopped. ” To tag the birds, the team set up soft, barely visible nets in May to safely catch the birds. A stuffed female cuckoo was attached to a tree or bush, and a recording of the bird’s   mating call was played out. They responded lustily. “The male cuckoos just can’t resist. They come in from a long way,” said Mr. Townshend, who works as a consultant on a variety of environmental projects. Unexpectedly, female cuckoos also came to the party, seemingly jealous about an apparent rival in their patch, he said. After excluding birds too light to safely carry the sensors, the team attached   tags weighing 0. 16 ounce to the backs of five birds, each weighing around 3. 5 ounces, and freed them into the wild, where satellites followed the signals from their tags. Such technology has revolutionized the study of migratory birds since the 1990s. “Tracking technology has ushered in a new age of exploration,” Mr. Hewson said. But the project was also intended to raise awareness of wild birds and their needs, especially in China, where expanding cities, pollution and commercial capture with huge nets threaten the creatures. Schools in Beijing for local and foreign children gave the birds their names. As well as Flappy and Skybomb, there was Hope, Zigui and Meng Zhi Juan, a poetic Chinese phrase meaning “dream bird. ” The wait began. As blazing summer arrived, time approached for the birds to begin their migration. But not all could. Cuckoos often have brief lives. The trackers ran out of contact with Hope after she flew north to Russia, possibly dying or losing her tag. And Zigui’s signal stopped near Beijing, where he probably perished. Then in early August, Flappy struck south, followed weeks later by Skybomb and then Meng Zhi Juan. Each day, Mr. Townshend checked the satellite data to see whether any other birds were on the move. Their journeys, chronicled on Twitter, drew in more and more fans, including me. By   Skybomb and Flappy were in India. That more or less ruled out the idea that they were headed to Southeast Asia, and they appeared likely to head west. But by which route? The first answer came in late October. Skybomb struck out boldly from central India and, without stopping, headed across the northern Indian Ocean, apparently aiming to reach Africa in one lunge. It was a breathtaking gamble for one of these small birds. “When Skybomb set out across the ocean, it was like, Whoa! He’s going for it,” Mr. Townshend said. Skybomb had fattened on grubs, but Africa was thousands of miles away without the prospect of a stop or meal in between. “It was a real celebratory moment,” Mr. Townshend said. “But fingers were crossed that he was going to make it across the ocean. ” There was an implacable logic in the cuckoos’ seeming folly, said Mr. Hewson, who had guessed that they would go to Africa. They stopped over in India when rains had still left plenty of food there and waited for the monsoon winds to make a drastic turnaround, so the birds could fly onward with the help of the breeze. Cuckoos that summer in Europe also head to Africa to avoid the winter. Skybomb plowed on. Flying at roughly 2, 600 feet above the sea, he held to an astonishingly straight path, apparently calibrating for shifts in the wind and conditions. By the second day, he was halfway across. After a third day, the east coast of Africa, and food and rest, beckoned. For much of the flight, tailwinds helped Skybomb. But as land approached, crosswinds and then a   headwind struck. It was a moderate breeze, but maybe enough to exhaust a cuckoo after days without stopping. On Oct. 31, Mr. Townshend announced on Twitter that Skybomb “is in Africa!”   days after he had begun his migration, the cuckoo had reached the coast of Somalia about an hour after dusk. He had flown nonstop for 2, 300 miles from central India. “What a bird!” Mr. Townshend declared. But even then, Skybomb was not done. Right away, he flew for another 190 miles until he reached an area where recent rains would have brought a proliferation of caterpillars and grubs to eat. Somehow, he knew where to follow the rain. The other birds began their long flights later than Skybomb. Flappy took a more cautious path, crossing the Arabian Sea from India to Oman. That made for a shorter flight over water, but also meant she hit land in northern Africa, farther from the lusher terrain to the south. By Friday, Meng Zhi Juan had jumped to just a few miles from the Indian coast and appeared poised to follow Skybomb’s swoop across the ocean to Somalia or thereabouts. The birds appear likely to edge south in Africa, following the rains. If they survive, they are expected to arrive back in Beijing in May. Mr. Townshend and his colleagues hope to follow more cuckoos next year, if they attract enough donations to pay for the tags and satellite services. More knowledge will help protect the areas where the birds need to stop. “They’re birds that are shared by China, India, Myanmar, Somalia and wherever else they go,” Mr. Townshend said. “With that comes a shared responsibility to protect them. ”",0
16276,La Superluna en imágenes,"Por Tomás Fuentes 
En la noche del lunes se pudo ver la Luna llena más grande de los últimos 70 años, la más grande hasta la fecha en el siglo XXI, según informa la NASA. Este fenómeno ha dejado auténticas maravillas fotográficas por diversos rincones del mundo: desde la India a Egipto, así se ha visto la Superluna. 
1. 
Vista de nuestro satélite desde el Taj Mahal. Espectacular. 
2. 
La Luna se vio preciosa desde Polonia. 
3. 
Egipto. ¿No es idílico? Apenas nada pudo hacer ayer por la noche que los egipcios apartaran la vista de nuestro maravilloso satélite. 
4. 
Una noche para la paz en la que todos los humanos pudieron olvidarse de sus problemas. 
5. 
¿Qué puede haber más maravilloso que un espectáculo astronómico? Nada, absolutamente nada. 
6. 
¿No es bellísima? Millones de personas de todo el mundo compartieron anoche fotografías de la Luna más grande que podrá verse en treinta años. 
7. 
La silueta de un águila frente a la Luna en Katmandú (Nepal). 
8. 
Una fotografía un poco movida de la de personas miran la Superluna en Fremantle, Australia. 
9. 
El término “superluna” se utilizaba originalmente en la astrología moderna para referirse a una Luna nueva o llena que ocurre cuando la Luna se encuentra dentro del 90% de su máximo acercamiento a la Tierra en una órbita determinada. 
10. 
La Luna vista desde un lugar privilegiado: la Luna. Etiquetas",0
16277,"Eminem Calls Trump a ’Bitch,’ Raps About Sexually Assaulting Ann Coulter","Grammy   rapper Eminem called President Donald Trump a “bitch” and fantasied about sexually assaulting bestselling conservative author Ann Coulter in a song featured on fellow Detroit rapper Big Sean’s new studio album “I Decided. ”[“I’m anti, can’t no government handle a commando. Your man don’t want it, Trump’s A BITCH. I’ll make his whole brand go under,” Eminem says of Trump on the song “No Favors. ”  The      also raps about sexually assaulting conservative author and pundit Ann Coulter. “And fuck Ann Coulter with a Klan poster. With a lamp post, door handle, shutter. A damn bolt cutter, a sandal, a can opener, a candle, rubber. Piano, a flannel, sucker, some hand soap, butter. A banjo and manhole cover,” Eminem raps. This not the first time that Eminem has used sexually explicit language to attack a conservative woman. In 2009, Eminem’s   lyrics on the song “We Made You” saw the rapper imaging having sex with former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. “And I’ll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner then. Nail her, baby, say hello to my little friend!” Eminem raps. In the song’s music video, Eminem cast a Palin    for a raunchy sequence in which the scantily clad woman is splayed out on an office desk wearing a skirt and bustier, and Eminem is seen rapping the aforementioned lyrics and dressed as Palin’s husband, Todd Palin. Eminem also praises Black Lives Matter on the new song. “Go ham donut or go Rambo, gotta make an example of her. That’s for Sandra Bland, ho, and Philando,” he raps, referencing two     deaths of black people. Rapper Big Sean took to social media earlier this week to give thanks to Eminem for being apart of his album, which was released on Friday. . @eminem No Favors feels like back to back homeruns, you fuckin destroyed this verse! Thank you for blessing the album   this! #Detroit pic. twitter.   —   Sean Don (@BigSean) February 3, 2017,  Big Sean recently appeared on New York radio station Hot 97 and fantasized about killing Donald Trump. “I know Jay proud of me, he put this ’round my neck. And I might just kill ISIS with the same icepick. That I murder Donald Trump in the same night with,” Big Sean rapped during a freestyle performance. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
16278,Daesh Executes 232 Civilians Near Mosul - Iraqi Parl't Committee Chairman,"Military Operation to Retake Mosul From Daesh ( 93 ) 0 7 0 0 Daesh militants have executed at least 232 civilians near the Iraqi city of Mosul, the chairman of the Iraqi parliamentary human rights committee said on Wednesday. 
BAGHDAD (Sputnik) — On October 17, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Abadi announced the start of a military operation to retake Mosul from Daesh, a jihadist group outlawed in Russia and a number of other states. © AFP 2016/ AHMAD AL-RUBAYE Some 60 Iraqi Soldiers Killed in Mosul Offensive, 250 Wounded - CENTCOM 
According to local media, about 30,000 Iraqi soldiers and 4,000 Kurdish Peshmerga fighters are taking part in the operation, backed by airstrikes carried out by the US-led international coalition. ""IS [Daesh] militants continued to commit atrocities in the province of Nineveh, they executed 190 people in the area of ​​Hammam al-Alil after taking them hostage in different areas of Mosul ,"" Abdel Rakhim Shamri said as quoted by his press service. 
According to the lawmaker, another 42 people in the nearby village of Arij became victims of the terrorist group because of their refusal to cooperate with the militants. ...",0
16279,Anti-Abortion Group Presses Ahead Despite Recent Supreme Court Ruling - The New York Times,"HERNDON, Va.  —   Stung by the recent Supreme Court decision that overturned Texas abortion clinic restrictions, leaders of the country’s largest   group are redoubling their efforts for restrictions on abortion that they claim will prevent fetal pain and that they believe can fare well in the public eye and, they hope, in the courts. The group’s leaders said they remained confident in their strategy of undermining Roe v. Wade one step at a time, with their main focus less on rules for clinic safety of the kind that were just overturned, and more on what they call the “humanity of the unborn child,” based on assumptions about fetal development that are sharply disputed by mainstream scientists. “Our people have had setbacks before, but they’re going to keep on fighting,” Carol Tobias, the president of the group, the National Right to Life Committee, declared at the organization’s annual meeting that was held here Thursday through Saturday  —   a combination of pep talks, tactical training and sharing of legislative strategies. “The   movement is optimistic and excited about the future,” Ms. Tobias told hundreds of delegates from across the country. In public meetings, at least, the Supreme Court decision, which was described by many legal experts as a landmark victory for abortion rights, received only passing mention here. States have passed more than 300   measures since 2011, from mandatory ultrasounds to rules for burial of fetal remains. While the Supreme Court ruling could change the terms, it is already clear that pitched battles over abortion will continue in many states in the year ahead. But amid a continued flurry of bills, National Right to Life and its affiliates will give the highest priority to two measures in particular, the leaders here said. One is to promote state and federal bans on abortion at 20 weeks after conception, based on the claim, which mainstream medical scientists say is unfounded, that the fetus can feel pain at that point. The second is to outlaw the most common method of   abortion, a form of dilation and evacuation, on the grounds that it is brutal and cruel. The Supreme Court decision on June 27, ruling that stringent clinic and physician regulations in Texas were unconstitutional, is widely seen as the most important abortion ruling in decades. The Texas regulations required doctors to have admitting privileges at local hospitals, and required clinics to meet the physical and staffing requirements of surgery centers  —   measures, the state argued, that protected women’s health. But the court ruled that the state had failed to show significant benefits for women’s health and safety and placed such onerous burdens on clinics that many would have to shut down. And so, the court held, in a    decision, that the state had placed an illegal “undue burden” on women’s basic right to abortion up to the point that the fetus is viable outside the womb. The ruling, Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt, has already led courts to block similar clinic and physician rules in other states and is expected to figure in lawsuits over other restrictions, like bans on remote prescribing of pills for   abortions, or   waiting periods that cause hardship for poor women who must travel to reach a clinic. But how broadly the ruling will apply to abortion laws that do not involve claims about clinic safety or women’s health will emerge from lower court decisions over a period of years, legal experts say. Jennifer Dalven, the director of the Reproductive Freedom Project at the American Civil Liberties Union, predicted in an interview that the decision will have   effects on any abortion restrictions that are based on scientifically dubious claims, whether related to clinic safety or not. “The court was crystal clear that politicians can no longer rely on flimsy justifications for abortion restrictions,” she said. “You have to have evidence that it serves a claimed interest, then weigh it against the burden. That has application to virtually any regulation. ” But   leaders are hoping and predicting that the effect will be more narrow. They believe that the Supreme Court, and particularly Justice Anthony Kennedy, who has provided the swing vote in past cases, may look more favorably on laws that focus on the life of the fetus. “The Supreme Court case was focused on the health of the mother, but we take a different approach,” said Mary Spaulding Balch, the director of state legislation for National Right to Life, noting that clinic safety regulations had mainly been promoted by other groups. “Our legislation focuses on the humanity of the unborn child. ” Olivia Gans Turner, the executive director of the Virginia affiliate of National Right to Life, said that the Supreme Court decision, if anything, “really did energize a large part of our constituency. ” “Our people were anxious to find out, ‘Can we still move ahead? ’” she said. “It was a chance to educate people,” she said, adding that other priority laws such as the proposed   ban should not be affected. Promoted by National Right to Life and other groups,   bans based on the fetal pain theory have been adopted by 15 states and are under consideration in several more. It was telling, Ms. Balch said, that when abortion rights groups challenged the Texas clinic laws, they did not include the state’s   ban, which was adopted at the same time and remains in effect. Legal experts for abortion rights say that the laws are a clear violation of existing Supreme Court rulings that women have a right to an abortion until the fetus is viable outside the womb, which is often about 22 weeks after conception. They say they are waiting for the right occasion to bring a court challenge to these bans, which affect relatively few women, and that fending off the regulations that closed down clinics was a higher priority. But Ms. Balch said   groups welcomed the chance to test the bans before the Supreme Court, possibly leading it to change the existing dividing line for abortion rights based on fetal viability. In a more recent push, six states have acted to ban the most common method used in   abortions, in which the fetus is torn and extracted with tools. In two of those states, Oklahoma and Kansas, the courts have temporarily blocked the bans, which many doctors have called an intrusion into medical decisions that could expose women to unneeded or more dangerous procedures. As disappointed as they were by last month’s Supreme Court decision,   groups are far more concerned about the November elections for the Senate and the presidency, and the effects on the future makeup of the court. While Donald J. Trump has in the past expressed support for abortion rights, the   leaders here said they took at face value his statements that he had converted to their cause and would appoint conservatives to the Supreme Court. A victory by Hillary Clinton and the appointment of one or more justices who share her strong support for abortion rights “would be catastrophic,” for the movement, said Anthony J. Lauinger, the chairman of Oklahomans for Life and a vice president of National Right to Life, creating “a very grim situation. ” But whatever happens, Mr. Lauinger said, “We view the glass as half full. ” Mr. Lauinger, 72, who has been an   activist since the Roe v. Wade decision in 1973, said he felt encouraged in the face of periodic setbacks because “young people are picking up the battle. ”",0
16280,Christian Charity Forfeits Federal Food in Favor of Faith,"Email 
“We don’t force our faith on anybody else,” Chuck Wingate, executive director of Bethesda Mission, told PennLive.com . “But we find the whole idea that the government’s going to come in a[nd] tell us what we can and cannot do in our own facility to be out of bounds, especially in matters of faith.” 
Wingate, who says his Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, ministry serves 100,000 people a month, was referring to a new U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) regulation forbidding recipients of USDA food from requiring “a beneficiary to attend or participate in any explicitly religious activities that are offered by the organization.” A USDA press release stated that the rule was established pursuant to an executive order issued by President Barack Obama and would “provide new religious liberty protections for beneficiaries of federally funded social service programs.” 
Bethesda, which has been helping the poor and homeless in the Keystone State capital for nearly 102 years, formerly received about 1,000 pounds of USDA food per month via the Central Pennsylvania Food Bank. But given the choice between taking Uncle Sam’s freebies and continuing to offer thanks to God before serving meals, the mission’s leaders decided on the latter. 
“We can no longer take the food on principal [sic] because prayer is an integral part of everything we do at Bethesda Mission,” Scott Dunwoody, the shelter’s vice president of business development, told Harrisburg’s WHTM-TV . 
“The USDA revised regulations regarding this food distribution to say that no religious services or religious activities could occur during the distribution of the food,” Wingate told CNSNews.com . “Well, we pray before meals, so if there’s a meal being served — and we serve 3,000 meals a week — if there’s a meal being served with USDA food somewhere in it, then we would be prohibited from praying. We just said ‘nope’ that’s too onerous for us and we’re not going to continue to accept the food if that’s a condition of receiving it.” 
Many religious charities are now faced with the same dilemma as Bethesda. So far, few seem willing to cut the umbilical cord to Washington — or perhaps they long ago made the necessary compromises to get USDA comestibles. Jennifer Powell of the Central Pennsylvania Food Bank told PennLive that “only a handful” of the bank’s 900 program partners have chosen either to stop taking the USDA food or to change their practices — by, say, conducting prayers outside the room in which the food is served — to fall in line with the new rule. 
Eric Saunders, executive director of Harrisburg-area New Hope Ministries, told PennLive his ministry didn’t need to change its practices because they have never required people to participate in prayer or a religious service in order to obtain food. “When the new rule came out,” reported the website, “Saunders said he simply reminded staff to make sure any religious activities were done at a different time or place from when people were being served.” 
Bethesda doesn’t require participation in religious activities, either, but anyone there for a meal is going to be in the presence of an audible prayer. This, apparently, does not comport with the Obama administration’s definition of religious freedom, whereby passively causing someone to hear a prayer before giving him free food is unacceptable but forcing a Christian charity or business to pay for contraceptive coverage for its employees is worth defending all the way to the Supreme Court. 
Saunders said of Bethesda, “I have a lot of respect for them and the principled stand they took.” 
Bethesda will probably not be hurt much by declining the USDA’s food. Although 1,000 pounds a month sounds like quite a bit of food, it really only amounted to about 0.5 percent of the food distributed by the shelter, according to Wingate. He claimed the announcement has already led to an increase in donations to the ministry. In addition, Powell said the food bank has plenty of other food the mission could use. 
All of these problems could have been avoided, of course, if the federal government had not strayed from its enumerated powers under the Constitution. Nowhere in that document is the government delegated the authority to distribute food, no matter how noble its intentions may be in doing so. As James Madison, the father of the Constitution, so eloquently put it, “I cannot undertake to lay my finger on that article of the Constitution which granted a right to Congress of expending, on objects of benevolence, the money of their constituents.” 
Charities, especially Christian ones, ought also to be mindful of the fact that the “free” food they get from Washington and other levels of government is paid for by the expropriation of the citizenry; “Thou shalt not steal” contains no exceptions for either government or charities. Furthermore, they should recognize that by accepting the government’s largess, they are also accepting its control, even to the point of denying their faith. It may be more cumbersome and less reliable to subsist on voluntary contributions, but it is the only sure way to maintain a charity’s religious character over the long run. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
16281,JOHNSON & JOHNSON ORDERED TO PAY $70 MILLION TO CALIFORNIA WOMAN FOR CANCER-LINKED BABY POWDER,"Home › US NEWS › JOHNSON & JOHNSON ORDERED TO PAY $70 MILLION TO CALIFORNIA WOMAN FOR CANCER-LINKED BABY POWDER JOHNSON & JOHNSON ORDERED TO PAY $70 MILLION TO CALIFORNIA WOMAN FOR CANCER-LINKED BABY POWDER 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] The company plans to appeal the decision. 
Johnson & Johnson has lost its third lawsuit alleging that the pharmaceutical company’s baby powder causes ovarian cancer. 
Jurors in St. Louis awarded Deborah Giannecchini $70 million late Thursday, according to Bloomberg . For 40 years, Giannecchini, 62, had used the talcum powder for feminine hygiene, but stopped when she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer three years ago. Now her lawyers say Giannecchini has an 80% chance of dying in the next two years, despite having undergone extensive treatment. 
Carol Goodrich, a spokesperson for Johnson & Johnson, says the company will appeal to the decision . 
“We deeply sympathize with the women and families impacted by ovarian cancer,” she said. “We will appeal today’s verdict because we are guided by the science, which supports the safety of Johnson’s Baby Powder.” 
Additionally, research into the link between talc and cancer have been been mixed or inconclusive, according to the American Cancer Society . 
That likely factored into a New Jersey judge’s decision to throw out two lawsuits against Johnson in Johnson in September, which alleged that the company’s talcum powder had caused their ovarian cancer. Post navigation",0
16282,Supreme Court Begins First Sitting of Trump Presidency,"WASHINGTON —  Tuesday, the Supreme Court will begin its first sitting in which the U. S. Department of Justice (DOJ) will reflect the views and priorities of President Donald Trump, inaugurating a new direction in American law. [The Supreme Court hears roughly 80 cases per year, divided into seven monthly sittings. The annual term begins with its first sitting on the first Monday in October, and the last sitting for each annual term is conducted over two weeks in April.  The Office of the Solicitor General (OSG) represents the United States before the U. S. Supreme Court. The office is led by a solicitor general (SG) who is nominated by the president and confirmed by the Senate, assisted by a principal deputy solicitor general who is a presidential appointment not subject to Senate confirmation. These two appointees oversee a team of close to twenty attorneys who are mostly career staff, the senior ones holding the rank of deputy solicitor general, and the junior members being called assistant to the solicitor general. Together, they constitute one of the finest appellate legal teams in the nation. President Trump has not yet nominated an SG but has already named a deputy, Noel Francisco, as the   at OSG. Francisco is a Supreme Court rock star, a former clerk to Justice Antonin Scalia and former partner at powerhouse firm Jones Day who has argued a number of major cases before the justices. Francisco has control over OSG until such time as Trump’s pick for the top spot is chosen and confirmed, which might not occur for another couple months. Although OSG has already filed its legal briefs for most of the year’s remaining Supreme Court cases, changes or updates can be made during oral argument or with certain supplemental filings, so the Trump DOJ can make the new president’s views known as the justices tackle a number of issues involving the federal government. This Tuesday, the Court will hear arguments in Hernandez v. Mesa, a case in which a Mexican teenager on the Mexican side of the U. S.  border was fatally shot by a U. S. Border Patrol agent on the U. S. side of the border. The teenager’s family said he was playing pranks by touching the Mexico side of the border barrier, while DOJ insists that the young man was part of a group of teenagers throwing large rocks at the agent, posing a serious risk to the officer’s safety and disregarding repeated warnings to drop the rocks and back away. DOJ will be represented by Deputy Solicitor General Edwin Kneedler, a career veteran at OSG who has argued more than 100 times before the High Court, representing both Republican and Democrat presidents. The second case on Tuesday will be McLane v. EEOC. The private litigant is represented by Dallas attorney Allyson Ho, a partner at Morgan Lewis  Bockius, who, like Francisco, is a favorite among conservatives and an accomplished Supreme Court litigator who previously clerked for a Supreme Court justice. The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission will be presented by an assistant to the solicitor general, Rachel Kovner. The makeup of the nation’s highest court is also changing. One of its nine seats has been vacant since the February 2016 death of Justice Antonin Scalia. But President Trump’s nominee, Judge Neil Gorsuch, appears unstoppable for confirmation, and is expected to join the Court this April. Between new lawyers leading OSG and new justices joining the nation’s highest court, February 2017 marks the beginning of a new trend in the legal arguments and decisions at the Supreme Court, a trend that will continue for at least the next four years. Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.",0
16283,Study: Unemployment Fuels National Drug Epidemic - Breitbart,"The National Bureau of Economic Research published a paper on Monday showing how widespread unemployment pushes many American men and women towards deadly drug addictions. [Titled “Macroeconomic Conditions and Opioid Abuse,” the report says:  We use   mortality data for the entire U. S. from   and state and county level ED data covering   from a subset of states. We find that as the county unemployment rate increases by 1 percentage point, the opioid death rate (per 100k) rises by 0. 19 (3. 6%) and the ED visit rate for opioid overdoses (per 100k) increases by 0. 95 (7. 0%). We also uncover statistically significant increases in the overall drug death rate that are mostly driven by increases in opioid deaths.  These results also hold when performing a state, rather than county, level analysis. In most specifications, the results are primarily driven by adverse events among whites. Additionally, the findings are relatively stable across time periods they do not pertain only to recession years, but instead represent a more generalizable and previously unexplored connection between economic development and the severe adverse consequences of substance abuse. That is a remarkably consistent and steep relationship between unemployment rates and deaths from opioid drug abuse, The painkiller drugs have become an important contributor to the growing mortality among whites because it is theorized that prescription painkillers are heavily dispensed to   and   white people, who can become dependent on them or graduate to illegal substances. Use of pain medication among   unemployed men approaches fifty percent, according to some studies. To be sure, not everyone using pain medication, even potent prescription drugs, is abusing it. There are people in significant distress who need medication. The tremendous increase in both drug use and mortality rates is the problem. It’s sobering to see that problem linked as firmly and precisely to unemployment rates as in the National Bureau of Economic Research study.  Also, given the generosity of welfare programs, it really is a question of needing work rather than money, with all of the physical and spiritual gains delivered by productive activity. Of course there are many individuals who can cope with   unemployment in healthy ways, but projected across a vast population, the decline of the workforce casts a distinct Grim Reaper shadow. Another intriguing study is called “When Work Disappears: Manufacturing Decline and the Falling   Value of Men. ” Here again, the researchers have calculated a pronounced relationship between unemployment and an unhealthy social trend: single parenting. It’s difficult to discuss single parenting as a social phenomenon because individual single parents and their children are not comfortable with the notion there is something “wrong” or inferior with the arrangement. Of course there are many single parents doing well, and children raised in such households who flourish. Our society has been conditioned to devalue traditional marriage and reject the notion that it has inherent advantages. But again, the negative trend across large populations is indisputable, as authors David Autor, David Dorn, and Gordon Hanson acknowledge in their introduction, and describe more extensively in the body of the report: As predicted by a simple model of marital   under uncertainty, we document that adverse shocks to the supply of ‘marriageable’ men reduce the prevalence of marriage and lower fertility but raise the fraction of children born to young and unwed mothers and living in in poor   households. The falling   value of young men appears to be a quantitatively important contributor to the rising rate of    childbearing and   childrearing in the United States. In other words, it’s not a good thing for society to be producing large numbers of young single women struggling to raise children. It is objectively good for stable young couples to have children and raise them. (Yes, it’s important for them to have children at fairly young ages because demographic growth demands a sizable number of families with three or more children, and that’s very difficult to achieve if couples don’t meet and marry when they’re young.) The introduction of the   study also quotes a    but vitally relevant, observation from William Julius Wilson in When Work Disappears: The World of the New Urban Poor:  The consequences of high neighborhood joblessness are more devastating than those of high neighborhood poverty. A neighborhood in which people are poor but employed is different from a neighborhood in which people are poor and jobless. Many of today’s problems in the   ghettos  —   crime, family dissolution, welfare, low levels of social organization, and so on  —   are fundamentally a consequence of the disappearance of work. This is proving to be universally true of human nature, in both urban and rural environments, for people of every racial and cultural background.  The loss of manufacturing jobs is painted as especially significant by Autor, Dorn, and Hanson, which is very different from the conventional view that such lost jobs are easily replaceable by Information Age employment. Their study argues that manufacturing jobs have some unique virtues, one of which is giving men the kind of earnings advantage that makes them attractive marriage partners to women. That observation will not sit well among elites now crazed for “gender neutrality” and determined to use whatever policy hammers and chisels are needed to outlaw male and female biology by next year. Those elites will find it difficult to argue with the data presented in this report, which portrays a cascade of damaging social ills descending from the loss of male earning power relative to women: “Shocks to   manufacturing industries are particularly destabilizing to  . ” The authors are quite blunt about what the decline of the manufacturing sector has done to American society: Adverse shocks to local employment opportunities stemming from rising international competition from China in manufactured goods yield a fall in both male and female employment a reduction in men’s relative earnings, particularly at the lower tail of the earnings distribution an increase in the rate of male mortality from risky and unhealthful behaviors a reduction in the net availability of   males in affected labor markets a reduction in the fraction of young adults entering marriage a fall in fertility accompanied by a rise in the fraction of births to teen and unmarried mothers and a sharp jump in the fraction of children living in impoverished and, to a lesser degree,   households. If that paragraph doesn’t sail far enough into politically incorrect waters for you, the authors later argue that shocks to   industries “have more modest effects on overall fertility but reduce the share of births to teens and unmarried mothers, thus raising   births and reducing the fraction of children living in   households. ” (It should be noted, as the authors do many times throughout the course of the paper, that these relationships between employment and marriage for the two sexes are significant but not   and other forces often come into play.) Negative trends multiply each other in a downward spiral. The demise of stable   homes sends a growing number of children into life with huge economic disadvantages. Dissolution of the family also dissolves   family wealth, such as property passed from parents to children. Men who don’t have wives and children in their lives are missing important resources when they confront midlife despair. Young people are missing bright examples of what the future could hold for them, contributing to the growing sense that “the American Dream is over. ”",0
16284,The Voting Dead: CBS4 Investigation Exposes Voter Fraud in Colorado,"A CBS Denver voter fraud investigation has exposed dozens of cases in the state ahead of the November 8th presidential election.
According to CBS4, they discovered dozens of irregularities during their ongoing investigation such as ballots cast by the deceased and individuals voting twice. CBS4 explains that they have additionally found individuals voting in Colorado as well as other states in the same election cycle, this of course all at a time where the fear of voter fraud weighs heavily in the minds of the American electorate.
More on voter fraud: Uh Oh… Texas Voting Machines Reportedly Changing Votes from Republican to Democrat 
Via CBS4 
In six of the new cases, voting records show the same people voting twice in Colorado elections. In another six cases, people are suspected of voting in Colorado and another state during the same election cycle.
“You’d be surprised how often people double vote,“ said Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach. “Two of the cases are serial double voters. I think people discover they can get away with it and keep doing it.”
Kobach says his office is “aggressively prosecuting” double voting cases because it’s a crime that “can’t be caught ahead of time.”

hhh
",0
16285,"Dale Earnhardt Jr. Begins Again After Concussion, With Altered Priorities - The New York Times","Dale Earnhardt Jr. found himself in the back seat of a black S. U. V. on the streets of Manhattan on Tuesday morning, a gracious passenger. He was glad someone else had to deal with the noisy taxis and the antsy drivers who used their horns as if they got paid by the honk. On Sunday afternoon, Earnhardt, 42, will begin his 18th full season at Nascar’s top level by driving in the Daytona 500,   racing’s premier race. But this, he said, will be a somewhat different Dale Earnhardt Jr. than has driven before. He was married on New Year’s Eve to his longtime girlfriend, Amy Reimann, and he is also returning from a serious concussion that sidelined him since July. “I do feel like this is a new chapter, for whatever reason,” Earnhardt said. “I don’t have a vision for what’s going to happen. I don’t know how to explain it, but it feels like a new me. ” It is believed that Earnhardt sustained the concussion  —   his second in four years  —   in an accident during a June race in Brooklyn, Mich. He drove in three more races, but then did not return to the track for the rest of the 2016 season, missing 18 races in all. Earnhardt was medically cleared to resume racing on Dec. 8. Earnhardt, the son of Dale Earnhardt Sr. the   Nascar champion who died at the 2001 Daytona 500, has won the series’ most popular driver award 14 straight times, largely because of his talent, bloodlines and demeanor, seemingly   and  . Success came at a cost, he said. “I feel like I am maybe a little less stressed out, a little less hassled, I guess, by    living now,” he said. “I guess I was wound up, wound pretty tight. I don’t know if it’s because I’ve been out of the car for so long that I’ve had this inadvertent vacation, I guess you could say, that it got my batteries really, really recharged. ” He stopped himself suddenly and added: “Only thing is, does it go away? Do I hang on to this feeling of ‘All right, man’? I know I’ll get competitive when I get in the car. It’ll be hard not to get short with my patience. That’s the biggest thing  —   just keeping patient. But I feel more calm and comfortable and not so wired up and strung out. ” Earnhardt has 26 victories in his   career at the top level of   racing, which is being called the Monster Energy Nascar Cup Series for the first time this year. But he has not won a series championship. Claiming one is certainly a driving force for him. But he has other priorities. He has a much deeper appreciation of the sport and its heritage than when he made his Nascar debut, in 1999, in a car owned by his father. He said he wanted the sport to be viable after he is done driving  —   though he has no idea when that will be. “I used to have an agenda: I wanted to do whatever made my car go faster,” he said. “I’m over that, knowing I’m on the back side of my career. When I’m done driving, I want the sport to be healthy. I’m done taking and taking. I’m ready to give, give. I try to think of what’s the best thing for the sport instead of the best thing for the driver. ” Acknowledging that Nascar has encountered a recent dip in racetrack attendance and television ratings, Earnhardt, like others, believes the sport would benefit from an influx of new, and young, fans. One way to draw attention and keep it, he said, might be to tweak the rules, as Nascar has done this year by awarding points to leaders after designated stages of races. The public’s accessibility to drivers was not what it was in his father’s heyday, but Earnhardt Jr. has made a hard push through Twitter and a podcast  —   the Dale Jr. Download  —   to keep people in the loop. It helped him recover from his injury. “To heal from the concussion, I needed to be   to get that stress as low as possible,” he said. “I worried a ton about people’s perception about what my problem was. I didn’t want any guesses out there. That’s the reason I was so transparent. I was worried about, Is it O. K. I’m this transparent? But I couldn’t think of any reason it could blow up in my face. The only thing that was bad about it, I guess, is that anytime anybody doesn’t agree with you, they hit you with, ‘You hit your head, so you don’t know what you’re talking about.’ ” He smiled. Although he has continued to emphasize that concussion symptoms can differ from one person to another, he knew his Twitter feed, podcast and news conferences could provide more information about concussions. He is fine with becoming a case study. “When I got my first concussion, in 1998, it was like, Wow. I feel dizzy, ha ha. I think I’ll go home and lay on the couch,” he said. “It was almost like I was braggadocios about it: ‘Man, I’m tough. I hit my head on the car.’ “It’s scary now, knowing everything we know. There’s still a ton to learn. We’re going through such a transition how we talk about concussions, how we treat concussions. It’s very interesting to me. Very educational. ” Just last week, Nascar announced an update to its concussion protocol. The protocol now requires doctors at every venue to use the same concussion test, expands when drivers must visit the infield care center after an accident and increases the use of   neurological consultants. After driving 600 to 800 laps after he was cleared medically, Earnhardt said he felt comfortable in a racecar now and was eager to see how he would do on Sunday. His career hung in the balance for a while last summer, so he is grateful for another chance to race. “When you’re young and naïve, you’re doing it for certain reasons, but when you get older and understand your life and what you want to be doing down the road, your priorities all change,” he said. “If it was not fun, I wouldn’t be doing it. I’ve done well with my finances. I don’t need to be racing for money. I don’t know what we get paid for each race. I don’t know what the winner gets for the Daytona 500  —   no idea. It’s just a great job. It’s better than any other job I can think of right now. ”",0
16286,Saudi Arabia poised to be reelected to UN Human Rights Council,"Saudi Arabia poised to be reelected to UN Human Rights Council   Source: RT 
As the death toll in Yemen surpasses 10,000, Saudi Arabia, one of the principal parties in the conflict, is poised to be reelected to the UN human rights body. Saudi airstrikes are responsible for the majority of the nearly 4,000 civilian deaths in Yemen. 
A secret ballot vote at the UN General Assembly on Friday will select the 14 members of the UN Human Rights Council (UNHRC), or a third of its 47 members. Saudi Arabia, Iraq, China, and Japan are running for the four seats from the Asia-Pacific region, and are all expected to secure seats. 
Riyadh’s term at the UNHRC would be the third in a row, and its presence at the body has been increasingly puzzling to human rights groups, given its record of twisting arms at the UN to hush up its rights abuses. 
In June, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon publicly admitted that Saudi Arabia threatened to withdraw funding from numerous programs due to an upcoming report on violations of children’s rights. The report would list the Arab kingdom among violators over the toll its military campaign and blockade of Yemen has taken on children. The threat resulted in Saudi Arabia’s removal from the blacklist, even though Riyadh’s tactics had been exposed. 
“The report describes horrors no child should have to face,” Ban Ki-moon told reporters at the time. “At the same time, I also had to consider the very real prospect that millions of other children would suffer grievously if, as was suggested to me, countries would defund many UN programs.” 
“It is unacceptable for UN member states to exert undue pressure,” the secretary-general added, pledging to review the removal of the Saudis from the list. 
This incident of Saudi Arabia working against UN human rights efforts is far from being isolated. In Yemen, the kingdom used control of air traffic to prevent foreign journalists, employees of international aid organizations, and UN officials from visiting the war-torn country and reporting on the situation there. 
In September, it used diplomatic pressure against the Netherlands after it introduced a resolution at the UNHRC that would launch an independent investigation into airstrikes on Yemen. The Dutch proposal failed and an Arab version was passed, one which entrusted the probe to the exiled Yemeni government, which the Saudis want to put back into power through its military actions. 
Domestically, Riyadh’s policies often run against those of the UN human rights body. Seven petitions to allow special rapporteurs for the UN High Commissioner on Human Rights to investigate abuses in Saudi Arabia remain pending , some for over a decade. 
The kingdom was also reported to persecute its own subjects who cooperate with UN investigations. For instance, human rights defender Mohammed al-Qahtani, who contributed to several UNHRC reports, was accused of things like “distorting the reputation of the country” and “provoking international organizations to adopt stances against the kingdom.” He is currently serving a lengthy prison term. 
While far from being the only authoritarian regime with a seat at the UNHRC, Saudi Arabia maintains some of the most restrictive domestic policies. Homosexuality and conversion from Islam to another religion are punishable by death. Sentences include corporal punishment, as highlighted by the case of blogger Raif Badawi who is to be flogged 1,000 times while serving a 10-year sentence for “insulting Islam.” 
Saudi Arabia is also one of the world’s most enthusiastic executors. The number of beheadings spiked under King Salman with 157 executions reported in 2015, and 124 between January and September 2016. Share This Article...",0
16287,Russia Orders Investigation into U.S. Media Organizations Operating in the Country - Breitbart,"The Russian parliament has ordered an investigation into U. S. media organizations, including CNN and the Voice of America, “for compliance of their activities with Russian legislation,” according to a statement made on its website Friday. [The State Duma, or lower house in Russian parliament, ordered an “audit” of Radio Liberty, the Voice of America, CNN, and other U. S. media to see if they are breaking any of the nation’s laws, USA Today reported.  The decision was reportedly made in retaliation against a bill introduced by Sen. Jeanne Shaheen ( ) earlier this week that would allow the Department of Justice to use more tools to investigate   Russian media outlet RT America for potential violations of the Foreign Agents Registration Act (FARA). “We have good reason to believe that RT News is coordinating with the Russian government to spread misinformation and undermine our democratic process,” said Shaheen in a press release. “The American public has a right to know if this is the case. RT News has made public statements boasting that it can dodge our laws with shell corporations, and it’s time for the Department of Justice to investigate. ” Maria Zakharova, spokesperson for the the Russian Foreign Ministry, criticized Shaheen’s bill, saying that the senator should have also drawn up a list of books for burning, Reuters reports. Margarita Simonyan, RT’s    told the Russian newspaper Izvestia that the legislative action to investigate the   news outlet was akin to Sen. Joseph McCarthy’s campaign against communism in the 1950s. The Russian parliament’s decision came just two days after U. N. Ambassador Nikki Haley told NBC News that the Russian government cannot be trusted. “We cannot trust Russia,” Haley said on Wednesday. “We should never trust Russia. ” Haley made those comments shortly after the Department of Justice charged two Russian spies for allegedly hacking into and stealing data from more than 500 million Yahoo users.",0
16288,21 Things We’ve Learned About Hillary Clinton from Wikileaks That the MSM Won’t Share…But YOU Can!,"Trending Articles: Trending Articles: 21 Things We’ve Learned About Hillary Clinton from Wikileaks That the MSM Won’t Share…But YOU Can!   Daisy Luther 
Let’s talk about Wikileaks. 
First of all, the organization was founded by Julian Assange back in 2006. Their website explains what they are all about: 
“WikiLeaks specializes in the analysis and publication of large datasets of censored or otherwise restricted official materials involving war, spying, and corruption. It has so far published more than 10 million documents and associated analyses.” 
In the 11 years that they’ve been publishing documents, they have not been disproven a single time. Their record for authentication is perfect. (Learn more here and here .) 
So this means that a person would be pretty silly to disregard anything in the reams of information about Hillary Clinton, the Democratic Party, the Clinton Foundation, and the political shenanigans that would put the Machiavellis to shame. 
Here are 21 of the most important things that have come out about Hillary Clinton, that unfortunately, no one is reporting on in the mainstream. In the interest of brevity, each topic has a link to an article that goes deeper into the leak. (In no particular order.) John Podesta, the chairman of the Clinton campaign had a nice cozy dinner with Peter Kadzik, one of the top officials in the Department of Justice…the day after the Benghazi hearing . Kadzik’s son also asked for a job on the Clinton campaign, and, the icing on the corruption cupcake? Kadzik led the effort to nominate Loretta Lynch, who famously met with Bill Clinton on her private plane right before Hillary’s interrogation about Emailgate. ( source ) We all knew that the Clinton Foundation was just a way for the Clinton family to launder money, and now there’s proof. Zero Hedge writes, “…today’s Wikileaks dump included that memo which reveals, for the first time, the precise financial flows between the Clinton Foundation, Band’s firm Teneo Consulting, and the Clinton family’s private business endeavors.” A pundit called this leak “The Rosetta Stone of the Clinton Foundation,” meaning that with this document, all of their shady financial dealings could be unraveled and translated. ( source ) Clinton is unable to speak for very long without a podium to lean on . Numerous leaked emails reference how certain interviews have to be kept short because she’d be without one. And this article references a very interesting reason why this may be the case – surprisingly it isn’t related to her health. ( source ) The leaks also show that Clinton intends to do her best to restrict the Second Amendment. Brian Fallon, the national press secretary for the Clinton campaign, wrote, “ Circling back around on guns as a follow up to the Friday morning discussion: the Today show has indicated they definitely plan to ask bout guns, and so to have the discussion be more of a news event than her previous times discussing guns, we are going to background reporters tonight on a few of the specific proposals she would support as President – universal background checks of course, but also closing the gun show loophole by executive order and imposing manufacturer liability .” According to an analysis on The Daily Sheeple, “Imposing manufacturer liability means that after Sandy Hook, Bushmaster and Remington Arms would have been prosecuted for having a hand in the murder of children and school staff members for firearms that were legally sold.” ( source ) The campaign was concerned that the sexual escapades of Bill Clinton could be likened to those of another disgraced celebrity, Bill Cosby . Political operative Ron Klain sent an urgent email saying that Hillary should anticipate the following questions, ” How is what Bill Clinton did different from what Bill Cosby did? Is his conduct relevant to your campaign? You said every woman should be believed. Why not the women who accused him? Will you apologize to the women who were wrongly smeared by your husband and his allies?” ( source ) Clinton’s campaign deliberately leaked an embarrassing photo of a swimsuit-clad Bernie Sanders to the press, ironically insinuating that it was proof he was bought off by Wall Street. Perez Hilton wrote, “ Bernie Sanders lounges at elite Martha’s Vineyard pool, summer 2015 after helping raise money from Wall Street lobbyists .” ( source ) Clinton admitted she is out of touch with the middle class in a speech to Goldman-Black Rock in 2014. “And I am not taking a position on any policy, but I do think there is a growing sense of anxiety and even anger in the country over the feeling that the game is rigged. And I never had that feeling when I was growing up. Never. I mean, were there really rich people, of course there were. My father loved to complain about big business and big government, but we had a solid middle class upbringing. We had good public schools. We had accessible health care. We had our little, you know, one-family house that, you know, he saved up his money, didn’t believe in mortgages. So I lived that. And now, obviously, I’m kind of far removed because the life I’ve lived and the economic, you know, fortunes that my husband and I now enjoy , but I haven’t forgotten it.” ( source ) She made this rather NWO remark at a 2013 paid speech to Brazilian bank Banco Itau: “ My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders , some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.” ( source ) In a leak of yet another paid speech, this time to the Jewish United Fund of Metropolitan Chicago in 2013, Clinton said that Jordan and Turkey “ can’t possibly vet all those refugees so they don’t know if, you know, jihadists are coming in along with legitimate refugees.” Meanwhile, if Clinton has her way , we will be warmly welcoming 65,000 refugees a year, which makes Obama’s 10,000 a year look like small potatoes. ( source ) Clinton blackmailed the Chinese by telling them that the US would base missiles in the region if they didn’t exert some control over North Korean aggression. “ So China, come on. You either control them or we’re going to have to defend against them ,” she purportedly told the audience at a Goldman Sachs conference in June 2013. ( source ) In May 2015, Clinton was no longer Secretary of State but was ready to announce she was running for President when she was invited to attend a summit in Morrocco. The implication from the leaked emails was that a $12 million “donation” from the king of Morocco was dependent on Clinton attending the summit. Human Abedin, usually loyal to her boss, had concerns . “ If HRC was not part of it, meeting was a non-starter. She created this mess and she knows it. Her presence was a condition for the Moroccans to proceed so there is no going back on this,” Abedin wrote to Robbie Mook in a November 2014 email. Incidentally, Clinton didn’t attend. Bill and Chelsea went instead and the $12 million donation was not forthcoming. (source ) Podesta attacked Clinton’s primary election rival Bernie Sanders for criticizing the Paris climate change agreement. “ Can you believe that doofus Bernie attacked it? ” said Podesta. ( source ) Clinton told a Goldman Sachs conference she would like to intervene secretly in Syria . “ My view was you intervene as covertly as is possible for Americans to intervene,” she told employees of the bank in South Carolina, which had paid her about $225,000 to give a speech. “We used to be much better at this than we are now. Now, you know, everybody can’t help themselves. They have to go out and tell their friendly reporters and somebody else: Look what we’re doing and I want credit for it. ” (source ) There is indeed a definite link between the Clinton campaign and what MSM is allowed to say. The campaign has colluded directly with media spokespersons that read like a Who’s Who in American Media : Dan Merica from CNN, Haim Saban of Univision, John Harwood of CNBC and the NY Times, Rebecca Quick of CNBC, Maggie Haberman of NY Times and Politico, John Harris of Politico, Donna Brazile formerly of CNN, Roland Martin of TV-One, Marjorie Pritchard of The Boston Globe, and Louise Mensch of Heat Street. ( source ) As everyone knows, the DNC deliberately screwed Bernie Sanders out of the nomination ( Bonus: Wikileaks also released some of the DNC’s voicemails on the topic ). There are emails that prove who is actually pulling HRC’s puppet strings and that puppeteer is George Soros . The shadow government is not just a conspiracy theory – it really exists and Hillary’s job is to keep George Soros happy. ( source ) Excerpts from her speeches to Wall Street read like a guide to two-faced treachery. In them, she clearly points out that sometimes you “need” to lie. “If everybody’s watching, you know, all of the back room discussions and the deals, you know, then people get a little nervous, to say the least. So, you need both a public and a private position.” ( source ) Wikileaks emails show that back when she still worked for CNN and before she became an employee of the Clinton campaign, Donna Brazile gave Hillary the questions in advance for her “impromptu” CNN Town Hall questions. ( source ) The campaign got to “approve” articles in influential publications like NY Times, HuffPo, CNN, NBC, CBS, NYT, MSNBC, and Politico, showing a massive collusion with the mainstream media, who has hounded Trump relentlessly in an effort to distract from HRC’s abysmal candidacy. ( source ) Through the treasure trove of Wikileaks emails, we can gain an accurate picture of how Hillary really feels about us all (spoiler: basket of deplorables, basement dwellers and right wing conspirators) ( source ) President Obama knew the whole time that her emails were not coming from the secure State Department server. Cheryl Mills wrote to John Podesta, “W e need to clean this up – he has emails from her – they do not say state.gov .” You see, Obama’s emails all have to be from”whitelisted”addresses. So someone, somewhere, added her nonsecure email to his whitelist. ( source ) 
And finally, here’s the real reason that treacherous shrew is involved in politics. And let me tell you, it isn’t because she yearns to make things better for anyone but herself. (emphasis mine.) 
At the Goldman Sachs Builders and Innovators Summit, Clinton responded to a question from chief executive Lloyd Blankfein, who quipped that you “go to Washington” to “make a small fortune.” Clinton agreed with the comment and complained about ethics rules that require officials to divest from certain assets before entering government. “ There is such a bias against people who have led successful and/or complicated lives, ” Clinton said. ( source ) 
Together, we cannot be ignored. 
I am on a mission between now and the Presidential Election on November 8th and I hope that you will join me. 
I am going to work day and night to provide the coverage that the mainstream media is not. It isn’t until we combine all of our voices that we can make people listen to the scandals, the rigging, and the corruption, not only in this election but in the system in general. Please join your voice with mine by liking, sharing, and spreading the word. 
Together, we cannot be ignored. Together, we are an army. Share This Article...",0
16289,Liberal Cities React to Trump’s Paris Decision by Shining Green Lights on Buildings,"Liberal cities across the globe are getting all symbolic in the wake of President Trump’s decision to pull the U. S. out of the Paris climate accord  —   by shining green lights on buildings. [Trump announced Thursday that he will pull the U. S. out of the 2015 Paris accord, causing dismay among liberal politicians and media outlets across the globe. Some mayors and governors have said they intend to carry on with the agreement in their cities.  But now, some of those liberal enclaves are expressing their support for the accord by turning their buildings green as a sign of their environmentalism. In New York City, Boston and Washington D. C. buildings turned green at the behest of the cities’ liberal politicians. City Hall shines green tonight because New York City will honor the goals of the #ParisAgreement. pic. twitter.   —   Bill de Blasio (@NYCMayor) June 2, 2017,  City Hall is green tonight.  Boston stands with the environment.  We must protect our future. #ParisAccord pic. twitter.   —   Mayor Marty Walsh (@marty_walsh) June 2, 2017,  Exiting the #ParisAgreement may make us see red  feel blue, but the Wilson Building’s lit up green tonight to prove the fight endures pic. twitter.   —   Council of DC (@councilofdc) June 2, 2017,  Abroad, Paris, Montreal and Mexico City also got in on the fun. Regardless of #Trump’s decision, cities will apply #ParisAgreement. #Climate pic. twitter.   —   Anne Hidalgo (@Anne_Hidalgo) June 1, 2017,  Les Changements climatiques existent! Montréal supporte #AccorddeParis Montréal supports #ParisAccord @c40cities pic. twitter.   —   DenisCoderre (@DenisCoderre) June 2, 2017,  🇲🇽Mexico City lighted city hall  monuments green to express his commitment to the #ParisAgreement 🇲🇽 #Cities4Climate pic. twitter.   —   C40 Cities (@c40cities) June 2, 2017,  The push by liberal cities across the globe may not be surprising. Despite Trump’s openness to negotiating the accord, local and world leaders reacted angrily to the announcement. The governments of Italy, France, and Germany on Thursday rejected the offer, saying in a joint statement that the agreement  “cannot be renegotiated, since it is a vital instrument for our planet, societies and economies. ” Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY",0
16290,VIDEO: Proof Hillary’s Frail Health is Becoming an Issue,"Pinterest 
Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is clearly not in good health, and for a couple of campaign events she actually managed to do, we have more video of her failing health which the liberal mainstream media tries to sweep under the rug . 
On Thursday, Clinton struggled to climb the steps of her campaign plane on her way to a rally in Winston Salem, North Carolina. 
The rainy day had Clinton holding an umbrella as she labored her way up the stairs. Live Satellite News posted the video and noted that Clinton appeared to be “mumbling to herself.” 
Clinton almost missed a stair, and as The American Mirror pointed out, from the time she left her motorcade all the way up the plane stairs, Clinton seemed “wobbly and unsteady.” 
Watch the video below yourself where Clinton appeared to be pained as she climbed the campaign plane stairs: 
The American Mirror posted another video, this time from The Last Stand, in which Clinton couldn’t tackle an approximately 18-inch step without assistance. The title of the video referenced Clinton’s “Stronger Together” campaign slogan — one that she apparently has taken literally thanks to her clearly failing health. 
As you can see in the second video, the man who assisted Clinton didn’t just happen to be there and thought it would be nice to extend a hand to the elderly woman. No, he bounded over to Clinton when she neared the step. He stood nearby in what looked like an effort to be ready to help her descend the single step or steady her on the platform. 
Now, some who haven’t followed the campaign closely may think that this is nit-picky, but it isn’t. It’s a little odd on its own, but when you add it to the mountain of evidence over the years of Clinton’s failing health, it says a great deal. 
Can you imagine the media uproar if Donald Trump exhibited a tenth of the issues Clinton has on the campaign trail? You don’t have to — just this week Trump took 90 minutes “off” of the campaign trail to open his new Washington hotel, Washington Trump International, and CNN’s Dana Bash managed to ask a question that served as a dig. 
“For people who say you’re taking time out of swing states to go do this,” Bash asked. Trump, with his hectic schedule that more than puts Clinton to shame, wasn’t having it: “For you to ask me that question is actually very insulting, because Hillary Clinton does one stop and then goes home and sleeps. Yet you’ll ask me that question.” 
He’s right. There have been numerous examples of Clinton’s failing health that have barely gained media attention aside from her collapse at a Sept. 11 memorial this year that forced the biased media to reluctantly cover it. 
The media is in the bag for Clinton, there’s no doubt about it . They may not note her clear health issues that she refuses to disclose the public, but we will.",0
16291,The Twists and Turns of ‘La Marseillaise’ - The New York Times,"PARIS  —   Last November, immediately after the Bataclan terror attacks here, France’s national anthem took on a global significance that few would have predicted. “La Marseillaise” was sung at rallies across the country, in English soccer stadiums and American concert halls. But it was actually a song transformed  —   throwing off its appropriation by the far right to become an anthem of unity and hope. That change had begun to occur after the earlier Charlie Hebdo attack  —   something noted by President François Hollande, who named 2016 the Year of the “Marseillaise. ” This month, about 100 academics, government officials and military personnel gathered at a daylong conference at the French Defense Ministry to help mark an end to that commemoration. They debated the song’s meaning, especially its climax that calls on people to “water the fields with impure blood” (the debate was over whose blood it was). They discussed how its melody had inspired revolutionaries from Russia to Chile. And they listened to countless versions of it, a feminist “Marseillaise” going down particularly well (its chorus  —   “Tremble, tremble, jealous husbands”  —   was met with laughter).   Todeschini, who is responsible for veteran affairs at the Defense Ministry, said that the Year of the Marseillaise was declared precisely so that the French, especially the young, could   the republican values of the song, which was written by Claude Joseph Rouget de Lisle in 1792 during the French Revolution. “I am thinking in particular of freedom, resistance and fraternity,” he said. “It belongs to all the French, not to one political party or sectarian ideology. It’s important in the current context of terrorism and risk to our social cohesion to unite all French people around our hymn. ” At the same time that the government has been promoting its reappropriation, others in France have been debating the value of the song  —   and its ability to unite  —   in less formal settings. “I didn’t grow up with the mentality of singing it,” said Philippe Fragione, better known as Akhenaton, one of France’s most popular rappers. “I’m from Marseilles and there’s always been a feeling there that we have to rebel against the state. My view changed a bit after the attacks when people in other countries were singing it  —   that showed solidarity  —   but sometimes politicians and fake philosophers use it to point out differences, and that’s a problem. ” Magyd Cherfi, a   writer and frontman of the band Zebda, said that in his view, “things have evolved in France” over the past year, changing people’s relationship to the country and the anthem. “Fear lives on every street now and people lose confidence in the nation. They take refuge in extremes. ” Mr. Cherfi has a long, complicated history with the “Marseillaise. ” In the late 1990s, he made an album of covers of revolutionary songs, but chose not to include the anthem, saying at the time, “France, in some ways, does not want us,” referring to   immigrants like himself. However, after the Paris attacks, he wrote in a widely republished Facebook post: “There are days like this when we love France, when we want to sing the ‘Marseillaise.’ ” He went on: “It was carnage and it’s my day of baptism. I become solemnly French. ” He feels the same connection today, he said, but seems less certain about the anthem. “The Marseillaise is lost in modernity,” he said. “It addresses the French of more than two centuries ago. I think it is good to change the text to make it more universal, because now France’s children are black, Asian, North African. They must find themselves in it. ” There are no surveys to reveal how common such views are, but it is just as easy to find people who celebrate the song. Georges Salines of the victim association 13onze15: Fraternité et Vérité lost his daughter, Lola, in the attack at the Bataclan concert hall and soon afterward heard the “Marseillaise” at a national remembrance ceremony. “I’m not really a fan of the tune, but it was the version by Berlioz, and it was most beautiful I’d ever heard,” he said. He buried his daughter on the same day. “I can’t separate it from those memories now. It’s taken a different meaning to me, beyond an anthem. ” He said the “Marseillaise” has probably helped unite the country since the attacks thanks to its lyrics “against tyranny, absolutism and intolerance. ” He said he understood why some disliked it, since he used to share many of their reservations. But he disagrees with calls to change the words. “I don’t like this idea of correcting pieces of art for political correctness purposes,” he said. “There are racist phrases in ‘Tom Sawyer,’ but you will not change ‘Tom Sawyer.’ ” The Year of the Marseillaise has not put questions of national identity at its forefront, preferring initiatives focused on educating children about the anthem’s origins. Not all have been successful. A competition for musicians to cover the anthem, for instance, largely received joke entries. One simply involved Google Translate reading out the lyrics. Even the winner turned the anthem into a stark soul song. (The singer behind it, Student Kay, said this was because he found its call for sacrifice “quite tragic. ”) Speakers at the conference this month agreed that the anthem was playing perhaps its largest role since World War II, when it helped motivate people against German invaders and the collaborationist Vichy government. “In recent years, the Front National were the only party to use these republican symbols,” said Hervé Drévillon, a professor of modern history at Paris 1 university, referring to the   party. “The attacks gave legitimacy to the other parties to   it. ” All the candidates for next year’s French presidential election have been singing it at rallies, he added. But several speakers noted that some in France were still uncomfortable with the anthem. They either find its lyrics calling citizens “to arms” outdated and violent, or find the line about “impure blood” inflammatory given France’s colonial history.   and Corsicans booed the anthem at football matches in the 2000s. Mathieu Schwartz, a documentary maker who spoke at the conference, said such objections were not about “La Marseillaise” itself. “I don’t think it’s any different from other national hymns,” he said. “If you have a problem with the nation, you have a problem with it. If you changed the music or words, you’d still have a problem. ” Ismael El Iraki, a Moroccan filmmaker who has been living in Paris for 15 years and escaped the Bataclan during the attacks, said the lyrics did not need to be changed. “That infamous line about impure blood is my favorite,” he said, sharing an unusual interpretation from his high school history teacher: Rouget de Lisle was calling on people to shed their own impure blood in defense of the French Revolution  —   purity having been something previously associated with the aristocracy. “That’s why I love the ‘Marseillaise,’ ” he said. “In a moment in history where purity is used as a horrible goal by jihadists and   fear mongers alike, I think it’s a cool line to keep in mind, reminding us that impurity is our own, and our strength. ”",0
16292,"Mets Said to Re-Sign Yoenis Cespedes for Four Years, $110 Million - The New York Times","From the onset of the   the Mets made it clear that their biggest desire was to retain Yoenis Cespedes, the   outfielder who helped transform them into a World Series contender in 2015 and a playoff team in 2016. They knew that his powerful   bat perfectly complemented their lineup and that, as their best   player, he offered them their best chance at competing for a title. On Tuesday, for the second   in a row, the Mets agreed to a deal with Cespedes, this time to the largest   contract they have offered any player in Sandy Alderson’s tenure as general manager: four years and $110 million, according to three people directly involved with the deal who were not authorized to speak about it publicly. The contract, which was still being completed on Tuesday, was contingent on a physical exam, which could be conducted as soon as Wednesday. The deal also included a full   clause, one of the people involved in the agreement said. Fox Sports first reported the deal. Cespedes, 31, was one of the top free agents on the market. He returned to the Mets last winter on a   $75 million contract that included an   clause after the 2016 season. After he posted another strong season  —   a . 280 average with 31 home runs and 86 R. B. I.  —   he exercised the   provision. In contrast with last winter, when the Mets were initially pessimistic about their chances of retaining him, the team thought it had a good chance this time. Cespedes had loved his year and a half with the Mets, performing well in baseball’s largest market, and team officials were confident that Cespedes, a flashy, talented and sometimes enigmatic outfielder, wanted to remain with the franchise. He also formed a strong bond with his teammates Jose Reyes and Asdrubal Cabrera. The Mets did not give Cespedes a   deal, as originally expected. But the Mets and Alderson, who is often leery of   deals for players in their 30s, enticed Cespedes with a high annual salary. The Washington Nationals, the San Francisco Giants and the Houston Astros were also considered potential suitors for Cespedes. Cespedes’s $27. 5 million average salary would be the highest in Mets history, and the highest for any outfielder in baseball. His average salary would also be the   for a position player Miguel Cabrera, the Detroit Tigers’ first baseman, has an average annual salary of $31 million. The largest   contract in Mets history is Carlos Beltran’s   $119 million deal, signed in the winter before the 2005 season. But Cespedes has far surpassed Beltran in average annual salary. Cespedes will have made $137. 6 million over five years from 2016 to 2020 with the Mets. It took two contracts and an   decision to reach that level of compensation. With Cespedes in the fold, the heavy lifting of the Mets’   is complete they have retained their two biggest free agents. Second baseman Neil Walker, who had   back surgery in September, accepted the Mets’   $17. 2 million qualifying offer on Nov. 14. The Mets made a qualifying offer to Cespedes, who rejected it, and they would have received a draft pick if he had signed elsewhere. The Mets can now turn their attention to shoring up their bullpen and determining what to do with their glut of outfielders, most of them   hitters. Jay Bruce, a   corner outfielder acquired by the Mets in August, has one year and $13 million left on his contract and could be traded. Curtis Granderson is entering the final year of his   $60 million deal and could also be expendable. Cespedes, who frequently played center field in 2015 after a trade to the Mets, is likely to return to left field, where he played for much of last season after a leg injury. Center could be manned by a rotation of Granderson, Michael Conforto and Juan Lagares. The Mets finished the season with a payroll of about $135 million, and it is expected to remain in that neighborhood in 2017. The team’s backbone is its young and relatively inexpensive starting rotation, which was staggered by injuries last season. The team is counting on comebacks by Zack Wheeler, Matt Harvey, Jacob deGrom and Steven Matz. Harvey, the first of the team’s young starters to be eligible for free agency, has two more seasons left under team control. With deGrom, Matz and Noah Syndergaard under control for a longer period, the team has a window to remain a contender while Cespedes is under contract.",0
16293,Fact Check: Trump Is Right that Clinton Might Cause WW3,"She explains : 
Hillary Clinton wants to start an air war with Russia. Let’s be clear: That’s what a no-fly zone means. It is tantamount to a declaration of war against Russia. 

*** 

Clearly the Democrats are incredibly embarrassed about the nature of these [email] revelations, and they’ve created a smokescreen here to try and distract from that. But that smokescreen is pushing us to the brink of warfare with Russia now, where you have the U.S. head of defense, Ashton Carter, talking about nuclear war. We just did a dry run dropping fake nuclear bombs over Nevada. This is really dangerous stuff; this is not pretend. So we need to take a deep breath here, we need to step back and stop beating the war drums. In this context, Hillary Clinton is talking about starting an air war with Russia. Which could slide—you know, we’re on the verge of nuclear war right now. 

*** 

The most likely nuclear threat right now is with Russia. There’s no doubt about that. When you have Mikhail Gorbachev, who was the prime minister of the Soviet Union during the Cold War, saying that the threat of nuclear war is hotter now than it has ever been in all of history, you’ve got to take that pretty seriously. And when you have Hillary Clinton then beating the war drums against Russia, and essentially saying that if she’s elected that we will declare war on Russia—because that’s what a no-fly zone over Syria amounts to. Shooting down Russian warplanes. 

*** 

Hillary Clinton is a disastrous nuclear threat right now in a context where we’re already off-the-charts in the risk of nuclear war. She has stated in this context that she’s essentially opening up a battlefront with Russia. So to my mind, this emerges as the clearest and most present danger. 
Prominent liberal economist Jeffrey Sachs writes in the Huffington Post, in an essay bannered “ Hillary Is the Candidate of the War Machine “: 
It is often believed that the Republicans are the neocons and the Democrats act as restraints on the warmongering. This is not correct. Both parties are divided between neocon hawks and cautious realists who don’t want the US in unending war. Hillary is a staunch neocon whose record of favoring American war adventures explains much of our current security danger. 

Just as the last Clinton presidency set the stage for financial collapse, it also set the stage for unending war. On October 31, 1998 President Clinton signed the Iraq Liberation Act that made it official US policy to support “regime change” in Iraq. 
It should be the policy of the United States to support efforts to remove the regime headed by Saddam Hussein from power in Iraq and to promote the emergence of a democratic government to replace that regime. 
Thus were laid the foundations for the Iraq War in 2003. 

Of course, by 2003, Hillary was a Senator and a staunch supporter of the Iraq War, which has cost the US trillions of dollars, thousands of lives, and done more to create ISIS and Middle East instability than any other single decision of modern foreign policy. In defending her vote, Hillary parroted the phony propaganda of the CIA: 
“In the four years since the inspectors left, intelligence reports show that Saddam Hussein has worked to rebuild his chemical and biological weapons stock, his missile delivery capability, and his nuclear program. He has also given aid, comfort, and sanctuary to terrorists, including Al Qaeda members…“ 
After the Iraq Liberation Act came the 1999 Kosovo War, in which Bill Clinton called in NATO to bomb Belgrade, in the heart of Europe, and unleashing another decade of unrest in the Balkans. Hillary, traveling in Africa, called Bill: “I urged him to bomb,” she told reporter Lucinda Frank. 

Hillary’s record as Secretary of State is among the most militaristic, and disastrous, of modern US history . Some experience. Hilary was a staunch defender of the military-industrial-intelligence complex at every turn, helping to spread the Iraq mayhem over a swath of violence that now stretches from Mali to Afghanistan. Two disasters loom largest: Libya and Syria. 

Hillary has been much attacked for the deaths of US diplomats in Benghazi, but her tireless promotion of the overthrow Muammar Qaddafi by NATO bombing is the far graver disaster. Hillary strongly promoted NATO-led regime change in Libya, not only in violation of international law but counter to the most basic good judgment. After the NATO bombing, Libya descended into civil war while the paramilitaries and unsecured arms stashes in Libya quickly spread west across the African Sahel and east to Syria. The Libyan disaster has spawned war in Mali, fed weapons to Boko Haram in Nigeria, and fueled ISIS in Syria and Iraq. In the meantime, Hillary found it hilarious to declare of Qaddafi: “We came, we saw, he died.” 

Perhaps the crowning disaster of this long list of disasters has been Hillary’s relentless promotion of CIA-led regime change in Syria. Once again Hillary bought into the CIA propaganda that regime change to remove Bashir al-Assad would be quick, costless, and surely successful. In August 2011, Hillary led the US into disaster with her declaration Assad must “get out of the way,” backed by secret CIA operations. 

Five years later, no place on the planet is more ravaged by unending war, and no place poses a great threat to US security. More than 10 million Syrians are displaced, and the refugees are drowning in the Mediterranean or undermining the political stability of Greece, Turkey, and the European Union. Into the chaos created by the secret CIA-Saudi operations to overthrow Assad, ISIS has filled the vacuum, and has used Syria as the base for worldwide terrorist attacks. 

The list of her incompetence and warmongering goes on. Hillary’s support at every turn for NATO expansion, including even into Ukraine and Georgia against all common sense, was a trip wire that violated the post-Cold War settlement in Europe in 1991 and that led to Russia’s violent counter-reactions in both Georgia and Ukraine. As Senator in 2008, Hilary co-sponsored 2008-SR439 , to include Ukraine and Georgia in NATO. As Secretary of State, she then presided over the restart of the Cold War with Russia. 

It is hard to know the roots of this record of disaster. Is it chronically bad judgment? Is it her preternatural faith in the lying machine of the CIA? 
Is it a repeated attempt to show that as a Democrat she would be more hawkish than the Republicans? Is it to satisfy her hardline campaign financiers? Who knows? Maybe it’s all of the above. But whatever the reasons, hers is a record of disaster. Perhaps more than any other person, Hillary can lay claim to having stoked the violence that stretches from West Africa to Central Asia and that threatens US security . 
Jakob Augstein notes in Der Spiegel: 
Trump would probably be the better choice in the question of war and peace than Clinton. 

Clinton has expressly expressed the wish to establish a flight ban on Syria, or parts of it. *** In truth, it would be an act of war. The risks are unpredictable. Above all, the risk of a military conflict with Russia. 

*** 
The highest soldier of the United States of America, General Joseph Dunford, President of the United States General Staff of the United States Forces, is certain. To control the entire airspace over Syria would mean war with Syria and Russia. Dunford’s predecessor in office estimated a few years ago that an effective flight bomb over Syria would involve the use of 70,000 soldiers and a monthly cost of $ 1 billion. 
But the bottom line is Clinton’s proven historical track record … she’s at least partly responsible for war after catastrophic war and coup after disastrous coup in Libya, Syria, Kosovo, Haiti, Honduras and other countries around the world. 
Trump might speak in a crude, knee-jerk manner … but Clinton is probably more likely to actually get us into war.",0
16294,#NoDAPL Situation Critical,"=By= Zoë Carpenter from The Nation 
A fter a weekend of mass arrests, people protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline are preparing for another clash with a growing and increasingly militarized police force near Cannon Ball, North Dakota. On Sunday, demonstrators set up a new camp, called Winter Camp, in the pathway of pipeline construction, on what they consider unceded territory belonging to them under the 1851 Laramie Treaty. But Dakota Access LLC, the pipeline developer, said in a statement that they would be “removed from the land,” which the company purchased from a local rancher last month. Police said on Wednesday that they are prepared to carry out that threat. “It’s obvious we have the resources, we have the manpower, to go down there and end this,” Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney said in an interview. 
As the prospect of a raid on the Winter Camp looms, human-rights groups are increasingly concerned about law enforcement’s use of force against peaceful pipeline protesters (who call themselves “water protectors”), as well as journalists and legal observers. Demonstrators reported being pepper sprayed, beaten with batons, and strip searched in custody during the weekend’s arrests. Journalists were also arrested, and had their equipment confiscated. 
In a Facebook post, Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier described Saturday’s demonstration as a “riot,” and wrote that the “situation clearly illustrates what we have been saying for weeks, that this protest is not peaceful or lawful.” But it wasn’t immediately clear what he meant by a riot: The photo that accompanied the Facebook post showed protesters walking calmly through a field carrying banners and signs. Video footage showed people standing together, backing up as police approached. The only supposedly aggressive acts that the sheriff’s department described in any specific form included that two arrows were shot towards law enforcement, one officer was spit on, and that a drone that protesters were using to monitor police activity “attacked” a helicopter. 
On Sunday, the Morton County Sheriff called for additional law-enforcement personnel from outside North Dakota. Officers from at least six other states—Wisconsin, South Dakota, Minnesota, Wyoming, Indiana, and Nebraska—have arrived so far. In his call for more resources, the sheriff cited “escalated unlawful tactics by individuals protesting the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline.” State and local officials also requested, and received , temporary flight restrictions from the Federal Aviation Administration in a seven-mile radius around the protest camps, which may be an attempt to keep away news helicopters, as it was during the 2014 protests in Ferguson, Missouri. 
“We have heard reports of escalation [from law enforcement], and we continue to be concerned with a number of issues,” said Tarah Demant, the senior director of Amnesty International’s Identity and Discrimination Unit. She cited the “sheer number” of police that have been brought into the area; their use of military-style equipment including riot and camouflage gear, semi-automatic weapons, and armored vehicles; and the force that they’re using to make arrests. “If police are making arrests—for example, for trespassing—they must be done in a way that upholds the rights of the people who are being arrested. And they need to be commensurate with the crime. The idea that police need to come out with pepper spray…is worrisome,” Demant said. “If there is a riot, then police or authorities have to provide evidence of that.” 
Demant is also concerned with rhetoric coming out of the Morton County Sheriff’s office. The department has repeatedly emphasized that protesters are violent, though there is little evidence to back up its claim. In September, for instance, Kirchmeier spread a rumor that demonstrators were threatening to use pipe bombs against officers. “We’ve seen this in multiple places across the world, and in dictatorships. Declaring that something is a riot is a way to shut down protests,” Demant said. “If there is a riot, then police or authorities have to provide evidence of that.” She said the response from North Dakota officials fits a pattern of increasing militarization of law enforcement across the country, but that it also echoes a long history of official, state-sanctioned violence against indigenous people. 
Law enforcement officials have said that they are only responding to illegal activity on private property. “We’re having our hand forced…. we have to defend rule of law, and we have to make those arrests,” Sheriff Laney said in the Wednesday interview. But Jennifer Cook, the policy director for the American Civil Liberties Union of North Dakota, said that, while trespassing is illegal, it’s not a crime that warrants a militarized response. “Even if [demonstrators] are on private land, and the private landowner requests that law enforcement eject them, it is in no way justified for law enforcement to come out and use excessive force against them,” Cook said. She said that officials have been “ramping up” the seriousness of the charges they’re filing against protesters (and against journalists: Democracy Now! ’s Amy Goodman was arrested on a “riot” charge). She sees that as an attempt to “justify the militarized response,” rather than a reflection of demonstrators’ actually acting aggressively themselves. 
On Saturday, Standing Rock Sioux chairman David Archambault II called on the Department of Justice to investigate the “strong-arm tactics, abuses and unlawful arrests by law enforcement” in North Dakota. Though officials have consistently denied that they’ve used excessive force, on Wednesday the Morton County sheriff’s office did admit that the dog handlers whose animals attacked protesters in September “were not properly licensed to do security work in the state of North Dakota.” It took nearly two months for them to reach that conclusion.",0
16295,Podesta relative earned six-figure fees lobbying Clintons State Dept. during his tenure there,"This is how it works in the Clinton Cabal...or is it the Mainstream Mafia. 1) Qatar supports ISIS (just by the way) 2) Qatar wants to buy advanced U.S. missile defence systems, Apache attack helicopters and other military materiel 3) Ratheon (a big defence contractor) wants to sell said U.S. Military goods to Qatar 4) These kinds of foreign military sales have to be approved by the State Department 5) Hillary becomes Secretary of State 6) Hillary has a ""Charitable Foundation"" 7) Hillary has a former POTUS as her spouse 8) Hillary has a network of aides, confidants, bundlers and fundraisers at her beck and call (all part of the Clinton Organized Crime Family) 9) John Podesta (at that time)...yeah the same John Podesta who is having all of his emails released right now... held dual titles at the State Department: as a ""senior advisor"", and as a member of a foreign policy advisory board Secretary Clinton created. 10) Ratheon hires John Podesta's sister-in-law (Heather Podesta), along with John Merrigan and Matt Bernstein (both major donors or bundlers to Hillary Clinton’s 2008 and 2016 campaigns). This guaranteed them access to Hillary Clinton. 11) Qatar, meanwhile, donated millions to the Clinton Foundation. They hired Bill Clinton to make 2 speeches that paid him between $500,000 and $1 million dollars. They gave Slick Willy another $1 million as a birthday gift...aaahhh, isn't that sweet? 12) The $19 billion dollar sale from Ratheon to Qatar was...wait for it - approved by Hillary Clinton! Yeah!! 13) Heather Podesta, John Merrigan and Matt Berstein were paid $460,000 in Lobbying Fees by Ratheon 14) Hillary Clinton left the State Department 15) Ratheon released Podesta, Merrigan and Bernstein...as they no longer had direct and personal access to the Secretary of State. This is how it is done folks. This is pay-for-play. The ISIS supporting nation of Qatar gets advanced U.S. Military gear, the Clintons, the Podestas, and assorted others in the Clinton Crime Family get rich(er). There are still a lot of Americans who need to wake up, pay attention, and then make the right decision on November 8th.",0
16296,Rosie O’Donnell to Lead Anti-Trump Protest Outside White House,"Rosie O’Donnell is set to lead a rally in protest of Donald Trump in front of the White House Tuesday, just hours before the president delivers his first address to a joint session of Congress. [“Following the first disastrous month of his administration, Trump is expected to articulate a discriminatory agenda that continues to put people in harm’s way, undermines equality and our shared values, and damages our environment,” the group Advocates Resisting Trump Agenda said in a statement announcing the rally.  “The rally will feature speakers from diverse organizations and groups of people who have been impacted and harmed by the Trump administration’s policies, including women, people of color and members of the LGBTQ community, as well as environmental and immigrants’ rights groups,” the statement read. The rally  —   dubbed “A Resistance Address: Defending American Values in a Time of Moral Crisis”  —   is set to begin Tuesday at 6 p. m. Eastern. O’Donnell’s   public feud with Trump reached a new low after the election when the former View host shared a video on social media that questioned whether or not Trump’s youngest son, Barron, was autistic. While O’Donnell eventually apologized to Melania Trump for attacking her    the   comedienne ratcheted up her criticism of Trump’s administration. O’Donnell’s participation in the   rally comes on the heels of her failed bid to play Trump chief strategist Steve Bannon on Saturday Night Live.  Among the list of   organizations participating in Tuesday’s protest outside the White House in Washington’s Lafayette Park are the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and   websites DailyKos and MoveOn. org. The event starts at 6pm EST and will stream live online.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
16297,WikiLeaks Expose Hillary Clinton’s Daytime Drinking,"Posted on October 28, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News , US // 1 Comment 
Hillary Clinton spent a whole afternoon drunk and unresponsive while her campaign staff tried to reach her, a new WikiLeaks email reveals. 
An Aug. 8, 2015, email exchange with the subject “ Have you sent her the docs? ” between campaign chairman John Podesta and top aide Jennifer Palmieri revealed the two discussing whether to call Hillary and “ sober her up some .” 
John Podesta also suggested Hillary’s judgement might be impaired considering her drunken state. 
“ Should I call her and talk this through or better leave with you? ” Podesta asked at 2 p.m. 
“ I’m worried she’ll get on with Cheryl [Mills] and we’ll end up in a bad place. ” 
Two hours later Palmieri decided it was time drunk Hillary was roused from her unresponsive state. 
“ I think you should call her and sober her up some, ” she said. Is Hillary Clinton’s judgement impaired due to her daytime consumption of alcohol?",0
16298,1 in 5 Child Deaths In London Borough Caused by Parents Being ’Close Relatives’,"A new report from the London Borough of Redbridge has revealed almost one in five of all child deaths in the area since 2008 were down to their parents being close relatives. [The statistic was discussed at a meeting of the Redbridge Council Health and   Board on Monday, with the matter of child fatality being raised.  The council’s report found between 2008 and 2016, 19 per cent of child deaths in the borough were caused by infants being born to “consanguineous relationships”  —   marriage or otherwise sexual relations between couples who are first cousins or closer. The recording year of   saw the highest number of child deaths in the period. Of all deaths in that year, the second greatest cause was “chromosomal, genetic or congenital abnormalities”. Overall, 65 per cent of child deaths occurred before the age of one. The Ilford Recorder reports the remarks of Child Death Overview Panel Chairman Gladys Xavier who told the meeting there were ongoing education programmes targeting Asian communities in the area to address the prevalence of incest, which the paper referred to as a “continued problem”. The council has also asked local schools to emphasise the teaching of genetics to children. The 2011 census found that 41 per cent of Redbridge residents identified as Asian or Asian British, and the religious makeup of the area was 36. 8 per cent Christian, 23. 3 per cent Muslim, and 11. 4 per cent Hindu. Concerns over consanguineous relationships in Redbridge focus around particular communities in the borough, with the report stating the practice “is most common among Pakistani communities” and the same pattern can be observed in Redbridge. Of all child deaths in the area in the time studies, nine per cent were to Pakistani ethnicity parents and were the “result of genetic complications arising from having related parents”. Despite the attempts to reach out to these communities, there was a concern the educational drive was falling on deaf ears. Councillor Joyce Ryan told the board meeting: “Although everyone is battling hard at this it is something that some communities struggle to accept and sometimes do not want to accept. ”  ",0
16299,Assange Destroys Hillary Clinton In His Most Provocative Interview Ever [Watch],"Last week, Julian Assange, Editor-In-Chief of WikiLeaks, sat down with John Pilger, Australian journalist and filmmaker, for what is arguably Assange’s most provocative interview ever. During... ",0
16300,Street Artist Mocks ’Hollywood Royalty’ with Fake Oscars Posters,"Conservative street artist Sabo has struck again, this time with a series of posters mocking the upcoming Academy Awards that he plastered all over Hollywood with just 48 hours to go until the big show. [The Los     “rebel artist” shared photographs of his handiwork on his Twitter page Friday the work includes a poster with a quote from the Quentin Tarantino film True Romance: “All those assholes make are unwatchable movies from unreadable books. ”  DISCOUNTING HOLLYWOOD by SABO https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   unsavoryagents (@unsavoryagents) February 24, 2017,  Another one of Sabo’s posters was pasted onto a Redbox movie rental kiosk: “Yeah! We wouldn’t have paid full price to watch any Oscar nominated movies either,” reads the caption. In a post on his website, the artist wrote that it was “out of touch actors who rail against my political beliefs” that served as the inspiration for the latest work, which he calls, “Discounting Hollywood. ” “Shia LaBeouf, Bryan Cranston, Cher, Madonna, Ashley Judd, Matt Damon, Ben Affleck   …     I could go on all day, have shot their mouths off long enough calling people like myself every vile name in the book, again and again, and again, and again,” Sabo wrote. “I used to really love movies and the occasional tv show but not so much these days. I ‘discount’ what goes on in them these days more than ever. ” The artist cited a recent Hollywood Reporter poll that found that 60 percent of Americans cannot name one nominee for Best Picture. “What this tells me is America for the most part is more and more discounting what’s coming out of Hollywood,” he said. “And I’m sure many who do eventually watch these movies are waiting for them to show up on RedBox because $1. 50 is all they think they are worth.  ” Sabo told the Hollywood Reporter on Friday that he hopes the posters will remain up outside the Dolby Theater ahead of Sunday night’s ceremony. “These pieces look so legit no one is thinking to take them down,” he told the outlet. “It almost looks like a real Redbox ad. ” Sabo repeatedly used his artwork and the streets of Los Angeles to skewer celebrities and liberal politicians during the 2016 presidential election. In August, the artist targeted former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and actor Leonardo DiCaprio with “money laundering” street art after the election, he placed fake realtor  on bus benches that mocked celebrities’ promises to leave the country if Trump won. He has also used artwork to mock Hollywood’s vehement opposition to Trump, and to criticize the Iran nuclear deal.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
16301,Mom Speaks Out Against Abortion After Seeing Her Miscarried Baby,"ALERT: Angry Locals Drive Past Refugee Center, Do the Unthinkable 
“I wasn’t going to add to all the chatter littering my news feed about this presidential election. But after Wednesday night’s debate and moving through these last few days, desperately missing my babies that were lost either by miscarriage or stillbirth, NOT by my choosing … I can’t help but pen these words,” Andrews wrote. 
“For the first time in over a year, I watched and heard Donald Trump be sympathetic, dare I say, convicted even, of what he was saying. When he said (concerning abortion), ‘That’s not OK with me’ and ‘That’s not acceptable,’ and that he would appoint pro-life Supreme Court Justices … that was it. As a Christian, my choice was clear,” she continued, referring to the GOP nominee’s stance against abortion that he asserted during the Oct. 19 presidential debate. 
At the debate, Clinton voiced her support for abortion , including partial birth abortion. Previously she had stated that a fetus does not have constitutional rights.   
Clinton’s stance on abortion is not something Andrews takes lightly, as she has seen and held a fetus outside the womb. 
“Gabrielle was small, but even at 20 weeks she had all 10 fingers, all 10 toes, she had a beautiful face with a nose, lips, eyes and ears … she even had a cute little bum,” Andrews explained. 
“She was loved and she was wanted. Unfortunately she couldn’t be saved. But thousands more, just like her, can be … just not under a Clinton presidency. Hillary Clinton would probably call this post ‘scare rhetoric’… So be it. The idea of dismembering a human child SHOULD be scary.” 
Andrews continued to explain why the government should protect all human life.  ",0
16302,Report: Caitlyn Jenner Feels ’Liberated’ after Sex Reassignment Surgery,"Caitlyn Jenner, formerly known as Bruce Jenner, has undergone successful sex reassignment surgery, according to a book of memoirs set to be released later this month. [According to excerpts published by Radar Online, the    Jenner went under the knife for a “final surgery” in January of this year, just over two years after coming out as transgender in a blockbuster interview with Diane Sawyer in 2015.  “The surgery was a success, and I feel not only wonderful but liberated,” Jenner reportedly writes in Secrets of My Life, a book of memoirs due out April 25. “I am telling you because I believe in candor,” Jenner reportedly writes in the book. “So all of you can stop staring. You want to know, so now you know. Which is why this is the first time, and the last time, I will ever speak of it. ” In April 2015, Jenner  —   who earned a gold medal in the decathlon at the 1976 Olympic games in Montreal  —   told Diane Sawyer in a   interview that he had always been confused about his gender identity. “I am a woman,” Jenner said at the time. “It’s not like I’ve been dressing up like a woman, it’s like I’ve spent my whole life dressing like a man. ” Following the reveal, Jenner appeared on the cover of Vanity Fair, was named Glamour magazine’s “Woman of the Year” and was awarded the Arthur Ashe Courage Award at the 2015 ESPY Awards. Jenner also starred in the reality series I Am Cait, which ran for two seasons on E!. In the upcoming memoir, Jenner reportedly writes that the decision to go under the knife was “complex,” but ultimately, “it’s just a penis. ” “I just want to have all the right parts,” Jenner reportedly writes. “I am also tired of tucking the damn thing in all the time. ” Jenner still appears regularly on the E! series Keeping Up with the Kardashians. Secrets of My Life is due out April 25.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
16303,Immigration Expert Krikorian: White House ’Surrender’ on Budget Deal Is ’Betraying People Who Supported’ Trump,"Mark Krikorian, Executive Director, Center for Immigration Studies spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday regarding the recent budget deal, which lacks border wall funding. [Asked what he thought of the border security issue as addressed by the budget deal, Krikorian said, “I think it was a surrender on the part of the president. There’s a good reason that Schumer and Pelosi are crowing about how they won on this because they did. ”  While discussing the immigration issue in depth, added Krikorian, “There is the sense that in a lot of ways on immigration, the White House is now betraying people who supported him. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
16304,EPIC! TUCKER CARLSON Demolishes NYC Councilman Over Sanctuary Cities [Video],Go to Article Rafael Salamanca’s interview on “Tucker Carlson Tonight” was a major throw down of epic proportions. Reality hit this councilman and he just kept repeating the same talking points. If you want to go up against the brilliant Trucker Carlson then you need to have your facts straight.,0
16305,Are Hillary’s Eyes Cattywampus?,"PR Newswire October 27, 2016 
TUCSON, Ariz. , Oct. 25, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — Concerns about Hillary Clinton’s health have been subdued after her three debate performances. She presented her ability to survive 4-and-a-half hours on a stage with Donald Trump as proof of sufficient stamina to serve as commander-in-chief. 
“She evidently intended this as a joke, although I suspect our combat veterans would not be amused,” states AAPS executive director Jane Orient, M.D. 
Videos are, however, circulating on the internet, from her rather brief and rare appearances in public, which are purported to show pathological eye movements. 
“These are quick, episodic, and inconsistent,” states Dr. Orient, who is an internist. “So we decided to ask doctors on our email list to have a look at one of the videos . A helpful tool is to paste the URL into http://RowVid.com and watch it at half or quarter speed.” 
Nearly two-thirds of respondents said they saw abnormal movements. Only 15% did not, and 21% were unsure. There are long segments in which the eye movements appear normal. 
About 60% of those who saw abnormal movements thought “the cause could be a potentially disabling neurological condition,” and none of them were willing to say that it isn’t. 
Such movements signify an abnormality in portions of the brain that coordinate the eye muscles. There is a long differential diagnosis. Possibilities the respondents suggested include increased intracranial pressure (she is at risk for that because of her history of head trauma and a transverse sinus clot); a drug effect; or a chronic degenerative neurological condition. Parkinson’s disease is mentioned—with drug treatment concealing most manifestations but causing the eye signs. 
Doctors were asked which tests would be helpful, and 37 responded . The most common one was a full neurological examination by unbiased specialists, including a neuro-ophthalmologist. 
“A neuro-ophthalmologist could do a structured examination, but it might be normal at a moment in time. The video clips need to be explained,” stated Dr. Orient. “A cardiologist might do an electrocardiogram that is perfectly normal—but he will also look at a 24-hour monitor that may show a transient life-threatening rhythm disturbance.” 
A collection of additional clips in slow motion has been posted. 
“As Hillary revealed to the public, perhaps illegally, the President may have only four minutes to respond to a nuclear threat,” said Dr. Orient. “The public needs to know whether she is concealing a serious, progressive illness that may impair memory, reasoning, alertness, or ability to think quickly at a critical time.” 
The Association of American Physicians and Surgeons (AAPS) is a national organization representing physicians in virtually all specialties and every state. Founded in 1943, AAPS has the motto “omnia pro aegroto,” which means “all for the patient.” 
SOURCE Association of American Physicians and Surgeons (AAPS) Tags:",0
16306,Trump's Foreign Policy Is Sane While Clinton's Is Belligerent,"Trump's Foreign Policy Is Sane While Clinton's Is Belligerent 
At least on Syria and Russia relations there's no contest Originally appeared at Moon of Alabama 
Some highlights of a recent Donald Trump interview with Reuters: U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said on Tuesday that Democrat Hillary Clinton's plan for Syria would ""lead to World War Three,"" because of the potential for conflict with military forces from nuclear-armed Russia.
In an interview focused largely on foreign policy, Trump said defeating Islamic State is a higher priority than persuading Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down,.. 
Trump questioned how Clinton would negotiate with Russian President Vladimir Putin after demonizing him; blamed President Barack Obama for a downturn in U.S. relations with the Philippines under its new president, Rodrigo Duterte;... 
Trump's foreign policy talk is far more sane than Clinton's and her camp's. It is ludicrous to event think about openly attacking Russian (or Syrian) troops in Syria with an al-Qaeda supporting ""no-Fly-Zone"". Russia would respond by taking down U.S. planes over Syria. The Russian government would have to do so to uphold its authority internationally as well as at home. 
The U.S. could respond by destroying all Russian assets in and around Syria. It has the capabilities. But then what? If I were Putin my next step would be a nuclear test shoot in Siberia - a big one - to make a point and to wake up the rest of the world. I would also provide secret support to any indigenous anti-U.S. movement anywhere. China would support Russia as its first line of self defense. ""What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria,"" said Trump as he dined on fried eggs and sausage at his Trump National Doral golf resort. ""You’re going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton.
""You’re not fighting Syria any more, you’re fighting Syria, Russia and Iran, all right? Russia is a nuclear country, but a country where the nukes work as opposed to other countries that talk,"" he said. ...On Russia, Trump again knocked Clinton's handling of U.S.-Russian relations while secretary of state and said her harsh criticism of Putin raised questions about ""how she is going to go back and negotiate with this man who she has made to be so evil,"" if she wins the presidency. 
On the deterioration of ties with the Philippines, Trump aimed his criticism at Obama, saying the president ""wants to focus on his golf game"" rather than engage with world leaders. 
The last two points are important. Trump, despite all his bluster, knows about decency. What is the point of arrogantly scolding negotiation partner who have the power to block agreements you want or need? 
Why blame Russia for hacking wide open email servers when no Russian speakers were involved? Why blame Duterte? It is the U.S. that has a long history of violent racism in the Philippines and FBI agents committed false flag ""terrorism"" is Duterte's home town Davao. Bluster may paper over such history for a moment but it does not change the facts or helps solving problems. 
Trump's economic policies would be catastrophic for many people in the U.S. and elsewhere. But Hillary Clinton would put her husband, the man who deregulated Wall Street, back in charge of the economy. What do people expect the results would be? 
The points above may be obvious and one might be tempted to just pass them and dig into some nig-nagging of this or that election detail. But the above points as THE most important of any election. The welfare of the people is not decided with some ""liberal"" concession to this or that niche of the general society. The big issues count the most. Good or evil flow from them. Trumps principle, and I think personal position, is leaning towards peaceful resolution of conflicts. Clinton's preference is clearly, as her history shows, escalation and general belligerence. It is too risky to vote for her. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire",0
16307,Suppressed! Why is the Vatican covering up the history of the pre-flood world?,"Suppressed! Why is the Vatican covering up the history of the pre-flood world?   
There has been a massive cover-up by the Roman Catholic church to keep the general public from understanding that there was a pre-flood civilization. The history of the pre-flood world has been covered up and glossed over by the Vatican, due to Biblical ideologies and as a way to keep the world from interacting with alien species. Is the Vatican controlling history? Uncovering the suppression of pre-flood world history by the Vatican 
History has been overwritten by powerful forces, and artifacts and scholarly articles that would testify for this pre-flood world have been confiscated. Churches were built over pagan sites to both conquer the civilizations and to cover up pre-flood remains. A narrative has been propagated that we were once a Neanderthal species, which then evolved into our current human state. However, with first-hand testimony, it has been uncovered that this is false. But why would the core of the Roman Catholic church orchestrate this cover up? 
This is because this pre-flood civilization was in fact seeded by an alien species. This species built an amazing set of monoliths and towering artifacts, simply unparalleled in today’s world. These aliens seeded the early human populations to bring them to where we are today—although the flood wiped away much of this evidence. If the general public knew about this prior civilization, there would be no control over the population. Furthermore, the pagan sites that many churches were built over served as portals for these aliens to travel back and forth between Earth and their areas of the universe . 
Some evidence of this lies both in the remains of giants and those with other genetic deformities. These abnormalities were due to the intermingling of non-human species with humans. 
Figure 1: Artificial deformation of the cranium https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/57/D%C3%A9formation_P%C3%A9ruvienne_MHNT_Noir.jpg 
The flood attempted to wipe the slate clean of all of these abnormalities but did not fully do the job. Therefore, the Vatican had to come in with the ideologies of the Bible and attempt to cover up the rest of the evidence. It is truly fascinating to see some of this massive cover up exposed as curious researchers dig up more and more evidence of this great civilization. 
This article (Suppressed! Why is the Vatican covering up the history of the pre-flood world?)  ",0
16308,Dem Rep Schiff: Nothing Definitive on Trump-Russia Collusion - Breitbart,"Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” House Intelligence Committee ranking Democrat Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) said it is “way premature” to conclude that members of President Donald Trump’s campaign colluded with Russia during the 2016 presidential election.  “I don’t think we can say anything definitively at this point,” Schiff said. “We are still at the very early stages of the investigation. The only thing I can say is that it would be irresponsible for us not to get to the bottom of this. We really need to find out exactly what the Russians did. Because one of the most important conclusions that the intelligence community reached is that they are going to do this again to the United States. They are doing it already in Europe. So we can say conclusively this is something that needs to be thoroughly investigated but it’s way premature to be reaching conclusions. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
16309,New York Times: ’What Does Steve Bannon Want?’,"Weekly Standard senior editor Christoper Caldwell writes at the New York Times:[President Trump presents a problem to those who look at politics in terms of systematic ideologies. He is either disinclined or unable to lay out his agenda in that way. So perhaps it was inevitable that Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, who does have a gift for thinking systematically, would be so often invoked by Mr. Trump’s opponents. They need him not just as a hate object but as a heuristic, too. There may never be a “Trumpism,” and unless one emerges, the closest we may come to understanding this administration is as an expression of “Bannonism. ” Mr. Bannon, 63, has won a reputation for abrasive brilliance at almost every stop in his unorthodox career  —   as a naval officer, Goldman Sachs mergers specialist,   financier, documentary screenwriter and director, Breitbart News   impresario and chief executive of Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign. One Harvard Business School classmate described him to The Boston Globe as “top three in intellectual horsepower in our class  —   perhaps the smartest. ” Benjamin Harnwell of the Institute for Human Dignity, a Catholic organization in Rome, calls him a “walking bibliography. ” Perhaps because Mr. Bannon came late to conservatism, turning his   energy to political matters only after the Sept. 11 attacks, he radiates an excitement about it that most of his conservative contemporaries long ago lost.   …     Many accounts of Mr. Bannon paint him as a cartoon villain or internet troll come to life, as a bigot, an   a misogynist, a  . The former House speaker Nancy Pelosi and Representative Jerrold Nadler, Democrat of New York, have even called him a “white nationalist. ” While he is certainly a   conservative of some kind, the evidence that he is an extremist of a more troubling sort has generally been either massaged, misread or hyped up. There may be good reasons to worry about Mr. Bannon, but they are not the ones everyone is giving. It does not make Mr. Bannon a fascist that he happens to know who the   Italian extremist Julius Evola is. It does not make Mr. Bannon a racist that he described Breitbart as “the platform for the  ”  —   a broad and imprecise term that applies to a wide array of radicals, not just certain white supremacist groups.   …     When Mr. Bannon spoke on Thursday of “deconstructing the administrative state,” it may have sounded like gobbledygook outside the hall, but it was an electrifying profession of faith for the attendees. It is through Mr. Bannon that Trumpism can be converted from a set of nostalgic laments and complaints into a program for overhauling the government.   Read the complete column at the New York Times.",0
16310,BAZINGA! Donald Trump Has Ten Point Swing In Polls BEFORE FBI Reopened Crooked Hillary Investigation,"  BAZINGA! Donald Trump Has Ten Point Swing In Polls BEFORE FBI Reopened Crooked Hillary Investigation The poll was conducted Oct. 24-27 among a random national sample of 1,148 likely voters with a margin of error 3 points. According to the poll, Republicans appear more energized, as 81 percent of registered Republicans signaled that they are likely to vote, up six points from last week.   29, 2016 Republican Presidential nominee Donald Trump is rising in the polls, according to the latest ABC News/Washington Post poll. 
EDITOR’S NOTE: Just so you know what you’re looking at here, let me break it down for you. Liberal news organ ABC News took a poll among likely voters for the time period of October 24-27, and it showed Trump up by 7 points and Crooked Hillary down by 3. That’s a 10 point increase for Donald Trump, all that happening before the game-changing announcement by the FBI on reopening the investigation on Crooked Hillary and her illegal emails. Bazinga! 
Donald Trump is now at 45 percent with likely voters , up seven points from his low of 38 percent earlier in the month. Hillary Clinton is at 47 percent while Gary Johnson is at four percent and Jill Stein is at two percent. Newt Gingrich: Trump is likely ahead in the polls 
That marks a seven point jump for Donald Trump in just four days. Trump’s opponent Hillary Clinton has seen her numbers drop three points in the same time period, making a 10 point swing in Trump’s favor. 
According to the poll , Republicans appear more energized, as 81 percent of registered Republicans signaled that they are likely to vote, up six points from last week. 
Eighty-six percent of Republicans now support Trump, up from 82 percent last week, and 84 percent of Republican leaning independents are now supporting Trump, up six points from last week. 
The poll was conducted Oct. 24-27 among a random national sample of 1,148 likely voters with a margin of error 3 points. Partisan divisions are 37-29-29 percent, Democrats-Republicans-independents. source 
 ",0
16311,Susan Rice: ’I Leaked Nothing to Nobody’ — ’No Equivalence’ Between Unmasking and Leaking - Breitbart,"Tuesday on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports,” President Barack Obama’s national security adviser Susan Rice addressed reports she was responsible for the unmasking of names of Trump associates after the election during the transition period.  Rice said unmaking names in intelligence reports she received is standard procedure insisting, “I leaked nothing to nobody,” adding there is “no equivalence” between unmasking and leaking. Rice said, “The allegation is that somehow Obama Administration officials utilized intelligence for political purposes. That is absolutely false. I was the national security advisor. My job is to protect the American people and the security of our country. That’s the same as the secretary of state, the secretary of defense, the CIA director, and every morning to enable us to do that, we receive, from the intelligence community, a compilation of intelligence reports that the intelligence community selected for us on a daily basis to give us the best information as to what is going on around the world. I received those reports as did each of the other officials, and there were occasions when I would receive a report in which a U. S. person was referred to. Name not provided, just U. S. person. And sometimes in that context, in order to understand the importance of the report, and assess it’s significance, it was necessary to find out, or request the information as to who the U. S. official was. ” She continued, “I leaked nothing to nobody and never have and never would. Let me explain this. First, to talk about the contents of a classified report  —   to talk about the individuals on the foreign side, who were the targets of the report itself, or any Americans that may have collected upon incidentally is to disclose classified information I’m not going to do that. Those people putting these stories out are doing just that. I can’t describe any particular report, and I have no idea what re reports  —   I don’t know the time frame, the subject matter, and I don’t know who they think was collected upon. ” She added, “When the intelligence community would respond to a request to identify an American, that would come back only to the person requested it, brought back to them directly. To me, or to whoever might have requested it, on occasion, and this is important. It was not then typically broadly disseminated throughout the nation security community or the government. So the notion that some people are trying to suggest that by asking for the identity of an American person, that is the same as leaking it is completely false. There is no equivalence between   unmasking and leaking. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
16312,Health Insurers List Demands if Affordable Care Act Is Killed - The New York Times,"The nation’s health insurers, resigned to the idea that Republicans will repeal the Affordable Care Act, on Tuesday publicly outlined for the first time what the industry wants to stay in the state marketplaces, which have provided millions of Americans with insurance under the law. The insurers, some which have already started leaving the marketplaces because they are losing money, say they need a clear commitment from the Trump administration and congressional leaders that the government will continue offsetting some costs for   people. They also want to keep in place rules that encourage young and healthy people to sign up, which the insurers say are crucial to a stable market for individual buyers. The demands are a sort of warning shot to Republicans. While the party is eager to repeal the law as quickly as possible, and many have promised a replacement, its members are sharply divided over what shape any new plan should take. If they do not come up with an alternative, more than 22 million people would be left uninsured, including the more than 10 million who have bought individual plans on state marketplaces. On Tuesday, Marilyn Tavenner, the chief executive of America’s Health Insurance Plans, a leading industry trade group, warned that the state marketplaces were already on unstable financial footing. Failing to continue the funding aimed at   Americans, she said, would have   consequences because the business would become much tougher for insurers. “The market has already been a little wobbly this year,” Ms. Tavenner said. “If insurance companies believe   subsidies will not continue, they are going to pull out of the market during the next logical opportunity. ” Insurers could decide within a few months whether to pull out of the state marketplaces for 2018, a deadline they are pushing to have delayed. The trade group, one of two major groups representing insurers, was a major force in the passage of the law in 2010 and is expected to be influential in its discussions with Republicans. While its clout has been reduced by the departure of large members like the UnitedHealth Group, the organization has a powerful voice in Congress. The Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, the other major trade group, has not yet said what it needs from Republican lawmakers to continue operating in the market. Ms. Tavenner, a former Medicare official in charge of overseeing the creation of the state marketplaces, brings deep knowledge of both the government’s and the industry’s roles in health care. She said her group had begun meeting with members of Congress and their staffs. Hospital groups also held a news conference on Tuesday to warn of what they said would be the dire financial consequences of a repeal if the cuts to hospital funding that were part of the Affordable Care Act were not also restored. While insurers say they do not plan to fight the Republicans’ efforts to repeal the law, they are in no hurry to see it unwound. And Ms. Tavenner said the industry would support a delay so it could prepare for the changes. “We would love to see a   time frame, as long as possible,” she said. The marketplaces, now three years old, have not become as robust as expected by many of the people behind the Affordable Care Act. Even President Obama, who pushed the law and the marketplaces through Congress, has suggested some improvements. Some of the largest insurers, like UnitedHealth and Aetna, have stopped selling policies on some of the state marketplaces after losing hundreds of millions of dollars, and other insurers say they are still debating whether to stay in the market. Many have raised their premiums sharply. Ms. Tavenner acknowledged that the current law “needed to be improved. ” But she emphasized that there was widespread agreement among Republicans about the need for some the law’s provisions, including covering people with expensive medical conditions.   Donald J. Trump has also signaled his support of this popular provision. “There are common starting platforms,” she said. Ms. Tavenner did not give many details about her group’s positions, but she said its top priority was to stop the immediate threat of eliminating the subsidies for plans sold to   people. House Republicans have already sued to block these payments, and the lawsuit is now delayed. If the new administration chose not to defend the lawsuit, the money would disappear, and insurers would probably rush to the exits because fewer potential customers would be available. Another of the industry’s concerns is ensuring that enough young and healthy people sign up to stabilize the market. Republicans have discussed eliminating one of the law’s main tools, the   individual mandate, a tax levied on those who do not enroll. In talking with Congress, Ms. Tavenner said, her members are emphasizing the need for some alternative, especially after criticism by insurers that the penalty is not large enough to persuade enough people to enroll. “There’s not one magic solution,” she said. She pointed to some of the provisions in Medicare that encourage people to sign up before they become sick. And she discussed some options to ease how insurers price their policies to be able to offer plans that are less expensive to younger people. She also argued that the insurers had no desire to return to the time before the law was passed, when people with   conditions were routinely denied coverage in the individual market. Still, the industry seems willing to embrace some of the ideas being discussed by Republicans, including giving individuals more choices of plans and more accountability for the cost of their health care. Republicans also seem eager to put the states in charge of some of the details of how coverage in both the individual market and Medicaid will look. Ms. Tavenner said the industry had a long history of working with state insurance regulators. Republicans are discussing other ways to stabilize the market, including the creation of   pools, where people with expensive medical conditions might be covered, bringing down the coverage costs for everyone else. “We would hesitate to rush back to that,” Ms. Tavenner said. In the past, those programs, typically run by the states, have not been adequately funded, she noted. The insurers are also beginning to discuss a potential overhaul of Medicare, pushed by the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, who favors   premium support, or vouchers, as a way for people to find coverage. “We’re not big fans of that approach,” said Ms. Tavenner, although she said the industry would be open to discussing it. Ms. Tavenner said the industry wanted to know more about what the Republicans were planning, including information on the fate of the Medicaid expansion under the law. “We still have more questions than answers,” she said. “We don’t want to disrupt individuals who are relying on our coverage,” she said.",0
16313,"Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Zika Virus: Your Tuesday Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good morning. Here’s what you need to know: • Trump’s military record. Donald J. Trump’s criticism of the parents of a slain Army captain who was Muslim has drawn new scrutiny to his five deferments from the Vietnam draft, including one for bone spurs in his feet. Mr. Trump had criticized  the fallen soldier’s mother, Ghazala Khan, for standing silently while her husband, Khizr, spoke at the Democratic National Convention. Ms. Khan is a Gold Star Mother, and we explain the term. Sales of   versions of the Constitution are soaring after Mr. Khan’s speech. On the campaign trail, Hillary Clinton is targeting a skeptical crowd: white male voters. The billionaire investor Warren Buffett endorsed her on Monday, as she seeks the support of the business community, which traditionally votes Republican. • U. S. attacks ISIS in Libya. The strikes in Surt on Monday were part of a new military campaign against the extremists’ stronghold in North Africa, the Pentagon said. The militant group’s online posts calling for mayhem at the Olympics have led to a sense of urgency in Rio de Janeiro. • New call for reparations. Dozens of groups tied to the Black Lives Matter coalition have released a series of demands to lawmakers, including reparations for past and continuing harm to  . In Chicago, the police department is facing criticism after an officer’s body camera failed to record a fatal shooting of a black teenager. There’s been a surge of interest in joining the ranks of the police in Dallas since the sniper attack last month. And tonight is National Night Out, the country’s “night out against crime,” which aims to strengthen   ties and includes more than 16, 000 events. • Top police commander to step down. William J. Bratton, the commissioner of the New York Police Department and one of America’s most recognized law enforcement figures, is leaving his post next month for a job in the private sector. • Health roundup. Researchers are close to bringing to market a daring new treatment: cell therapy that turbocharges the immune system to fight cancer. More locally spread Zika infections have been identified in Miami, leading federal health officials to issue a rare travel warning in the U. S. • Scandals plague Israel’s leader. Leaks of accusations and investigations large and small confront Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who is in his fourth term and faces a new inquiry, but he has shown he can slip away from accusations with   ease. • The next U. S. president is more likely than not to end up backing, if not embracing, more deficit spending. And both parties are bashing trade deals, after once supporting them. • McDonald’s is taking steps to join the   movement, and plans to introduce buns without   corn syrup and McNuggets without artificial preservatives. • U. S. companies are increasingly moving headquarters to cities, partly to lure younger employees. • Setting the Olympic stage. We look at athletes who should have won a medal but were deprived by cheaters, and introduce you to Yusra Mardini, a Syrian teenager who will compete on the refugee team at the Rio Games. Two documentaries, “The Nazi Games: Berlin 1936” and “The Boys of 36” air tonight on many PBS stations (8:00 and 9:00, but check local listings). The first details how today’s Games were shaped by the collaboration between the Nazis and the International Olympic Committee. The second is about nine University of Washington rowers who won an unlikely gold medal. • Frightful weather.   teams of researchers are analyzing droughts and other extreme weather events to see if global warming played a role. At the same time, climate change is taking on a prominence it has never had before in a U. S. presidential election. • On the music charts. Drake reached No. 1 for a 12th week. His “Views” has matched two other albums for   runs at the top: Alanis Morissette’s “Jagged Little Pill” (1995) and Santana’s “Supernatural” (1999). Anticipation is building for an album by Frank Ocean, the innovative and enigmatic RB singer. “Boys Don’t Cry,” is expected to be released on Friday through an exclusive deal with Apple Music. • In case you missed it. Among our most popular recent articles: Zimbabwe’s vice president lives in a $   hotel suite, on taxpayer money. We talked to about a dozen women who said they had experienced some form of sexual harassment or intimidation at Fox News, and found that San Francisco  —   once known as the Harlem of the West  —   has lost much of its black population and culture. • At the White House. President Obama will host Singapore’s prime minister for a state dinner. • Recipes of the day. This   soup balances the flavor of sweet, summer corn and tangy yogurt. For another spicy option, try this shrimp dish by Mario Batali. With one month until Labor Day weekend, time for a summer road trip is winding down. And your relaxation time will be even shorter if you get lost. That still happens in this age of GPS. Sometimes it’s even because of the technology. The most famous example might be the woman who drove 900 miles across several countries over two days, even though her destination was just 90 miles away in her own country, Belgium. The most tragic cases, when a device guides drivers down abandoned roads or uses outdated data, for example, can end in death, whether in a rural area like Death Valley National Park, or not far from Chicago. (Learn about GPS mishaps here and here.) A precursor to GPS, the Jones Live Map, had similar troubles keeping up with changes 100 years ago, though, it offered over 500 routes across the country. GPS, which stands for global positioning system, got its start in the U. S. military, which was trying to track Sputnik, the first artificial satellite launched by the Soviet Union in 1957. Scientists learned they could figure out its orbit by measuring the changes in the frequency of its radio signal. Today, satellites controlled from Schriever Air Force Base in Colorado transmit a constant signal emitted by their atomic clocks. Billions of devices, including your smartphone, carry a receiver that locks onto the signals to calculate your location. The first   GPS receiver became available in the 1980s, and now the technology is ubiquitous  —   mostly for the better. Your Morning Briefing is published weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern and updated on the web all morning. What would you like to see here? Contact us at briefing@nytimes. com. You can sign up here to get the briefing delivered to your inbox.",0
16314,Two Going To Jail For Terrifying Thing They Were Doing Inside Voting Place,"Share This 74-year-old Gladys Coego (left), 33-year-old Tomika Curgil (right) 
After being entrusted with a room full of votes, two Florida women were on the job when a co-worker showed up and caught what they were hiding at the ballot center. Terrified by what they had just walked in on, the employee immediately reported it to the police, and now, these two are where they belong — in jail. 
Evidently, Democrats will trust anyone with a pulse to do a job that requires a lot of honesty and integrity, then turn around and tell voting citizens not to worry about voter fraud because it “isn’t real.” This line, discrediting conservatives’ concern, has been repeated extensively by pro-Hillary Clinton liberal media over the last couple of weeks, assuming that Americans are stupid enough to ignore what they see and take their word for it. 
However, the more they say it, the more proof comes out. What happened in the battleground state of Florida should terrify everyone relying on an honest system for Donald Trump to win. 
We saw a situation in 2012 that reeked of undeniable voter fraud when Mitt Romney was ahead in the polls by a landslide but lost, which was likely due in part to entire counties strangely missing every single vote for the Republican. We’re supposed to just accept that nothing of the sort will happen this year, even though it seems to occur every election. Two Miami women just proved liberals wrong with what they were caught doing during a Mayoral race and ballot initiative, which you can only assume takes place for presidential elections when the stakes are much higher. 
According to the Miami Herald , 74-year-old Gladys Coego was simply supposed to open completed ballots sent in from county voters and set them aside. However, she took this trust as an opportunity to give her mayoral candidate of choice, Raquel Regalado, an unknown number of votes. She apparently wanted Regalado to win bad enough that she was willing to commit a felony to make it happen. 
Democrats would excuse this fraudulent voting behavior as a very rare instance that’s not of concern for any other race, however, 33-year-old Tomika Curgil disproved that lie with the voter fraud she also committed in Florida. Curgil is accused of taking liberties to complete ballots for her own agenda, without people’s consent, and also “submitted at least 17 forms for people who apparently don’t exist — and several forms for people who are dead,” the Miami Herald explained. 
If voter fraud isn’t real, then these two dishonest ballot-workers wouldn’t have been arrested for it. What they were willing to do in a small election setting, with rather innocuous results, only proves that the same desperate level of dishonesty is bound to occur when it come to ensuring their equally dishonest leader takes office.",0
16315,"American Pharoah Is Already a Champion at the Stud Life, Too - The New York Times","VERSAILLES, Ky.  —   He has put on some weight, 170 pounds to be exact, since sauntering off the racetrack and into what has to be the sweetest retirement in all of sports. American Pharoah, however, carries it well: There are no love handles, and his rich bay coat looks barely able to contain the muscles rippling beneath it. His day starts at sunup with a breakfast of   organic grains  —   the equine equivalent of kale and quinoa  —   and then his work starts in earnest at 7:30 each day. That’s when American Pharoah hooks a left out of the stallion barn and ambles down the path to the breeding shed. Waiting for him is a mare, but not any old nag. No, securing one of the 160 or so spots on American Pharoah’s dance card this season requires a royal pedigree, an accomplished record as a racehorse and, most important, an ownership with the $200, 000 required to have last year’s Triple Crown champion to “cover” (a nicer term than impregnate) its mare. While horse lovers and aficionados had to wait 37 years for American Pharoah to become just the 12th horse to win the three races of the crown, thoroughbred racing’s holy grail, horsemen have hurried to get their mares in the breeding shed with the Big Horse. What’s a stud’s life? Most days, he does double duty, with a 1:30 p. m. lunch date after the morning fling. Often, he is at again for a third time at 6 p. m. It sounds exhausting until you do the math: up to $600, 000 a day, and a $30 million annual haul for his owners, Ashford Stud, over the course of the   breeding season. Best of all, American Pharoah has adapted to his new career with the same efficiency, élan and joie de vivre that he demonstrated while winning nine of his 11 starts, electrifying thoroughbred enthusiasts on the track and charming them off it. He is clearly the Matinee Idol of a breeding farm that already boasts one of the most successful sires in the world, Giant’s Causeway, American Pharoah’s neighbor across the barn. On Tuesday, American Pharoah stood like a medieval knight awaiting his armor from his valet as a tour group aimed cameras and admiring gazes at him. He then stepped gingerly around Garfield, the farm’s cat and the    animal here (sorry, Giant’s Causeway). “He’s just a joy to be around,” said Scott Calder, one of Ashford’s executives, about American Pharoah. “He does everything so easily. We were the ones that had to adjust. So many people want to come to see him. He is a household name far beyond the sport of horse racing. ” No horse is born a natural stud. Cigar, who died in 2014, was the sport’s leading money winner when he retired, but proved to be sterile in the breeding shed. The 2002 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes winner, War Emblem, was bought for $17. 7 million by Japanese breeders who discovered  —   disappointingly  —   that he did not like girls. They tried several unorthodox therapies, including surrounding him with a harem, to no avail. The folks here at Ashford took no chances when American Pharoah arrived here last fall after ending his career with a triumphant victory in the Breeders’ Cup Classic. He spent his initial weeks alongside Thunder Gulch, the 1995 Kentucky Derby and Belmont winner, now 24 years old. The  ’s assignment was to teach American Pharoah about life not on the run. New stallions want to play and sprint  —   a lot  —   and company only encourages them. Not Thunder Gulch. He taught American Pharoah the finer things in stallion life, such as eating grass and whiling away an afternoon lounging atop the   flower buds that roll over these   like a royal carpet. The Hollywood version of American Pharoah’s first day at the office says that it came on Valentine’s Day. Not quite, says Calder. It was the day after, and it was filled with tension for Ashford’s breeding team. American Pharoah’s father, Pioneerof the Nile, had earned a reputation for being something of a prima donna over at WinStar Farm. Pioneerof the Nile preferred peppermints to carrots. He was also sometimes reticent and required a whiff of pheromones from a cup of thawed mare urine to become interested. He also took his time and was prone to false starts, rocking back on his hind legs once, twice, as many as four times before consummating the relationship. Not American Pharoah. “Fortunately, those genes were not passed down,” said Calder, a wry smile curling on his lip. Instead, he has been polite and determined, as well as efficient: So far he has a better than 80 percent strike rate when it comes to successfully conceiving a foal. His book of mares reads like a social registry. There’s the aptly named Judy the Beauty, the Eclipse Champion sprinter Take Charge Lady, the dam of the 2013 champion    Will Take Charge and Rags to Riches, who in 2007 became the first filly since 1905 to win the Belmont Stakes. When he is not at work, American Pharoah sometimes lounges in a roomy stall in a barn made from   oak or gambols here in the bluegrass. Roaming alone in the paddock, he is framed by limestone fences, the handiwork of 20 master stonemasons, and looks every bit to the manner born. American Pharoah has plenty of visitors  —   more than 3, 000 so far from 45 states and a   other countries. The daily tours have been sold out for months in advance. He had two special tours earlier this week when his Hall of Fame trainer Bob Baffert came Monday and his rider, Victor Espinoza, came Tuesday. While American Pharoah’s first runners will not hit the racetrack until 2019, there is a strong  —   if very hopeful  —   vibe that they will have inherited the speed, mind and talent that their father demonstrated throughout his brilliant career. Until his offspring start crossing finish lines in the afternoon, only a couple of things are certain: American Pharoah is enjoying his retirement and seems to be good at it.",0
16316,Amazing baby! 4-year-old Bella from Moscow easily speaks 7 languages,"Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 12 + 15 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom",0
16317,"Bill Clinton, After a Year of Restraint, Unleashes an Impassioned Self-Defense - The New York Times","At last, Bill Clinton could not help himself. He paced the stage during a speech on Tuesday in North Carolina, holding his microphone close. He raised his left index finger. And at once, the meandering address turned sharply, and without prompting, to his charitable foundation, a magnet for criticism in recent weeks. “We live in a   world,” Mr. Clinton lamented, tilting his head theatrically  —   a septuagenarian embracing his age, decades after reveling in saxophone cool. “It’s so much easier,” he said, “just to discredit people and call them names. ” For Mr. Clinton and his extended circle, this election has at times felt like a campaign devised to discredit the former president and call him names. And after more than a year of uncharacteristic restraint  —   a notable shift from eight years ago, when his simmering instincts often burdened Hillary Clinton’s first presidential run  —   Mr. Clinton seems to have had enough. “Did I solve every problem? No,” he told a crowd on Wednesday in Orlando, Fla. “Did I get caught trying? You bet. ” In the Democratic primary race, he mostly held his tongue as Senator Bernie Sanders disavowed his administration’s approach to trade, criminal justice, gay rights and the deregulation of Wall Street, in part because Mrs. Clinton had been compelled to   much of his record herself. Yet if the primary race doubled as a   of Mr. Clinton’s policies, which his advisers believe history will judge kindly, the general election has touched a different nerve, taking a black light to Mr. Clinton’s   legacy. “His reputation has suffered some since he left the presidency,” said David Gergen, a senior adviser to several presidents, including Mr. Clinton. “There’s no desire on the part of Bill Clinton and his followers to make him the center of the campaign. They want to make Hillary the center of the campaign. So he’s had to take some things. He’s had to fight with one hand tied behind his back. ” Friends of Mr. Clinton’s say he has grown impervious to most criticisms, particularly swipes at his personal indiscretions, which could proliferate in the weeks before the election. Donald J. Trump has made winking allusions to Mr. Clinton’s infidelities and other controversies from the 1990s. But the focus on the Clinton Foundation, which has come under escalating scrutiny over potential conflicts of interest and foreign donations, has rankled him far more, according to those close to the former president, because of his deep personal investment in the foundation’s charitable work over the past 15 years. In a series of   appearances this week, Mr. Clinton unleashed an impassioned   by turns sarcastic and almost pleading. “All we’ve done is save lives,” he told voters on Monday in Detroit. “I got tickled the other day when Mr. Trump called my foundation a criminal enterprise,” he said on Tuesday in Durham, N. C. noting that Mr. Trump had paid a fine for making a political donation using funds from his own foundation. “If creating jobs and saving lives is bad,” Mr. Clinton said in Orlando the next day, “I guess you can zing me with it. ” Moments later, he wondered aloud how much money Mr. Trump had spent to help the people of Haiti. Angel Urena, a spokesman for Mr. Clinton, said that the foundation’s mission and those who rely on it “have been President Clinton’s life” since he left office. “So when someone who doesn’t know the first thing about philanthropy tries to bring the Clinton Foundation into his political sideshow,” Mr. Urena said of Mr. Trump, “President Clinton is going to stand up for it. ” The irritation seemed to have been building for weeks. Mr. Clinton had scarcely appeared on the campaign trail since the Democratic National Convention in July. His most public task in the interim appeared to be clapping behind Mrs. Clinton in several cities on a Rust Belt bus tour. Allies said Mr. Clinton deserved credit for largely holding his fire so far this year, despite persistent bipartisan criticism, avoiding a repeat of 2008, when he seethed over the rise of Barack Obama, then a senator. Most memorably, he appeared to diminish Mr. Obama’s campaign by invoking the Rev. Jesse Jackson’s more quixotic bids in the 1980s. “He understands,” said Paul Begala, a top campaign and White House aide to Mr. Clinton who now advises a   “super PAC. ” “He used to say this a lot to me: ‘My mother didn’t have to spank me twice for the same mistake. ’” An exception came this summer, when Mr. Clinton attracted criticism by chatting at the Phoenix airport with Attorney General Loretta Lynch amid a federal investigation into Mrs. Clinton’s email practices. Still, the Clintons and many in their orbit have long believed they are held to a double standard on questions of transparency, and friends say they consider the tumult surrounding the family foundation to be among the most egregious examples. They point to the lifesaving work the group has done, particularly in its focus on AIDS and malaria drugs, and they suggest that Mr. Clinton is more deserving of a Nobel Prize than of accusations of impropriety. “It bothers the hell out of me,” said James Carville, Mr. Clinton’s chief strategist on the 1992 campaign. “No one likes to be attacked, and he comes under the category of ‘no one.’ But my sense is that the attacks on the foundation are the most painful. ” As Mrs. Clinton slogs through a stretch of middling polls, with voters still sharply questioning her honesty and trustworthiness, the family has already bowed at least somewhat to   pressures: Mr. Clinton told foundation employees last month that the organization would stop accepting foreign or corporate donations if Mrs. Clinton is elected and that he would resign from its board. The foundation has accepted tens of millions of dollars from countries that the State Department has criticized for their records on sex discrimination and other human rights issues. Mr. Trump has also seized on the release of emails from Mrs. Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state that include references to foundation donors, accusing her of favoritism. Speaking to reporters on her campaign plane this week, Mrs. Clinton noted that several watchdog groups had given the charity the highest possible marks. “A lot of what’s been said is not founded in fact,” she said. The coming weeks are unlikely to be kinder to Mr. Clinton. Mr. Trump has said he may bring up Mr. Clinton’s sexual affairs on the debate stage beside Mrs. Clinton, a prospect that some Democrats welcome, hoping it will backfire. “This has been tried,” Mr. Begala said. “The yurts of Mongolia know that Bill Clinton was accused, and in fact was, unfaithful to his wife. ” Other former aides have found less occasion for whimsy, cringing through an election that has felt interminable and ugly. The family name will be fine, they say, as long as Mrs. Clinton can return it to the White House. For some, that cannot happen quickly enough. “I can’t wait for this to be over,” said Mickey Kantor, a longtime friend who served as Mr. Clinton’s commerce secretary, “probably like every other American. ”",0
16318,"Mayhem in Berkeley: Trump Supporters, Counter-Protesters Clash During Rally - Breitbart","More than a dozen arrests were made Saturday afternoon during a rally in Berkeley, CA. where supporters of President Trump encountered protesters intent on disrupting the previously scheduled event. [Hundreds of Trump supporters had gathered at the Martin Luther King Jr. Civic Center Park in Downtown Berkeley, about two blocks from the UC Berkeley campus, for a “Patriots Day” rally. But they were soon met with many       waving    anarchy flags, and clashes ensued.  According to the Los Angeles Times, 250 police officers were deployed to the scene. Initially, the sides were separated by makeshift orange plastic barriers, but confrontations soon escalated.  Sixteen people were arrested, Officer Jennifer Coats of the Berkeley Police Department told the Times. Nine people were injured, with six taken to a hospital for treatment, including one stabbing victim, she said. AJ Alegria, 31, of Sacramento, told the Times he came to Berkeley to help defend Trump supporters and was surrounded by a dozen protesters in black masks who he said attacked him with sticks and pepper spray. “These people create violence all the time  …     somebody has to stand up to them,” said Alegria, who was injured in the fight and treated by Trump supporters who bandaged his head, washed off the pepper spray and gave him encouragement, saying, “You’ve earned your stripes, bro. ” Here are some of the prohibited items that have already removed from the park today. https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Berkeley Police (@berkeleypolice) April 15, 2017,  Another Trump supporter, Ben Bergquam of Fresno, was also bloodied as the melee moved from the park up Center Street toward the UC Berkeley campus. He held a crumpled “Stop Liberal Intolerance” sign in his hand. “I got hit in the back of the head with some sticks,” Bergquam told the San Francisco Chronicle as another activist wrapped gauze around his wound. “I don’t agree with everything Trump says, but I don’t agree with violence. ” With assistance from the Oakland Police Department, the Berkeley police fared better at keeping the peace than they did in February, when violent demonstrators set fires and destroyed more than $100, 000 worth of property that forced the cancelation of a speech by   Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos at UC Berkeley. The Chronicle reported that several liberal groups   to disrupt the   rally with the intent to shut it down. Defend the Bay, a group that advertises itself as against the   “” suggested protesters bring food to share, along with a mask or other covering to conceal their identity from police. Follow Samuel Chi on Twitter @ThePlayoffGuru.",0
16319,"Bill Minor, Journalist Who Was Called Conscience of Mississippi, Dies at 94 - The New York Times","Bill Minor, whose courageous reporting helped open Americans’ eyes to everyday racial discrimination in the South in the 1960s and won him recognition as the “conscience of Mississippi,” died on Tuesday in Ridgeland, Miss. outside Jackson. He was 94. His death, at a hospice, was confirmed by his son Paul. Mr. Minor was already a fiercely independent and fearless muckraker, exposing corrupt Mississippi politicians in The   of New Orleans, when his news articles and commentary emerged as the region’s lonely but conspicuous witness to the fledgling civil rights movement and the brutal efforts by Southern politicians to suppress it. His voice not only traveled from the newspaper’s bureau at the state capitol in Jackson to neighboring Louisiana, but also reverberated nationwide. While serving as The  ’s capital correspondent, Mr. Minor was also a stringer, or   reporter, for The New York Times and Newsweek magazine. “No Southern newspaperman has done more for civil rights and civil liberties than Bill Minor,” Claude Sitton, another son of the South who covered the movement for The Times, once said. Historians have credited Mr. Sitton, who died in 2015, and another Times colleague, John Herbers, who died this month, with playing major roles in reporting the civil rights struggle. Gene Roberts, who succeeded Mr. Sitton and was The Times’s chief correspondent in the South, said in a phone interview on Tuesday: “It would be hard to overestimate Bill’s importance to journalism and to keeping the country abreast of what was going on in Mississippi. When you had to barrel quickly into Mississippi, your first stop would be Bill Minor. ” Ellen Ann Fentress, who recently completed a documentary film about Mr. Minor titled  —   like his weekly column  —   “Eyes on Mississippi,” called him “the most essential reporter the nation has never heard of. ” Mr. Minor’s first assignment in Jackson was the funeral of Theodore G. Bilbo, a United States senator from Mississippi and an unabashed white supremacist who died in 1947. As Mr. Minor later recalled, he thought at the time that segregation might be buried with Bilbo. As it endured, Mr. Minor covered every benchmark along the way: the revolt of the Dixiecrats in the 1948 presidential election the 1955 murder trial of two white men in the death of Emmett Till, a    black boy who was said to have whistled at a white woman James Meredith’s enrollment as the first black student at the University of Mississippi in 1962 the Woolworth’s lunch counter   and the murder of Medgar Evers in 1963 and the murder of three civil rights workers in Neshoba County, Miss. in 1964. “Even before there was a movement in civil rights, Minor exposed wide racial disparities in the allocation of state funds for schools in doing so, of course, he debunked the myth of ‘separate but equal’ schools,” said Hank Klibanoff, who wrote “The Race Beat: The Press, the Civil Rights Struggle, and the Awakening of a Nation” (2006) with Mr. Roberts. Hodding Carter III, a fellow Mississippi journalist and later an assistant secretary of state, said in a phone interview that Mr. Minor’s understanding of the perniciousness of legal segregation had evolved. “But,” Mr. Carter added, “his evolution, in the face of the society he was covering, looked like a revolution. ” Wilson Floyd Minor was born on May 17, 1922, in Hammond, La. which Mr. Carter, whose father was also born there, said “was not a place that taught you to give a damn about black folks. ” His mother was the former Josie Clement. His father, Jacob, was a newspaper Linotype operator who struggled during the Depression and urged his son to shun journalism. But Bill was hooked early when an English teacher at Bogalusa High School praised his writing. He landed a summer job with The Bogalusa Enterprise, began covering high school sports for The   and graduated from Tulane University in 1943 with a degree in journalism. In addition to his son Paul, he is survived by his wife, the former Gloria Marks two other sons, Doug and Dr. Jeffrey Minor six grandchildren and six  . Mr. Minor joined The   after serving in the Navy as a gunnery officer on a destroyer in the Pacific during World War II. He worked at the paper for nearly 30 years, until it shut its Jackson bureau in 1976. Afterward he bought what became the weekly Capitol Reporter in Jackson and edited it until it closed in 1981. (The paper had lost bank advertising after he revealed that the police had found several pounds of marijuana at the bank president’s home.) He later wrote a weekly syndicated column and a book, “Eyes on Mississippi: A   Chronicle of Change” (2001). In 1997, Columbia University gave Mr. Minor its John Chancellor Award for Excellence in Journalism. The author David Halberstam, who began his journalistic career in Mississippi, described Mr. Minor as “the unique conscience of the state. ” Colleagues attributed his   empathy to his family’s struggles during the Depression and to his convictions as a Roman Catholic. (In 1963, after he saw black protesters being savagely beaten in Jackson, he retreated to St. Peter’s Cathedral to pray for reason and calm.) “Somewhere along the way, I developed this feeling for the underdog because I was part of that underdog world,” Mr. Minor told students at a predominantly black high school in 1997. “I knew what it was like to be on the bottom. ” After the civil rights protests in the South ebbed, “only Minor stayed,” Mr. Klibanoff wrote in 1997, “continuing to turn up fresh stories in the old soil of the new South. ” Mr. Minor’s wife wanted to leave the state years ago, but he remained, he told Mr. Klibanoff, because “I saw there was hope there, that Mississippi would change. ” “There was always this warmth and gentleness on the part of the people of Mississippi,” he continued, as quoted by Mr. Klibanoff, “and their greatest handicap has always been politicians who provided no leadership and who thrived on the emotional issue of segregation. And the more I saw of those kind of people, you know, pushed in the background, the more hope I had for the state. “So I wanted to stay. I wanted to see how it was all going to come out. ”",0
16320,SpaceX Plans to Send 2 Tourists Around Moon in 2018 - The New York Times,"SpaceX, the ambitious rocket company headed by Elon Musk, wants to send a couple of tourists around the moon and back to Earth before the end of next year. If they manage that feat, the passengers would be the first humans to venture that far into space in more than 40 years. Mr. Musk made the announcement on Monday in a telephone news conference. He said two private individuals approached the company to see if SpaceX would be willing to send them on a weeklong cruise, which would fly past the surface of the moon  —   but not land  —   and continue outward before gravity turned the spacecraft around and brought it back to Earth for a landing. “This would do a long loop around the moon,” Mr. Musk said. The company is aiming to launch this moon mission in late 2018. The two people would spend about a week inside one of SpaceX’s Dragon 2 capsules, launched on SpaceX’s Falcon Heavy rocket. The spacecraft would be automated, but the travelers would undergo training for emergencies. Mr. Musk did not say how much the travelers would pay for the ride. “A little bit more than the cost of a crewed mission to the space station would be,” he said. The Falcon Heavy itself has a list price of $90 million. While the trip appears to be within the technical capabilities of SpaceX, industry experts wondered whether the company could pull it off as quickly as Mr. Musk indicated. “Dates are not SpaceX’s strong suit,” said Mary Lynne Dittmar, executive director of the Coalition for Deep Space Exploration, a space advocacy group consisting of aerospace companies. The Dragon 2 and Falcon Heavy are years behind schedule and have yet to fly. “It strikes me as risky,” Dr. Dittmar said, adding that autonomous systems are not infallible. “I find it extraordinary that these sorts of announcements are being made when SpaceX has yet to get crew from the ground to   orbit. ” Last week, a crewless Dragon capsule taking cargo to the International Space Station aborted its rendezvous because of a glitch. It successfully arrived a day later. Mr. Musk said the two   private space travelers wished to remain anonymous for now. He declined to describe them, except to say they knew each other. Seven space tourists have paid tens of millions of dollars to fly on Russian Soyuz rockets to visit the International Space Station, which is about 200 miles above the Earth’s surface. This would be a much more distant trip. The moon is about a quarter million miles away, and the trajectory would take the capsule 300, 000 to 400, 000 miles from Earth. No astronauts have ventured beyond   orbit since the last of NASA’s Apollo moon landings in 1972. NASA is working on a rocket, the Space Launch System, and a capsule, Orion, that would be capable of taking astronauts to deep space once again. But that first launch, without anyone on board, is scheduled for late next year, taking a path similar to what Mr. Musk has proposed for his space tourists. This month, NASA announced it is looking at the possibility of putting astronauts on the first flight, but officials say that would probably delay the launch to 2019. The rocket that SpaceX would use for the voyage is more powerful than its current Falcon 9 workhorse, but not as large as NASA’s. When Mr. Musk announced the Falcon Heavy in 2011, he said it would fly in 2013. The maiden flight is now scheduled for this summer. SpaceX has a contract to take NASA astronauts to the International Space Station using the Dragon 2 capsule launched on the Falcon 9 rocket. That program has also encountered delays. SpaceX is scheduled to launch a crewless test flight this year and take its few NASA passengers next spring, although a report by the Government Accountability Office has cast doubt that SpaceX would be able to do it that quickly. NASA has financed much of SpaceX’s spacecraft development, and Mr. Musk said the agency has priority. If NASA wants to put its astronauts on the Falcon Heavy’s first moon flight, he said, SpaceX will comply. But the Falcon Heavy has not been through NASA’s rigorous reviews to be judged safe for astronauts.",0
16321,"Les e-mails d'Hillary Clinton et la Confrérie, par Thierry Meyssan","Les e-mails d’Hillary Clinton et la Confrérie par Thierry Meyssan L’enquête du FBI sur les e-mails privés d’Hillary Clinton ne porte pas sur une négligence face aux règles de sécurité, mais sur un complot visant à distraire toute trace de ses correspondances qui auraient dû être archivées sur des serveurs de l’État fédéral. Il pourrait comprendre des échanges sur des financements illégaux ou de la corruption, d’autres sur les liens des époux Clinton avec les Frères musulmans et les jihadistes.
Réseau Voltaire | Damas (Syrie) | 1er novembre 2016 ελληνικά English Español Türkçe русский Deutsch Hillary Clinton et sa directrice de cabinet Huma Abedin. La relance de l’enquête du FBI sur les e-mails privés d’Hillary Clinton ne porte plus sur les questions de sécurité, mais sur des trafics qui pourraient aller jusqu’à la haute trahison.
Techniquement, au lieu d’utiliser un serveur sécurisé de l’État fédéral, la secrétaire d’État avait fait installer à son domicile un serveur privé, de manière à pouvoir utiliser Internet sans laisser de traces sur une machine de l’État fédéral. Le technicien privé de Mme Clinton avait nettoyé son serveur avant l’arrivée du FBI, de sorte qu’il n’était pas possible de savoir pourquoi elle avait mis en place ce dispositif.
Dans un premier temps, le FBI a observé que le serveur privé n’avait pas la sécurisation du serveur du département d’État. Mme Clinton n’avait donc commis qu’une faute de sécurité. Dans un second temps, le FBI a saisi l’ordinateur de l’ancien membre du Congrès, Anthony Weiner. Celui-ci est l’ancien époux d’Huma Abedin, directrice de cabinet d’Hillary. Des e-mails provenant de la secrétaire d’État y ont été retrouvés.
Anthony Weiner est un homme politique juif, très proche des Clinton, qui ambitionnait de devenir maire de New York. Il dut démissionner à la suite d’un scandale très puritain : il avait envoyé des SMS érotiques à une jeune femme autre que son épouse. Huma Abedin se sépara officiellement de lui durant cette tourmente, mais en réalité ne le quitta pas.
Huma Abedin est une états-unienne ayant été élevée en Arabie saoudite. Son père dirige une revue académique —dont elle fut durant des années la secrétaire de rédaction— qui reproduit régulièrement l’avis des Frères musulmans. Sa mère préside l’association saoudienne des femmes membres de la Confrérie et travaillait avec l’épouse du président égyptien Mohamed Morsi. Son frère Hassan travaille pour le compte du cheikh Yusuf al-Qaradawi, le prêcheur des Frères et conseiller spirituel d’Al-Jazeera.
À l’occasion d’un déplacement officiel en Arabie saoudite, la secrétaire d’Etat visite le collège Dar al-Hekma en compagnie de Saleha Abedin (mère de sa directrice de cabinet), présidente de l’association des Sœurs membres de la Confrérie. Huma Abedin est aujourd’hui un personnage central de la campagne Clinton, à côté du directeur de campagne, John Podesta, ancien secrétaire général de la Maison-Blanche sous la présidence de Bill Clinton. Podesta est par ailleurs le lobbyiste attitré du Royaume d’Arabie saoudite au Congrès pour la modique somme de 200 000 dollars mensuels. Le 12 juin 2016, Petra, l’agence de presse officielle de Jordanie, avait publié une interview du prince héritier d’Arabie, Mohamed Ben Salmane, affirmant la modernité de sa famille qui avait illégalement financé à hauteur de 20 % la campagne présidentielle d’Hillary Clinton, quoique ce soit une femme. Le lendemain de cette publication, l’agence annulait cette dépêche et assurait que son site internet avait été piraté.
Selon l’agence officielle jordanienne Petra du 12 juin 2016, la famille royale saoudienne a illégalement financé 20 % de la campagne présidentielle d’Hillary Clinton. Madame Abedin n’est pas la seule membre de l’administration Obama liée à la Confrérie. Le demi-frère du président, Abon’go Malik Obama, est le trésorier de l’Œuvre missionnaire des Frères au Soudan et président de la Fondation Barack H. Obama. Il est directement placé sous les ordres du président soudanais, Omar el-Béchir. Un Frère musulman est membre du Conseil national de sécurité —la plus haute instance exécutive aux États-Unis—. De 2009 à 2012, c’était le cas de Mehdi K. Alhassani. On ignore qui lui a succédé, mais la Maison-Blanche niait qu’un Frère soit membre du Conseil jusqu’à ce qu’une preuve surgisse. C’est également un Frère qui est ambassadeur des États-Unis auprès de la Conférence islamique, Rashad Hussain. Les autres Frères identifiés occupent des fonctions moins importantes. Il faut cependant citer Louay M. Safi, actuel membre de la Coalition nationale syrienne et ancien conseiller du Pentagone.
Le président Obama et son demi-frère Abon’go Malik Obama dans le Bureau ovale. Abon’go Malik est le trésorier de l’Œuvre missionnaire des Frères musulmans au Soudan. En avril 2009, deux mois avant son discours du Caire, le président Obama avait secrètement reçu une délégation de la Confrérie dans le Bureau ovale. Il avait déjà invité, lors de son intronisation, Ingrid Mattson, la présidente de l’association des Frères et Sœurs musulmans aux États-Unis.
De son côté, la Fondation Clinton a employé comme responsable de son projet « Climat » Gehad el-Haddad, un des dirigeants mondiaux de la Confrérie qui avait été jusque là responsable d’une émission de télévision coranique. Son père avait été l’un des co-fondateurs de la Confrérie, en 1951, lors de sa recréation par la CIA et le MI6. Gehad a quitté la fondation en 2012, date à laquelle il est devenu au Caire le porte-parole du candidat Mohammed Morsi, puis celui officiel des Frères musulmans, à l’échelle mondiale.
Sachant que la totalité des leaders jihadistes dans le monde sont soit issu de la Confrérie, soit de l’Ordre soufi des Naqshbandîs —les deux composantes de la Ligue islamique mondiale, l’organisation saoudienne anti-nationaliste arabe— on aimerait en savoir plus sur les relations de Madame Clinton avec l’Arabie saoudite et les Frères.
Il se trouve que dans l’équipe de son challenger Donald Trump, on compte le général Michael T. Flynn qui tenta de s’opposer à la création du Califat par la Maison-Blanche et démissionna de la direction de la Defense Intelligence Agency (Agence de Renseignement militaire) pour marquer sa réprobation. Il y côtoie Frank Gaffney, un « guerrier froid » historique, désormais qualifié de « conspirationniste » pour avoir dénoncé la présence des Frères dans l’État fédéral.
Il va de soi que, du point de vue du FBI, tout soutien aux organisations jihadistes est un crime, quelle que soit la politique de la CIA. En 1991, les policiers —et le sénateur John Kerry— avaient provoqué la faillite de la banque pakistanaise (quoi qu’enregistrée aux îles Caïman) BCCI que la CIA utilisait pour toutes sortes d’opérations secrètes avec les Frères musulmans tout autant qu’avec les cartels latinos des drogues.
Thierry Meyssan",0
16322,Who Is Registered to Vote in Two States? Some in Trump’s Inner Circle - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump spent his first week in office repeating the lie that between three million and five million people had voted illegally in the November election, first to members of Congress, then on Twitter, then in an ABC News interview, then again on Twitter on Friday, citing an unsubstantiated claim popular in conspiracy circles. On Wednesday, Mr. Trump had announced in a pair of tweets that he would be asking for a “major investigation” into voter fraud, “including those registered to vote in two states. ” Since then, a variety of news organizations have found that several members of Mr. Trump’s inner circle were registered in more than one state during the election. Several still are. There is no evidence that any of them voted twice. • Steve Bannon, Mr. Trump’s strategist, was registered to vote in Florida and New York, the Sarasota   found. • Tiffany Trump, Mr. Trump’s youngest daughter, was registered in Pennsylvania and New York, NBC News reported. • Sean Spicer, his press secretary, was registered in both Virginia and Rhode Island, according to The Washington Post. • Jared Kushner, his    and close adviser, was registered in New York and New Jersey, according to The Washington Post. • Steven Mnuchin, who is nominated to lead the Treasury Department, was registered in New York and California, CNN found. Not really. Have you ever moved to a new state? And did you call up the people in charge of voting in your old state to tell them to go ahead and take you off their list? Probably not. Neither, apparently, did some members of the Trump family and his White House. “There is nothing illegal about that,” Fred Voigt, the deputy election commissioner for Philadelphia, told Heat Street, the News Corp.  conservative and libertarian site, which reported Ms. Trump’s double registration. “The illegality only occurs if one votes in two places, not if you’re registered in both. ” State authorities regularly purge their voter rolls of people who move or die. Mr. Bannon’s case is a little different. A Guardian report last summer found that Mr. Bannon was registered at a vacant home he had previously rented for his   but that he had never lived there himself. Shortly after that report, the Guardian said, Mr. Bannon changed his registered address to the home of a Breitbart writer, also in Florida. When he voted in November’s election, he did so by absentee ballot in New York, a spokesman for the state Board of Elections confirmed. On Wednesday, after widespread news reports of his double registration, Sarasota County removed Mr. Bannon from the rolls, The Herald Tribune reported. As the reports of double registrations grew, Kellyanne Conway, one of Mr. Trump’s senior advisers, appeared on NBC’s “Today” show on Thursday and denied that members of Mr. Trump’s inner circle were registered in more than one place. “I talked last night to Tiffany Trump, and she said it is flatly false that she is registered in two states,” she said. But NBC had confirmed that Ms. Trump, in fact, was.",0
16323,When Your Commute Includes Hearing ‘You Don’t Belong in This Country’ - The New York Times,"This Week in Hate highlights hate crimes and harassment around the country since the election of President Trump.  Rajpreet Heir was taking the L train to a friend’s birthday party in Manhattan this month when a white man began shouting at her. “Do you even know what a Marine looks like?” the man asked Ms. Heir, who is pictured in the video above. “Do you know what they have to see? What they do for this country? Because of people like you. ” He told Ms. Heir, who is Sikh and was born in Indiana, that he hoped she was sent “back to Lebanon” and said, “You don’t belong in this country. ” As New York City works to respond to a rise in reports of discrimination and harassment, subways have emerged as a source of special concern. Harassment has long been a problem on subways, in part because many strangers are packed together on narrow cars, sometimes for long periods. “Even in a park, you’re not going to be quite that close together,” said Emily May, the executive director of the   group Hollaback. But since the election, the group has received nearly double the usual number of reports of harassment on the subway, and more than usual involve racist, Islamophobic or   comments. The New York City Commission on Human Rights was concerned enough about postelection incidents on subways that it organized an outreach day in December, with handouts on religious discrimination and reporting harassment distributed at eight subway stations. Overall, the commission saw a 480 percent increase in claims of discriminatory harassment between 2015 and 2016. For Sarah   the shock of being singled out for a racist attack was compounded by the fact that no one stepped in to help her. She was riding the train to work one morning in   when a man began elbowing her in the back. When Ms.   who is black, asked him to stop, he said, “Obama’s term is over. ” Then the man, who was   delivered an angry rant that included a comment about “  slaves. ” “I wouldn’t have expected somebody to confront him, necessarily,” she said. But even someone making eye contact with the man, she said, would have sent the message that his behavior was unacceptable. Harassment can be more traumatic when no one steps in to help, Ms. May said, and people who have experienced it are more likely to wish a bystander had spoken up than that police had gotten involved. Two fellow passengers stepped in to help Ms. Heir after the incident on the L train. One woman tapped her on the shoulder and asked if she was all right. “That meant something,” Ms. Heir said, “because when you’re a minority, you’re so used to just experiencing things on your own. ” Another woman reported the incident to a police officer at a subway station. Anyone who witnesses or experiences harassment on the subway can report it to the city’s human rights commission by calling (718)  . Communities Against Hate, a partnership of 11 civil rights organizations, operates a hotline at     (  ) where people who have been harassed can get information about resources like legal services and counseling. Hollaback and other organizations offer bystander intervention training to help people learn what to do if they see someone being harassed. Ms.   reported what happened to her on the subway to the Documenting Hate project, a group of organizations  —   including The New York Times opinion section  —   tracking hate crimes and harassment since the election. She also posted about the incident on Facebook and talked to her children and their teachers about it. She wanted people to understand how to protect themselves and others, she said. “We actually all have a responsibility to create the society we want. ” If you have experienced, witnessed or read about a hate crime or incident of bias or harassment, you can use this form to send information about the incident to This Week in Hate and other partners in the Documenting Hate project. The form is not a report to law enforcement or any government agency. These resources may be helpful for people who have experienced harassment. If you witness harassment, here are some tips for responding. You can contact This Week in Hate at weekinhate@nytimes. com.",0
16324,Revived Clinton Email Scandal Killed By A Slew Of New Facts In Record Time,"The revived Hillary Clinton email investigation story that gave Republicans some brief hope has been killed by a slew of new facts. 
Devastating point number one to Republicans. The emails aren’t about Clinton withholding, receiving, or sending emails: Pete Williams has sources saying not about Clinton world w/holding emails. Not about Podesta emails. Not emails from Clinton. 
— Sam Stein (@samsteinhp) October 28, 2016 
NBC’s Pete Williams also has details that are already taking the air out of Republican sails: NBC’s Pete Williams: Sr. officials say—During separate investigation “a device” led to add'l emails–not from Clinton https://t.co/QmmNoxXhOx 
— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) October 28, 2016 
For those who can’t watch the video above: Important reporting from @PeteWilliamsNBC on the FBI/Clinton news (h/t @mmurraypolitics ). pic.twitter.com/RyxmTPXMtW 
— Sahil Kapur (@sahilkapur) October 28, 2016 
This might be a record for the fastest death of a Republican scandal. Trump and Republicans made a number of assumptions that turned out not to be true. It looks like the FBI is only trying to be careful in their review. Since the emails have nothing to do with Hillary Clinton, the State Department, emails sent or received by Clinton or the Clinton Foundation, Republicans were wrong on all fronts. 
Facts won’t stop Republicans from trying to make something out of nothing, but the Comey letter is not the campaign changer that Trump and the Republicans were hoping for. The weakness of this story means that should play well in the conservative media echo chamber, but by Monday, it will be forgotten by the rest of the country.",0
16325,German Defense Minister warns Donald Trump to stay away from Russia and commit full to NATO,"November 12, 2016 2703 German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen said the US president-elect needs to understand NATO is more about values than business-like behavior. Share on Facebook 
German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen is in panic mode. Her fear is that Trump may actually call out NATO’s uselessness…and that would mean Germany, and other NATO freeloaders, may actually have pay for their own security. 
That is why, when von der Leyen warns Trump to not even think about rapprochement with Russia, she is signaling her fear that such a rapprochement would mean the end of her and her war hungry cronies. 
When von der Leyen tells Trump that NATO stood by the US after the 9/11 attacks, and that NATO “isn’t just a business,” she is trying to kiss Trump’s ass, and admitting that NATO is in fact a “business.” 
And of course no NATO grand standing would be complete without the exhausted and fictional argument that NATO is actually useful in countering Moscow on Syria and Ukraine. 
RT reports … 
Appearing on the ZDF Thursday show ‘Maybrit Illner’, German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen emotionally argued that the US president-elect needs to understand NATO is more about values than business-like behavior. 
She also went on to address some unfounded speculation circulating in Western capitals, namely that Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin are in a ‘bromance’ – a kind of relationship between the two leaders that would benefit bilateral ties between Moscow and Washington. 
Therefore, the Defense Minister continued, the issues of the Ukrainian conflict and the ongoing anti-terrorist efforts in the Syrian city of Aleppo are not to be taken off the table during discussions with Moscow. 
Here are some of von der Leyen remarks to Trump with regard to NATO… 
“What his advisers will hopefully tell him and what he needs to learn is that NATO isn’t just a business. It’s not a company.” 
“I don’t know how he values NATO.” 
“You can’t say ‘the past doesn’t matter, the values we share don’t matter’ but instead try to get as much money out of [NATO] as possible and whether I can have a nice deal out of it,” 
“Donald Trump has to say clearly on which side he is. Whether he is on the side of the law, peaceful order and democracy or whether he does not care about this and is looking instead for a best buddy.” 
For his part, Trump has been lukewarm on the whole NATO charade…and rightly so. RT reminds us of what Trump has said about NATO … 
During his election campaign, Donald Trump repeatedly voiced skepticism towards the bloc, calling it “obsolete” in the era of fighting terrorism worldwide. 
“Maybe NATO will dissolve and that’s OK, not the worst thing in the world,” he said earlier. 
Trump, however, earlier dismissed claims he favors Putin both personally and as a political leader, saying on NBC in September: 
“I don’t know him, I know nothing about him really. I just think if we got along with Russia that’s not a bad thing.” 
Trump has also suggested that the US should not engage too much in defending European allies. 
“Hey, NATO allies,” Trump wrote in a Facebook post in July, “If we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost of protecting you, I will tell you – congratulations, you will be defending yourself.” ",0
16326,How Yelp Reviews Can Help Improve Patient Care - The New York Times,"Hospitals and many insurance carriers care about patient satisfaction. It especially matters to hospitals because insurance payments can be influenced by how patients rate the care they receive, as well as by the health of the patient, which hospitals usually report. Many people in the health care profession are put off by this. They argue that patient satisfaction scores aren’t necessarily aligned with outcomes. Moreover, they say that trying to improve satisfaction is a waste of time. It’s possible, however, that patient satisfaction is being rewarded already, and that the efforts we are making to highlight it aren’t helping as much as we think. Almost every study on patient satisfaction uses the Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (H. C. A. H. P. S.) survey. Studies show it is correlated with clinical measures of quality, although some other studies dispute this. Collecting such information is costly, but there may be other sources for quality assessments that don’t require investment from the health care system. In 2012, researchers in the Journal of General Internal Medicine examined online reviews from RateMDs. com and Yelp. They found that a majority of reviews were positive. They noted, however, that patients reported on aspects of care that extended beyond the   encounter. They were concerned about staff, access to the hospital and convenience. They also cared greatly about the bedside manner of the doctors they encountered. Dr. Naomi Bardach, associate professor of pediatrics and health policy at U. C. S. F. Benioff Children’s Hospital San Francisco, and her colleagues looked at Yelp to determine how consumer ratings compared with those of the hospital consumer assessment survey. Of the almost 3, 800 hospitals with survey and other data, about 25 percent also had ratings on Yelp. The correlation between Yelp and the survey was quite strong. Moreover, high ratings at Yelp were correlated with lower mortality for myocardial infarctions and pneumonia  —   and fewer readmissions for those problems as well as heart failure. A recent study in Health Affairs expanded on this work. Researchers compared the content of Yelp narrative reviews with the factors considered important in the hospital consumer assessment survey. They found that Yelp reviews did cover most things the survey tallied. But they also covered an additional 12 criteria not in the survey. These included the cost of a visit insurance and billing scheduling compassion of staff family member care and the quality of many staff members. All of these things were important to patients, and all might be correlated with outcomes. More important, nine of the 15 most prevalent criteria in reviews were not included in the survey. The use of metrics like the hospital consumer assessment survey assumes that those in the health care system have figured out how best to measure patient satisfaction. They also assume that all the information we need should come from patients or from the medical record. That’s not how the real world works. In a more recent study, Dr. Bardach found that the perceptions of other family members matter and can also be powerful because they focus on safety in a way that patients may not be able to do. The same is true of those who help care for patients at home and help make medical decisions for them. Their opinions are ignored by the survey. Those publicly available data may even be more comprehensive than that gathered at the behest of payers. The next question is whether the health care system needs to measure satisfaction  —   maybe the publicly available data, like at Yelp, is sufficient. Could those data be used alone to incentivize providers? A couple of weeks ago, my colleague Austin Frakt wrote a column on hospital quality and market share. He argued that people could improve their health by choosing a hospital that has a higher quality rating. He also underscored that patient satisfaction scores are often aligned with quality and with better outcomes. He highlighted a paper published in The American Economic Review that looked at how performance of hospitals was related to market share. Conventional wisdom holds that patients lack information on quality and that they cannot tell, or favor, providers who seem better. But researchers found that hospitals that performed better, on both outcomes and   measures, tended to have greater market share, and experienced greater market growth. Further, they found that as patients shifted to hospitals with higher performance, that change alone drove a significant amount in the improvements seen in overall survival rates for a number of conditions. Overall survival improved, in part, just because patients shifted from hospitals with lower quality to higher quality. If patients had the ability to choose between hospitals, they tended to gravitate to those with higher performance. In other words, this may be an area of health care where the free market is working. When allowed to choose, patients seem able to discern quality  —   as they define it  —   and gravitate toward it. It’s not clear that we need to be forcing the issue with measurement and reimbursement. It’s important to recognize, though, that this was a study of Medicare patients, all of whom arguably have more flexibility in terms of hospitals and doctors than those with private insurance. Those with private insurance often are restricted by “narrow networks” and directed to a few facilities and offices. Americans cry out for more choice in their health care. This sometimes gets translated to mean a choice of insurance companies. But Americans with   Medicare, who have the least choice of insurers, have the most choices when it comes to providers. And they seem to use that freedom to choose providers who perform better. I asked Dr. Bardach about this. “It’s still unclear how people are getting the information to choose the hospitals, but the power of stories is likely an important part of why Yelp and other online reviews are compelling,” she said. “Stories add nuance and context to the otherwise somewhat sterile numbers that the H. C. A. H. P. S. produces. ” Research shows that patients reward quality on their own  —   when they can. We might just need to make it easier for more of them to do so.",0
16327,White House Says Bathrobe Anecdote Is All Wet - The New York Times,"■ The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, took aim on Monday afternoon at a New York Times story that described President Trump watching television in his bathrobe. ■ Opposition to Mr. Trump’s travel restrictions on certain countries mounted, but the president remained defiant and unbowed. ■ Mr. Trump turned to Twitter early Monday and began challenging polls that showed his travel order was not popular. ■ A bipartisan group of former National Security Council officials filed court documents opposing the ban. ■ The Justice Department corrected the record on how many people had their visas canceled because of the ban. Mr. Spicer denounced The Times’s account, published Sunday night, of the president’s turbulent adjustment to life in the White House. In particular, he zeroed in on one detail among a few paragraphs of the story that he insisted were wrong: that the president has worn a bathrobe while alone in the White House residence. “That is literally the epitome of fake news,” Mr. Spicer told reporters traveling with Mr. Trump. “Start at the top. I don’t think the president owns a bathrobe. He definitely doesn’t wear one. ” The White House staff stocks the official residence with bathrobes. Within moments of Mr. Spicer’s comment, reporters on Twitter posted photos of a much younger Mr. Trump lounging in a bathrobe. Mr. Spicer added that the story was “so riddled with inaccuracies and lies that they owe the president an apology. ” He went on, “Literally, blatant factual errors, and it’s unacceptable to see that kind of reporting or   reporting. ” The overall piece, which described Mr. Trump’s first two weeks in office as he attempts a dramatic   of a Washington culture he has never inhabited, was “not an accurate portrayal of what’s really happening,” Mr. Spicer concluded. Mr. Trump appeared not to like the news he was reading Monday morning. In one Twitter post, the president rejected reports of polls showing that a majority of Americans oppose his travel order. In another, he appeared to lash out at suggestions that Stephen K. Bannon, his chief strategist, holds the real power in the West Wing. A CNN poll released over the weekend said that 55 percent of Americans viewed Mr. Trump’s travel order as an attempt to keep Muslims out of the country. The president also seemed angry about the    story line, which was featured in a Time magazine article and in a “Saturday Night Live” skit showing Mr. Bannon as the Grim Reaper directing Mr. Trump’s activities in the White House. On Twitter, Mr. Trump called the reports “fake news” that sought to marginalize him. If you missed Mr. Trump talking to Bill O’Reilly of Fox News during the Super Bowl, you will have another chance tonight. Mr. Trump continued his screed against news coverage of him on Monday, training his fire at The New York Times in an apparent reaction to a portrait of his early stumbles published in Monday’s editions. In a Twitter post, Mr. Trump appeared to characterize The Times’s coverage, which was based on interviews with several of his White House’s most senior officials and others aware of the administration’s inner workings, as “fiction” based on fabricated sources. Mr. Trump has long delighted in denigrating The Times and claiming, falsely, that its coverage of him has led to declining readership. But in a meeting at The Times in November, he called the paper, which is among his first reads each morning, “a great, great American jewel. ” Last week, The Times surpassed three million print and digital subscriptions, adding 276, 000 net   subscriptions in the last three months of the year, more additions than in 2013 and 2014 combined. It’s official: Silicon Valley really, really despises Mr. Trump’s immigration order. Overnight, 97 companies  —   most of them technology firms, including Apple, Facebook, Google and Microsoft  —   filed a legal brief arguing that the ban is unconstitutional and harms the interests of American businesses. The brief, filed with the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, is blunt and direct. The ban, it says, “hinders the ability of American companies to attract great talent increases costs imposed on business makes it more difficult for American firms to compete in the international marketplace and gives global enterprises a new, significant incentive to build operations  —   and hire new employees  —   outside the United States. ” It is a remarkable statement of unity from the country’s technology companies, many of which rely heavily on foreign workers. And it is a shot across the bow for Mr. Trump, foreshadowing a rocky relationship with Silicon Valley leaders over the next four years. The companies were not the only ones joining in opposition. Susan E. Rice, former President Barack Obama’s national security adviser, was among the leaders of a petition signed by a group of former National Security Council officials. The Justice Department on Monday corrected the record on an   claim that one of its lawyers made in a Northern Virginia courtroom about the impact of President Trump’s executive order on visitors from seven   countries. The government lawyer provoked gasps in the courtroom when he told Judge Leonie Brinkema, one of the Federal District Court judges weighing legal challenges to Mr. Trump’s order, that more than 100, 000 visas had been revoked as a result of the order  —   far more than had been understood to be the case. That number, however, came under question later on Friday, when a spokesman for the State Department’s Bureau of Consular Affairs said that the real number was around 60, 000 and that the larger figure had inaccurately included diplomatic visas that were not affected by the ban. On Monday, the department submitted a filing to Judge Brinkema that corrected its statement in the court. “In response to a question from this court as to how many individuals have been affected by the executive order, government counsel presenting oral argument, based on information he had received, stated that 100, 000 visas had been provisionally revoked as a result of the executive order,” it said. “The Department of State has since provided undersigned counsel with a revised number, which is roughly 60, 000 visas. ” An outside,   political group is adding veteran   and Republican Party strategists, and is also employing one of the president’s campaign ad makers to try to ensure Senate confirmation of his remaining cabinet nominees. The group, 45Committee, has signed Larry Weitzner of Jamestown Associates, which produced most of Mr. Trump’s campaign ads in the general election. Mr. Weitzner’s first spot will air nationally this week, with a gauzy focus on the initial days of the Trump presidency. It’s part of a $4 million effort, with three other ads focused specifically on the nominations of Betsy DeVos for education secretary, Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Tom Price for secretary of health and human services. Some of those ads have been broadcast in states with critical races in the 2018 midterms. The other new advisers are Cara Mason, who worked as the finance director for the Trump Victory committee under Reince Priebus Rob Collins, a former National Republican Senatorial Committee executive director Mike Shields, a former Republican National Committee chief of staff and Rob Simms, a former National Republican Congressional Committee executive director. With Mr. Trump’s administration still evolving, the 45Committee has moved to fill a void, supporting the White House as it finds itself besieged by critics. Joe Arpaio, the former Arizona sheriff known for his uncompromising stance on illegal immigration, is back in the news months after losing his bid for  . Now he is asking supporters to help him raise $1 million for his legal defense fund. Mr. Arpaio faced numerous lawsuits alleging abuse and faulty medical care in several jails, and taxpayers in Maricopa County, where he was sheriff, spent tens of millions of dollars for his legal defense. In his email, Mr. Arpaio attributed his   defeat to a host of enemies, including “leftist financier George Soros,” the American Civil Liberties Union and the Obama administration’s Justice Department. Mr. Soros spent an estimated $2 million last year opposing Mr. Arpaio, and the Justice Department under Mr. Obama filed criminal    charges against the sheriff for refusing a judge’s order to stop discriminating against Latinos. As the sheriff of Arizona’s largest county, Mr. Arpaio gained a national reputation for immigration raids that targeted heavily Hispanic neighborhoods in and around the Phoenix area. Thousands of people were caught up in the raids, which were often carried out without any proof of criminal activity, and which critics called racial profiling.",0
16328,"Philippines Jailbreak Frees More Than 150 Inmates, Prompting Manhunt - The New York Times","MANILA  —   A manhunt was underway Wednesday for more than 150 inmates who escaped from a jail in the southern Philippines after it came under attack by gunmen overnight. One guard was killed and another wounded in the assault on a jail in Kidapawan City on the   southern island of Mindanao, according to Peter Bungat, the warden. The gunmen were thought to be from a bandit group that had broken away from a Muslim rebel organization, Mr. Bungat told a radio station on Mindanao, which is home to a   insurgency. Five of the 158 inmates who escaped from the facility, the North Cotabato District Jail, were later killed in a shootout with pursuing officers, Senior Inspector Xavier Solda, a spokesman for the Philippine Bureau of Jail Management and Penology, told a radio station in Manila. A village official was also killed when he was mistaken for one of the escaped inmates, the police said. Mr. Bungat said the attack began early Wednesday, when the jail’s power supply was cut. Armed men then approached from behind the compound and began firing. “It was well planned,” Mr. Bungat said. He said it was unclear whether any “high profile” inmates were among the escapees. At least a dozen were involved in drug trafficking, according to officials from the jail management bureau. Mr. Bungat said the assault was believed to have been led by a bandit known as Commander Derbie, who once led a faction of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front, the Philippines’ largest rebel group. Commander Derbie is widely believed to have broken away from that organization, which has signed a peace deal with the government. Philippine security officials have said that Commander Derbie joined a breakaway group called the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters. A spokesman for that group, Abu Misry, denied any involvement in the jailbreak. Ernesto Abella, a spokesman for President Rodrigo Duterte, said there was no “specific information” as to the identities of the gunmen, “though speculation is rife. ” Three inmates who had been charged with possessing drugs and explosives escaped from the North Cotabato District Jail last August. Eight years ago, three inmates accused of carrying out a bombing also escaped from the jail.",0
16329,Deportation Arrest Highlights Tensions in Los Angeles on Immigration - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   Shortly after dropping off his youngest daughter at school, Romulo   saw lights flashing from a black car following him, signaling for him to pull over. The car was unmarked and Mr. Avelica, along with his wife and another daughter, who were also in the car, did not know why he was being stopped. Officers wearing jackets emblazoned with “police” in large yellow letters on their backs emerged and demanded that Mr. Avelica get out of the car. When he asked what he had done wrong, the officers yelled back, “Be quiet, you know you have a deportation order. ” Mr. Avelica’s daughter Fatima, 13, and her mother began to cry. As Mr. Avelica, 48, stepped out of the car and was handcuffed, Fatima pulled out her cellphone and began recording the arrest. “My dad kept telling us to calm down, that everything would be O. K.,” Fatima said in an interview. “I didn’t understand what was happening and how they could have known who he was. ” “Don’t cry,” her mother told her as she filmed. “We have to be strong. ” As news quickly spread of Mr. Avelica’s arrest, local activists and leaders responded with anger and dismay that an arrest could happen so close to a school and in front of a child. Outraged local officials said that the tactics showed a new kind of aggressiveness from immigration agents. Mr. Avelica’s case is the latest example of the growing tension building in Los Angeles between federal immigration enforcers and local officials. The fraught relationship could continue to fray as the Trump administration ramps up arrests and detentions. Local leaders in California and other parts of the country are increasingly criticizing federal immigration agents, saying their actions threaten to erode the trust between local law enforcement officials and immigrants, whom they depend on to report crimes. California officials have for years declined to help enforce immigration laws, but they do not have the power to stop roundups of immigrants living in the United States illegally. Mr. Avelica had been convicted of driving under the influence about a decade ago and was ordered deported in 2014. He has lived in the country for nearly 25 years. But it is unclear precisely why immigration officials targeted him for arrest last week. “It’s very unsettling the way things are being carried out,” said Hilda Solis, a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors who represents the neighborhood east of downtown where Mr. Avelica was arrested. “This man was not an immediate danger to the community. The situation is very scary and alarming for so many of our families and there are a lot of implications for that. I think the federal actions are deliberate and they are trying to send a message. ” Battles over immigration enforcement between local and federal officials are playing out in other cities too. The Santa Cruz police chief, Kevin Vogel, accused Department of Homeland Security officials of lying to him after agents arrested several people for immigration violations during a raid on gang members in the city. Law enforcement officials in El Paso and Denver have also raised concerns that victims of domestic violence are no longer coming forward out of fear of being deported. The mayor in Austin, Tex. wrote a letter condemning recent immigration arrests, saying they made the city less safe. This month, the Los Angeles mayor, the City Council president and the city attorney sent a letter to Immigration and Customs Enforcement asking its employees to stop identifying themselves as police. The day after Mr. Avelica’s arrest, two students from the school his daughters attend, Academia Avance, were stopped by the police. Worried that rumors could spread that they had been stopped by immigration officials, Ricardo Mireles, the executive director of the school, urged students to carry school identification at all times. That was only the start of Mr. Mireles’s warnings to students. Like other public schools, Academia Avance does not know whether students or their parents immigrated legally. But last week, Mr. Mireles gathered all of the students at the small charter school and urged them to ask their parents whether they are living in the United States legally. During parent conferences in the coming days, he said, teachers will ask parents directly if they have made plans in case they are deported. As far as he knows, Fatima and her sister Yuleni are the first students at the school with a parent who has been placed in deportation proceedings. But he does not think they will be the last. For now, there is no way to know how many students are undocumented immigrants or have parents who are Mr. Mireles estimated about 20 percent. But when asked who had undocumented relatives, nearly all of the students in one junior class raised their hands. “This is a lot to ask of you, to put all this responsibility on you, but there’s no other choice,” he told the class. “You need to be prepared. The fact is that fear is being created and terrorism is being inflicted on our community. This father is not a criminal. He’s a person who has made some mistakes but proven his commitment to the United States. ” After Mr. Mireles spoke to the class, one boy approached him crying, saying that his parents would not allow him to ride his bike outside because they were afraid he could be picked up. Mr. Mireles is not allowing anyone who is not a citizen to participate in a senior class trip to New York, fearful that someone could be detained at an airport. Initially, immigration officials told Mr. Avelica that he would be deported to Mexico immediately. But lawyers from the National Day Laborer Organizing Network stepped in, pressing local officials to call the field director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement to voice their concerns and asking activists to do the same. ICE officials said that Mr. Avelica would have been a target under the Obama administration because of his conviction and order of removal. Officers abided by the agency’s sensitive locations policy, which generally restricts arrests in schools, and stopped him about half a mile from the school, not knowing that one of the daughters remained in the car, the officials said. Since receiving his deportation order, Mr. Avelica has occasionally talked with his children about the possibility that he could be sent back to Mexico. He worked for years in restaurants,   shifts, six days a week, his family said. He tried to avoid any contact with law enforcement officials. His two adult daughters warned their younger sisters two weeks ago that he could be in danger, but they cut the conversation short before making any specific plans. Jeff Gorell, the Los Angeles deputy mayor for public safety, said the circumstances of Mr. Avelica’s arrest were concerning enough that he wanted more information. “There’s certainly heightened focus here on the activities of ICE,” he said. “Any incident that affects our neighborhoods with the kind of response that a detention gets of course gives the mayor concern. That’s one of the reasons we called immediately. ” Pablo Alvarado, the executive director of the day labor organization, said the involvement from local officials probably helped keep Mr. Avelica in the country for now. He is being held at a detention center about two hours east of Los Angeles. “Political leaders are trying to understand what’s rhetoric and what’s real, but I think they are starting to see that we’re not just talking about hypothetical,” Mr. Alvarado said. “There are going to be real dilemmas for elected officials about how complicit they are willing to be. ”",0
16330,Georgia Man Sentenced to Life Without Parole for Son’s Death in Hot Car - The New York Times,"A judge on Monday sentenced a Georgia man to life in prison without the possibility of parole after a jury found that he had intentionally left his toddler son in a hot sport utility vehicle to die. Jurors last month convicted the man, Justin Ross Harris, 35 when convicted, of malice murder and other charges in the June 2014 death of his    son, Cooper. Prosecutors argued that Mr. Harris was unhappily married and intentionally killed his son because he wanted an escape from family life. Defense lawyers maintained that Mr. Harris was a loving father and that while he was responsible for the boy’s death, it was a tragic accident. Mr. Harris did not testify at trial and did not speak at his sentencing hearing. Superior Court Judge Mary Staley Clark of Cobb County Superior Court told Mr. Harris that she thought about statements he had made during conversations with the police and his wife the day his son died about wishing to be an advocate to help keep others from leaving a child in a hot vehicle. “Perhaps not the way you intended, you in fact have accomplished that goal,” she said as she gave him the maximum sentence. Prosecutors had decided not to seek the death penalty, and Charles P. Boring, an assistant district attorney and the lead prosecutor on the case, said the sentence Mr. Harris got was appropriate. “I don’t think you could have any other sentence that would be appropriate when somebody’s been convicted of intentionally taking the life of a    child  —   not only doing that but doing it such a painful and deliberate way,” Mr. Boring told reporters. Mr. Harris’s lawyers did not present any evidence or make any arguments at sentencing. They also declined to comment after sentencing. Cooper died after sitting for about seven hours in the back seat of his father’s vehicle outside the suburban Atlanta office where Mr. Harris worked. Temperatures in the Atlanta area that day reached at least into the high 80s. Mr. Harris told police he forgot to drop his son off at day care that morning, instead driving straight to his job as a web developer for Home Depot, forgetting that Cooper was still in his car seat. Investigators found evidence that Mr. Harris was engaging in online flirtations and   affairs with numerous women other than his wife, including a prostitute and an underage teenager. Judge Staley Clark decided after nearly three weeks of jury selection in April that pretrial publicity had made it too difficult to find a fair jury in Cobb County, where the boy died, and granted a defense request to relocate the trial. A jury in Glynn County, located on the Georgia coast about 60 miles south of Savannah, spent about a month listening to evidence in the case and deliberated for four days before finding Mr. Harris guilty of all eight counts against him. In addition to malice murder and felony murder charges, Mr. Harris was also found guilty of sending sexual text messages to a teenage girl and sending her nude photos.",0
16331,MS-13 Gang Members Indicted for NY Teen Murders,"A number of   Gang members, some of which are illegal immigrants, were indicted in federal court for their involvement in the slayings of two New York teenagers. [Some 13   gang members, 10 being illegal immigrants, were indicted for murder charges against Nisa Mickens and Kayla Cuevas, as well as five other individuals who were allegedly murdered by the criminal organization, according to NBC New York.  According to federal prosecutors in the Eastern District of New York, Mickens’ body was found brutally beaten in a   area of the   region of Brentwood. Just a day later, her lifelong best friend Cuevas was found beaten and killed in a wooded area in the same area. New York Attorney Robert Capers said the   gang members noticed the two teenage girls while they were looking for rival gang members to spar with. The gang members had previously known Cuevas from a past altercation and called their gang leader for approval to kill the girls. Capers told the media that the two girls were killed from   gang members “swinging baseball bats and machetes” at them, pointing out that both were running for their lives. Alexi Saenz, 22, Enrique Portillo, 19, and Selvin Chavez, 19, as well as two other   members are accused specifically with the girls’ deaths. The bodies of Oscar Acosta, 19, Miguel   15, and Jose   18, were also found in the same period as the two teenage girls. All victims were students at Brentwood High School. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
16332,Kasich: Completely Getting Rid of Obamacare ’Not Acceptable’ - Breitbart,"Kasich on ACA: There are some very conservative Rs in the House who are going to say just get rid of the whole thing  that’s not acceptable pic. twitter.  Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Gov. John Kasich ( ) a former candidate for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination, said it was “not acceptable” for Republicans in Washington, DC to completely “get rid” of the Affordable Care Act.  Kasich said, “I mean there’s going to be a problem in the House of getting anything out of there that still provides coverage to people. That’s why the Republicans have to reach out to some of the Democrats. I don’t know whether that’s going to happen. ” He added, “Well because I think there are some very conservative Republicans in the House who are going to say just get rid of the whole thing. And that’s not acceptable when you have 20 million people or 700, 000 people in my state because where do the mentally ill go? Where do the drug addicted go?” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
16334,Could a Muslim Judge Be Neutral to Donald Trump? He Doesn’t Think So - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump, who said last week that a judge’s Mexican heritage should disqualify him from a lawsuit against Mr. Trump, expressed doubt on Sunday that a Muslim judge could remain neutral in the case, comments that are unlikely to ease concerns among his fellow Republicans who fear his controversial remarks could hurt the party in November. Mr. Trump’s comments, made in an interview with John Dickerson, the host of CBS’s “Face the Nation,” followed his criticism of Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel, a federal judge in California overseeing a suit against the defunct Trump University. Mr. Trump said Judge Curiel had a “conflict of interest” in the case because of Mr. Trump’s proposed border wall with Mexico. Republicans, concerned about how his contentious statements could harm their ability to retain control of the Senate and have a detrimental effect in   races, have struggled with how to distance themselves from Mr. Trump’s language without alienating his   voters. In a series of interviews on Sunday television news shows, Republicans repudiated Mr. Trump’s comments about Judge Curiel. But instead of softening his stance, Mr. Trump intensified it. Mr. Dickerson asked Mr. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, if a Muslim judge would be similarly biased because of Mr. Trump’s call for a ban on Muslim immigrants. “It’s possible, yes,” Mr. Trump said. “Yeah. That would be possible. Absolutely. ” When Mr. Dickerson said there was a tradition in the United States, a nation of immigrants, against judging people based on heritage, Mr. Trump replied, “I’m not talking about tradition, I’m talking about common sense, O. K.?” In his interview with Mr. Dickerson, and in a separate discussion with Jake Tapper on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Mr. Trump refused to retreat from his comments on Judge Curiel’s background. “He is a member of a club or society, very strongly   which is all fine,” Mr. Trump said. “But I say he’s got bias. I want to build a wall. I’m going to build a wall. I’m doing very well with the Latinos, with the Hispanics, with the Mexicans, I’m doing very well with them, in my opinion. ” Judge Curiel, 62, was born in East Chicago, Ind. to parents who had emigrated from Mexico. He graduated from Indiana University’s law school and worked as an assistant United States attorney in the Southern District of California before being appointed in 2007 to the bench in San Diego by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, a Republican. President Obama nominated Judge Curiel to the federal bench in late 2011, and he was confirmed by the Senate in 2012. Mr. Trump’s broadside against Judge Curiel was one of the most overtly racial remarks he had made in the presidential race, and it exacerbated the tension between some Republicans and their nominee. White, older,   voters make up a large portion of the party’s base, and Republicans need to keep the presidential campaign close in order to hold their majority in the Senate. But Mr. Trump’s remarks have offended wide blocs of voters to whom the party must appeal amid national demographic shifts. And the critiques have raised concerns about how, as president, Mr. Trump would handle the separation of powers between the executive and judicial branches of government. That issue is sacred to conservatives, who have railed against what they see as an abuse of power by Mr. Obama. Republicans have tried to mitigate the potential damage of Mr. Trump’s language by rejecting it in one moment, but embracing his candidacy in the next. On NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, did not directly answer a question about whether Mr. Trump’s remark had been racist, but said he completely disagreed with it. “All of us came here from somewhere else,” Mr. McConnell said, referring to Judge Curiel’s heritage. “That’s an important part of what makes America work. ” Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, a Republican whose name had been floated as a potential   nominee, said on ABC’s “This Week” of Mr. Trump’s behavior, “I think that he’s going to have to change. ” And Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker, who has been among Mr. Trump’s most vocal supporters, called the Curiel remarks “inexcusable” on “Fox News Sunday. ” “This is one of the worst mistakes Trump has made,” said Mr. Gingrich, who has also been mentioned as a potential   candidate. But none of the three men rejected Mr. Trump’s candidacy outright. Mr. Gingrich praised Mr. Trump moments later as a quick learner. Mr. Corker suggested that Mr. Trump “has an opportunity to really change the trajectory of our country, and it’s my sense that he will take advantage of that. ” Those defenses are becoming more strained as Mr. Trump has reversed his suggestions that he knows he must grow into the role of nominee. And Republicans were mostly silent after Hillary Clinton assailed Mr. Trump in a speech on Thursday about the stakes of the election. Mr. Trump led his defense on Twitter and at a rally, but his campaign and its surrogates had no uniform response. In the weeks since he vanquished his remaining two primary opponents, Mr. Trump has repeatedly turned his campaign’s focus inward  —   toward his businesses, the Trump University lawsuit, his fights with other Republicans  —   and obscured the hopes Republicans had of keeping a spotlight on Mrs. Clinton and her email controversy, or on a jobs report suggesting a slowdown in job creation. Mr. McConnell, who endorsed Mr. Trump quickly after Mr. Trump became the presumptive nominee early last month, has been vocal in his concern that the remarks on Hispanics will have a historic effect along the lines of the remarks Barry Goldwater made on the party’s ability to woo black voters after he declined to support the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Mr. McConnell said the alternative to Mr. Trump  —   a second Clinton presidency  —   was worse. But he also urged Mr. Trump to stop focusing on the recent past and to look toward the future. “This is a good time, it seems to me, to begin to try to unify the party,” Mr. McConnell said. “And you unify the party by not settling scores and grudges against people you’ve been competing with,” he added. “We’re all behind him now. And I’d like to see him reach out and pull us all together and give us a real shot at winning this November. ”",0
16335,Facebook Said to Create Censorship Tool to Get Back Into China - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive, has cultivated relationships with China’s leaders, including President Xi Jinping. He has paid multiple visits to the country to meet its top internet executives. He has made an effort to learn Mandarin. Inside Facebook, the work to enter China runs far deeper. The social network has quietly developed software to suppress posts from appearing in people’s news feeds in specific geographic areas, according to three current and former Facebook employees, who asked for anonymity because the tool is confidential. The feature was created to help Facebook get into China, a market where the social network has been blocked, these people said. Mr. Zuckerberg has supported and defended the effort, the people added. Facebook has restricted content in other countries before, such as Pakistan, Russia and Turkey, in keeping with the typical practice of American internet companies that generally comply with government requests to block certain content after it is posted. Facebook blocked roughly 55, 000 pieces of content in about 20 countries between July 2015 and December 2015, for example. But the new feature takes that a step further by preventing content from appearing in feeds in China in the first place. Facebook does not intend to suppress the posts itself. Instead, it would offer the software to enable a third party  —   in this case, most likely a partner Chinese company  —   to monitor popular stories and topics that bubble up as users share them across the social network, the people said. Facebook’s partner would then have full control to decide whether those posts should show up in users’ feeds. The current and former Facebook employees caution that the software is one of many ideas the company has discussed with respect to entering China and, like many experiments inside Facebook, it may never see the light of day. The feature, whose code is visible to engineers inside the company, has so far gone unused, and there is no indication that Facebook has offered it to the authorities in China. But the project illustrates the extent to which Facebook may be willing to compromise one of its core mission statements, “to make the world more open and connected,” to gain access to a market of 1. 4 billion Chinese people. Even as Facebook faces pressure to continue growing  —   Mr. Zuckerberg has often asked where the company’s next billion users will come from  —   China has been cordoned off to the social network since 2009 because of the government’s strict rules around censorship of user content. The suppression software has been contentious within Facebook, which is separately grappling with what should or should not be shown to its users after the American presidential election’s unexpected outcome spurred questions over fake news on the social network. Several employees who were working on the project have left Facebook after expressing misgivings about it, according to the current and former employees. A Facebook spokeswoman said in a statement, “We have long said that we are interested in China, and are spending time understanding and learning more about the country. ” She added that the company had made no decisions on its approach into China. Facebook’s tricky position underscores the difficulties that many American internet companies have had gaining access to China. For years, companies like Google and Twitter have been blocked there for refusing to yield to the government’s demands around censorship. In 2010, Google said it was directing users of its search engine in China to its service in Hong Kong, because of censorship and intrusion from hackers. Other companies, like the professional social networking service LinkedIn, agreed to censor some content on their platforms in China. The current climate for internet companies in China may not help Facebook. In August, the   giant Uber gave up an expensive battle to crack the Chinese market, selling its Chinese business to an incumbent rival, Didi Chuxing. More broadly, China has streamlined and tightened its controls over the internet under President Xi, targeting influential social media celebrities and adding new reviews to popular online video sites. Still, some officials responsible for China’s tech policy have been willing to entertain the idea of Facebook’s operating in the country. It would legitimize China’s strict style of internet governance, and if done according to official standards, would enable easy tracking of political opinions deemed problematic. Even so, resistance remains at the top levels of Chinese leadership. Some analysts have said Facebook’s best option is to follow a model laid out by other internet companies and cooperate with a local company or investor. Finding a partner  —   and potentially allowing it to own a majority stake in Facebook’s China operation  —   would take the burden of censorship and surveillance off the Silicon Valley company. It would also let Facebook rely on a local company’s government connections and experience to deal with the difficult task of communicating with Beijing. Facebook and Chinese officials have had intermittent talks in the last few years about the social network’s entering the market, according to employees who were involved in the discussions, though the two sides have been unable to reach a compromise. Facebook currently sells advertising for some Chinese businesses from its Hong Kong office. Among its customers are   sites that act as the propaganda arm of the Chinese government, and that operate official accounts where they post articles. Chinese citizens who wish to gain access to Facebook must tunnel in using a technology known as a virtual private network, or VPN. It’s unclear when the suppression tool originated, but the project picked up momentum in the last year, as engineers were plucked from other parts of Facebook to work on the effort, the current and former employees said. The project was led by Vaughan Smith, a vice president for mobile, corporate and business development at Facebook, they said. Like Mr. Zuckerberg, Mr. Smith speaks a smattering of Mandarin. Unveiling a new censorship tool in China could lead to more demands to suppress content from other countries. The   problem, which has hit countries across the globe, has already led some governments to use the issue as an excuse to target sites of political rivals, or shut down social media sites altogether. Over the summer, several Facebook employees who were working on the suppression tool left the company, the current and former employees said. Internally, so many employees asked about the project and its ambitions on an internal forum that, in July, it became a topic at one of Facebook’s weekly Friday afternoon    sessions. Mr. Zuckerberg was at the event and answered a question from the audience about the tool. He told the gathering that Facebook’s China plans were nascent. But he also struck a pragmatic tone about the future, according to employees who attended the session. “It’s better for Facebook to be a part of enabling conversation, even if it’s not yet the full conversation,” Mr. Zuckerberg said, according to employees.",0
16336,Stanford Accepts Muslim Teenager Who Wrote ’BlackLivesMatter’ 100 Times On Application - Breitbart,"Stanford University, one of America’s most prestigious institutions of higher learning, has reportedly accepted the application of a Muslim teenager whose application included the repition of the slogan “blacklivesmatter” exactly 100 times. [According to The Independent, Muslim senior high school student Ziad Ahmed repeated the slogan in response to the following question in Stanford’s application process: “What matters to you, and why?”  Ahmed posted a picture of his acceptance letter from Stanford on Twitter. In the letter, a Stanford representative said everyone who reviewed his application was “inspired” by Ahmed’s “passion, determination, accomplishments, and heart. ” The letter goes on to invite Ahmed to join a “diverse, joyful, and welcoming campus community. ” I submitted this answer in my @Stanford application,  yesterday, I was admitted  …    #BlackLivesMatter pic. twitter.   —   Ziad Ahmed (@ziadtheactivist) April 1, 2017,  In a comment to   online publication Mic. com, Ahmed said “my unapologetic progressivism is a central part of my identity, and I wanted that to be represented adequately in my application. ” Ahmed emphasized that his “blacklivesmatter” answer was not the only part of his application. Nevertheless, this part of his application has been trumpeted by   and mainstream publications including The Independent, Mic, the BBC, and the Huffington Post. Also, it’s important to note that this response was one answer on one application. Not my college essay or etc. There’s a lot more to it.  —   Ziad Ahmed (@ziadtheactivist) April 4, 2017,  Ahmed, 18, appears to be making rapid strides in the world of   activism. His Twitter profile includes pictures with former President Barack Obama and former Secretary of State and failed 2016 presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.  Ahmed was, as his bio claims, listed on MTV’s “Top 9 Teens Changing The World” in 2015. He is the founder of Redefy, an activist organization which aims to “boldly defy stereotypes, embrace acceptance and tolerance, redefine our perspectives positively, and create an active community. ” According to MTV, Ahmed attended the White House Iftar Dinner in 2015, during which he “chatted” with   Obama. “[The President and I] talked about   …     counterterrorism and Palestine and Israel. And we talked about education girls’ education,” Ahmed told MTV. “It was just the most enlightening and intellectual and informative conversation I could ever be part of. It reminded me of what I’d said before: Teens don’t realize we need to be in this conversation, injustice is our fight too. ” Ziad Ahmed’s personal website is called ziadtheactivist. com. He describes himself as a “speaker, thinker, and  ” who “stands unapologetically for justice. ” You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter and add him on Facebook. Email tips and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart. com.",0
16337,‘It Had to Be Stopped’: Heroes Rise Amid France Terror Attacks - The New York Times,"NICE, France  —   Terrorist attacks in France come often enough that they can seem to be variations on a painful pattern: carnage followed by disbelief, then condemnations, condolences, and shrines of flowers, candles and letters for the dead. Yet to see the attacks only that way is to miss the one element that might buoy the national spirit: In nearly every terrorist episode here, ordinary individuals risked their own safety to try to halt the attack or to lend a hand to the wounded rather than running away. Some of these local heroes are recognized right away, though others never receive recognition and some receive it only belatedly. “What I saw was horrible, people crushed  —   it had to be stopped,” said a    man named Franck who would not give his surname even after he was decorated by the City of Nice for his effort to stop the driver of a cargo truck that ran over scores of people at a  Bastille Day celebration on July 14. A worker at the Nice airport, Franck, who was on a motor scooter, decided in a split second to chase the truck and when he caught up, rammed it  —   to no avail  —   and was knocked off. He got up and ran after the truck, managed to climb onto the running boards and began hitting the driver through the open window. As the driver, Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel, tried to shoot Franck his gun failed and at the same time, Franck tried to open the door of the truck, then tried climbing through the window, but the driver struck him on the head with the gun and he fell, breaking a rib and badly bruising his back. Franck said he was satisfied that when the driver was fighting with him, he was not running over more people. “He was concentrating on me in that moment he could not kill people,” he said. At least two other men made similar, if less prolonged, efforts and also received medals from the City of Nice: Alexander Migues pursued the truck on a bicycle, and Gwenaël Leriche, a    deliveryman, ran after the truck armed with nothing but a penknife and tried to jump onto the running boards as the truck came to a halt. They were not unique. Almost every attack or attempted attack in France since the assault on the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo on Jan. 7, 2015, produced local heroes. There was Lassana Bathily, a Muslim immigrant from Mali, who hid shoppers in the basement of a kosher grocery store in Paris two days after the Charlie Hebdo attack, then smuggled them out as the terrorist Amedy Coulibaly held people hostage upstairs. In Villejuif in April last year, a fitness instructor and mother, Aurélie Châtelain, 32, refused to hand over her car to Sid Ahmed Ghlam, who the authorities say planned to gun down a crowd at a suburban church. Her refusal ended with both of them being shot in a tussle, and she died. When Mr. Ghlam called the police for help, he was arrested. He remains in prison and contends he did not shoot her. Ms. Châtelain received the Légion d’Honneur posthumously after her family and friends pointed out that if those who stopped a gunman presumed to be on the verge of an attack on the   Thalys train running from Amsterdam to Paris deserved France’s highest award, so did she. The attempted attack on the train occurred almost exactly a year ago, when a shirtless man emerged from a train bathroom with a Kalashnikov assault rifle and a Luger pistol. Three Americans who  stopped him have been decorated by France’s president, along with a Briton and a   man, Mark Moogalian, who was the first to grab the gunman, Ayoub El Khazzani. Mr. Moogalian was shot in the process but survived. The intervention of the men stopped what could have become a slaughter. On Nov. 13, 2015, when extremists tied to the Islamic State attacked a theater, a stadium and restaurants in and near Paris, a number of people made extraordinary efforts to help each other. One was Ludovic Boumbas, a    of Congolese descent, who lived in Lille and was celebrating the birthday of a waitress at the   La Belle Équipe when armed men began firing on them. He jumped in front of a young woman who was at the party and was fatally shot she was wounded but survived. Most recently, in July, Sister Danielle Delafosse overcame her fear after  terrorists entered a small church at St.    in Rouen, France, with the intent to kill people. She ran out of the church, found someone with a phone and had the person call the police, who arrived too late to save the Rev. Jacques Hamel, 85, who was killed, but perhaps in time to prevent more bloodshed. While the heroism that gains attention is often the sort that risks the hero’s own life or limb, many who acted in less visible ways nonetheless transcended the moment. They responded with an extraordinary commitment to assist the wounded in circumstances that many would find overwhelming. In Nice, they include doctors,   technicians, nurses and firefighters who worked hours upon hours treating the injured or trying to match lost children with their families. There was also Gilles Thévenet, the owner of the High Club, a popular discothèque in Nice that faces the Promenade des Anglais, who swiftly turned his nightclub into a triage center for emergency workers. Mr. Thévenet was sitting in his office in the back of the building, oblivious to the bloody chaos as the cargo truck careened by, until his security guards rushed in and he ran to the front door. “We heard the weeping, the cries, we saw the crowds,” he said. “I understood I had to choose. I could not open the door to the crowds of people and to those giving first aid, I decided the first priority was the wounded, to do as much as we could for the emergency responders who were trying to save whomever they could,” he said. In minutes, the firefighters and   workers began carrying the injured  —   and the dead  —   into the club to get them off the promenade, which was thick with running, stumbling, screaming people. Soon, two medical helicopters landed just in front of the disco, where the aid workers performed triage, with the most badly hurt airlifted to hospitals nearby. Some of Mr. Thévenet’s security staff, who were trained in first aid, worked alongside the firefighters and emergency responders a room in the club was set aside for the dead. Mr. Thévenet is not sure when  —   or even if  —   business will return, especially because many in Nice know that the dead and wounded lay in rows on the same floor where they would be dancing. But he believes it will. “We will have to find again the party atmosphere, that has been our protein for 11 years,” he said. “It is out of the question to cede it to the terrorists. ” A few blocks farther west on the promenade, in sight of the sea, stands the ultramodern Lenval Foundation Hospital, one of only two major pediatric centers in southern France. and the place where Dr. Virginie Rampal, a pediatric orthopedist, who was born and raised in Nice, works day in and day out to mend the bones of children. She was   the night of the attack, but at home after a relatively quiet day. She had considered going with her daughters to the promenade to see the fireworks, but her plans changed when a friend stopped by. When Dr. Rampal’s pager went off, like everyone else, she did not know of the attack, but rushed to the emergency room. The wounded were already filling the chairs, lying on the floor, some with open fractures  —   most of them children. More were coming in, some carried in their parents’ arms. She helped with triage, went into surgery, back to triage, working without stopping as 30 young patients, many under the age of 10, were stabilized and sent into surgery. Of the 30 children, 28 survived  —   two died from head injuries and crushed pelvises, she said. At 7 a. m. she went home to shower. “I came in and took my daughter in my arms and held her close to me”  —   she has two girls, one 2½ and another 9 months old. She was back at the hospital 90 minutes later.",0
16338,"Sky Poll Alleging Britain Is ’More Racist, Less Happy’ Is Flawed","Sky News unveiled a data poll suggesting that Britain is “more racist and less happy” than a year ago, with the supposedly worsening mood framed as a direct consequence of the country voting to leave the European Union (EU) last June. [The findings were reported by Sky News by the broadcaster’s Head of Data, Harry Carr, who previously managed the political polling for Ipsos MORI, a polling organisation which suffered a severe blow to its credibility after putting the probability of Britain voting to Remain in the EU at 74 per cent.  Carr writes that 57 per cent of respondents believe the UK is more racist than it was 12 months ago, immediately after an allusion to Home Office statistics which claim allegations of crimes motivated by racial or religious hatred are up by 41 per cent. This increase in allegations is likely to have been driven by government policy, which is geared towards positively encouraging an increase in hate crime reporting. The Home Office launched a hate crime action plan in July 2016 in which the Home Secretary, Amber Rudd, made it clear the government has been pushing “measures to increase the reporting of hate incidents and crimes”. Past measures have included a scheme launched by the British Transport Police which allows people to register hate crime allegations via text, which logged 32, 500 incidents in its first three years of operation, and the online True Vision portal, which logged 4, 300 hate allegations in  . Assistant Chief Constable of the Essex police force, Maurice Mason, admitted some of these reported incidents reported even include “members of the public complaining about Nigel Farage, or whatever   …     If the person feels it’s a hate crime it will get recorded as a hate crime”. Mason’s comments underline that there is virtually no requirement for evidence of a crime to be presented before a hate incident is logged. The College of Policing’s Hate Crime Operational Guidance manual states that, “For recording purposes, the perception of the victim, or any other person, is the defining factor in determining whether an incident is a hate incident”. The guidance goes on to make it clear that “the victim does not have to justify or provide evidence of their belief, and police officers or staff should not directly challenge this perception. Evidence of the hostility is not required for an incident or crime to be recorded as a hate crime or hate incident. ” The police will take action against false reporting, as when a Muslim woman was fined for lying about being attacked in Birmingham last year, but the guidance is clear that challenging people to substantiate hate crime allegations is generally discouraged. This has not stopped broadcasters and mainstream media outlets such as Sky News from reporting that hate crime has “soared” prominently and repeatedly, which is likely the key factor in the public allegedly perceiving an increase in racism. Another driver for any increase in hate crime, not explored in the Sky News report, is the accelerating pace of mass immigration, with migrants in poorly integrated minority communities harbouring racist attitudes towards the majority population themselves. Police Scotland conceded that white Britons were the most likely victims of racist attacks towards the end of 2015, a widely unreported phenomenon. Sir Peter Fahy, former Chief Constable of Greater Manchester Police, has been reported as saying that it is “a fact that it [is] harder to get the media interested where murder victims [are] young white men. ” Broadcasters have come under strong criticism for their failure to report such crimes in the past, with the BBC acknowledging it “underplayed” the murder of Kriss Donald by a Pakistani gang in Scotland’s first ever race hate killing. Biased, negative media coverage following the Brexit vote, such as that uncovered at the BBC by researchers at News Watch, will also have played a part in any increasing apprehensions about the future. Sky Data did not believe that voters would back Brexit if they thought it would damage the economy before the referendum, which would seem to contradict its new report suggesting most members of the public believe it will. Sky’s previous survey also indicated that “Brits do not think the UK will be less respected on the world stage if it leaves the EU” that Britain gets “a raw deal” from the EU compared to France and Germany, and that EU immigration “undermines British culture and values”.",0
16339,Ex-Miss Finland Just Accused Trump Of Sexual Assault,"  
Yet another woman has stepped forward to accuse Republican nominee Donald Trump of sexual assault. Ninni Laaksonen, crowned the 2006 Miss Finland , has become the fourteenth woman to come forward and accuse Trump of unwanted advances. Speaking to local newspaper Ilta-Sanomat, Laaksonen described how moments before she was set to appear on the Late Show With David Letterman , Trump came up to her and began groping her buttocks. 
““Before the show we were photographed outside the building. Trump stood right next to me and suddenly he squeezed my butt. He really grabbed my butt. I don’t think anybody saw it but I flinched and thought: ‘What is happening?’” 
Laaksonen later attended a party with other contestants. “Somebody told me there that Trump liked me because I looked like Melania when she was younger. It left me disgusted.” 
The story echos the complaints made by numerous women about Trump, who boasted on a hot mic of casually committing sexual assault on women he finds attractive. “I’m automatically attracted to beautiful women — I just start kissing them, it’s like a magnet…I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything… Grab ’em by the pussy” said Trump to Entertainment Tonight’s Billy Bush. 
That admission opened the floodgates as dozens of women came forth telling stories that all reinforce each other’s credibility, painting a portrait of a serial predator who treats women’s bodies as objects for him to grope and force himself upon as he pleases. His response to the allegations has been to demean the women, insult them for their looks, and threaten to sue them for “libel.” The consistency of the women’s accounts taken in the context of his own words should leave little doubt in the mind of the American voter of who is telling the truth here.",0
16340,"In First, Trump Condemns Rise in Anti-Semitism, Calling It ‘Horrible’ - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   President Trump said on Tuesday that the rise of   in the United States since his inauguration was “horrible” and “painful,” reacting publicly for the first time to mounting threats targeting Jewish people and institutions after he drew criticism for being slow to condemn them. During a visit to the National Museum of   History and Culture, Mr. Trump said he was reminded of the need to combat hatred “in all of its very ugly forms. ” He spoke one day after 11 bomb threats were phoned in to Jewish community centers around the country and a Jewish cemetery in University City, Mo. was vandalized. “The   threats targeting our Jewish community and community centers are horrible, and are painful, and a very sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil,” Mr. Trump said. The statement came after weeks of private complaints from leaders of major Jewish organizations to members of Mr. Trump’s inner circle, including his    Jared Kushner, about the president’s seeming unwillingness to speak out forcefully against   acts. His failure to do so stoked concern among some Jewish leaders that Mr. Trump, whose presidential campaign drew the support of racist and   groups including the Ku Klux Klan, was at best willing to stay silent about such actions and at worst quietly condoning them. Mr. Trump’s comment on Tuesday was a rare concession to the demands of outside forces by a president who prides himself on standing his ground. Despite the questions that arose during his campaign, Mr. Trump has never proactively delivered a statement condemning  . “The president’s sudden acknowledgment of   is a   on the cancer of   that has infected his own administration,” said Steven Goldstein, the executive director of the Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect. “When President Trump responds to   proactively and in real time, and without pleas and pressure, that’s when we’ll be able to say this president has turned a corner. ” He added, “This is not that moment. ” The White House was criticized by Jewish groups last month when it issued a statement honoring International Holocaust Remembrance Day that did not mention the six million Jews who perished, instead broadly mentioning “the depravity and horror inflicted on innocent people by Nazi terror” and “those who died. ” Pressed on the matter, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, defended the statement as “inclusive” of all of those targeted during the Holocaust, including Gypsies, priests and gay people, and he called the criticism “pathetic. ” Concern mounted among Jewish leaders after a news conference last week at which Mr. Trump reacted angrily to a question about his response to the increasing number of   acts around the nation. The president called the query insulting and demanded that the questioner, who works for a Jewish publication, sit down. The   League called the president’s reaction “ . ” Mr. Trump, who was criticized during his campaign for being slow or halfhearted in condemning hate speech, has been particularly stung by accusations that he is   or that he has nurtured the rise of such sentiments. Such accusations have been leveled against both the president and his chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, a former chairman of Breitbart News, a website that has cultivated a white nationalist following. The president’s daughter Ivanka Trump, who converted to Judaism to marry Mr. Kushner, an observant Jew, wrote in a Twitter post on Monday: “America is a nation built on the principle of religious tolerance. We must protect our houses of worship  religious centers. #JCC. ” JCC is the abbreviation for Jewish community centers. Morton A. Klein, the president of the Zionist Organization of America and a strong supporter of Mr. Trump, said, “One of the issues here is that President Trump and Steve Bannon are very upset and very frustrated that so many Jewish organizational leaders have accused them of being   which is very unfair and simply inaccurate. ” Mr. Klein added, though, that “President Trump needed to, himself  —   not through a statement by his daughter that didn’t even mention    —   speak up against this kind of hatred and urge law enforcement to do all they can to find these perpetrators and hold them accountable. ” The president’s slow response, he argued, may have been in part because Mr. Trump “wants to make these decisions on his own and not feel like he’s being told what to do. ” The proliferation of   acts in the United States and the president’s failure to address them publicly were frequent topics of conversation in Jerusalem over the weekend, where the leaders of American Jewish groups gathered for meetings, according to attendees who described the private discussions on the condition of anonymity. On Tuesday, several organizations issued statements praising Mr. Trump’s comments. “We appreciate that President Trump spoke directly to this matter,” said Nathan J. Diament, the executive director for public policy at the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America. “The words of a president of the United States carry great weight, and it is important that Mr. Trump addressed the American Jewish community and all our fellow Americans at this time. ” Still, some leaders said they wished Mr. Trump had made a personal call for his administration to find and prosecute perpetrators of the recent   threats. The Simon Wiesenthal Center urged Mr. Trump to present a plan for combating   and called on Attorney General Jeff Sessions to form a task force on the matter. Mark Potok, a senior fellow at the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks   activities, said the wave of threats was “really worrying,” especially because of the “tendency on the part of this administration to completely overlook terrorism and political violence from the domestic radical right. ” Mr. Potok also welcomed Mr. Trump’s comments, but he criticized them as tardy. “It’s very nice that President Trump opposes these crimes,” Mr. Potok said. “It might have been helpful if he had done so months or even years earlier. ” Mr. Spicer complained on Tuesday that Mr. Trump was being treated unfairly. “It’s ironic that, no matter how many times he talks about this, that it’s never good enough,” he said at a briefing with reporters. He declined to respond to a shouted question about whether Mr. Trump would ask the Justice Department to prosecute those responsible for the   acts. Mr. Trump has mentioned his Jewish grandchildren and daughter when questioned about his commitment to combating  . Yet defenses of Judaism that do not involve fealty to Israel have proved tougher for a man raised in New York, a city heavily populated with Jews. In an interview with Jake Tapper of CNN at the end of February 2016, soon after Mr. Trump won the South Carolina primary, Mr. Trump demurred when pressed repeatedly about the support offered to him by David Duke, a former Ku Klux Klan leader. “Honestly, I don’t know David Duke,” Mr. Trump said at the time. Asked by reporters days later why he would not simply disavow Mr. Duke, Mr. Trump shrugged and said, “I disavow, O. K.?”",0
16341,Vox Claims North Korea’s Economy Doing ’Pretty Well’,"“Turns Out North Korea’s Economy Is Actually Doing Pretty Well,” the headline at Vox proclaims. The bulk of the article offers nothing to support this assertion. [The piece is based heavily on a “fascinating article” in the New York Times, which purportedly demonstrated how North Korea “has been experiencing economic success in recent years by taking steps toward allowing private enterprise to spread throughout the country. ”  “According to the Times, some experts estimate that the North Korean economy could be growing between 1 and 5 percent per year. If North Korea’s economy is actually growing at the higher end of that estimate  —   say, around 4 percent  —   the country would be showing surprising resilience in the face of international sanctions,” Vox chirped. And then, four paragraphs in, Vox splashed a little cold water in its face and remembered which country it is talking about, admitting that North Korean quality of life is “nightmarish” and marked by “rampant food shortages,” leaving 70 percent of the population dependent on food aid and 40 percent of the people malnourished. Nevertheless, Vox persisted, gamely forging ahead with an argument that black markets and tiny     marketplaces were prodding North Korea toward a   uprising against centralized control.  Late in the article, Vox mentions that 80 percent of North Korea’s consumer goods come from China but leaves out the more pertinent fact that North Korea gets almost all of its oil from China. China and a few other friendly states indulge the illicit trade that provides Pyongyang with much of the equipment and hard currency needed for its weapons programs. That is how North Korea “survives sanctions. ”  The country’s economic system is basically a laboratory experiment in feral communist brainwashing financed by Beijing. China keeps this nightmare going because it loathes the notion of a reunified Korea allied with the United States and because it likes having a vicious attack dog snarling at the Western world and its Pacific Rim friends.  China profits a great deal by promoting itself as the only hand that can tame the Kim regime. The cost of keeping North Korea’s “economy” afloat has been reasonable until now. That   analysis is changing as Pyongyang closes in on nuclear ICBM technology, which is why Beijing seems to be dealing more sternly with the Kim regime than ever before. There is nothing more to the North Korean economic picture than this, which Vox slowly figures out by the end of its silly article, since not the faintest trace of the headline assertion that “North Korea’s economy is actually doing pretty well” remains by the final paragraph. It is actually a story about how starving and terrified North Korean citizens are trying to use a little market cooperation to survive the hideous communist economy they are trapped in. Black markets are the defiance of an economic system, not a component of it. Part of the problem here is an absurdity of scale. Four percent “growth” for a   starvation economy is nothing. That is like saying a man with ten cents in his pocket who discovers a dime on the street has doubled his financial holdings.  The low end of the growth estimate that served as the entire premise for the Vox article was one percent, which sounds more like the “totally stagnant economic backwater” Vox claims North Korea is not. Even that paltry estimate is based on the highly dubious assumption that any meaningful economic data can be extracted from the North Korean dungeon state. Communist tyrannies have a long history of manufacturing fraudulent data to make themselves look prosperous. “North Korea is doing pretty well” stories erupt almost every year, based on similarly flawed economic analyses that speculate the dungeon state’s economy might be growing a little. There was a previous boomlet of such media coverage in the summer of 2015, prompting The Diplomat to conduct a bit of debunking.  After duly noting that all economic data from North Korea is suspect and pointing out that North Korean growth stories always ignore the many negative economic events plaguing the secretive nation, The Diplomat quoted blogger Joshua Stanton explaining that North Korea really has two economies and the larger one keeps the bulk of the population in a constant state of misery: North Korea’s economy is bifurcated between the   in the provinces and the haves  —   the regime, the elites, and the donju (middle class) who are are mostly   figures who trade with and on behalf of the regime, and largely supply the elite with goods that aren’t available to most North Koreans. Although there is more overlap between these economies today than there was five years ago, these remain two distinct economies for the most part. No, North Korea’s economy is not “doing well,” and there is little solid evidence that it’s doing better than it was last year. It endures the pressure of sanctions because China constantly relieves that pressure and because murderous totalitarian regimes can absorb a great deal of economic pain with their captive populations. Even a   and dependent tyranny can afford to maintain a small ruling clique in high style. Only China can exert the type of pressure that would really hurt North Korea’s rulers.",0
16342,Rex Tillerson on Being Secretary of State: ’I Didn’t Want This Job’,"Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in an interview published Tuesday that he did not want or seek the position and only took it because his wife convinced him to do it. [“I didn’t want this job. I didn’t seek this job,” Tillerson told IJR in an interview with the sole reporter allowed to accompany him on his recent Asia trip. “My wife told me I’m supposed to do this. ”  Tillerson said he never met with President Trump before the election, but Trump asked to meet with him at Trump Tower after winning the presidential election to talk “about the world” and Tillerson’s experience as CEO of ExxonMobil. “When he asked me at the end of that conversation to be secretary of state, I was stunned,” Tillerson shared. When Tillerson told his wife about the offer, he said she responded, “I told you God’s not through with you. ” “I was supposed to retire in March, this month. I was going to go to the ranch to be with my grandkids,” Tillerson added. Tillerson stated that he serves in the role “at the pleasure of the president. ” “My wife convinced me,” he said. “She was right. I’m supposed to do this. ” Tillerson was confirmed as secretary of state in February in a   Senate vote. Reuters reported that Tillerson is skipping a NATO meeting next month to stay in the U. S. for Chinese President Xi Jinping’s meeting with the president at Trump’s    resort in Florida.",0
16343,Bombing of Doctors Without Borders Hospital in Yemen Kills at Least 15 - The New York Times,"SANA, Yemen  —   At least 15 people were killed on Monday in northern Yemen when warplanes bombed a hospital supported by Doctors Without Borders, according to hospital and local health ministry officials. The airstrike hit Abs Hospital in Yemen’s northern Hajjah Province, and three Yemeni staff members of Doctors Without Borders were among the dead, said the hospital director, Ibrahim Aram, who was reached by telephone. He said that three foreign doctors at the hospital were also wounded, and that three other staff members had limbs amputated. The bombing came two days after Saudi airstrikes killed at least 19 people, mostly children, in a residential area and a school in northern Yemen. The   coalition fighting Houthi militias has stepped up its bombing campaign in recent weeks after peace talks collapsed between the rebels who control the capital, Sana, and the largely exiled government of President Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi, which is backed by the coalition and by Western powers. Ayman Ahmed Mathkoor, the health director for Hajjah Province, said the airstrike on Monday had destroyed the emergency department of Abs Hospital, killing 15 people and wounding 20. In a news release on Monday afternoon, Doctors Without Borders  —   often known by its French name, Médecins Sans Frontières  —   said that at least 11 people, including a member of the organization’s staff, had been killed in the attack on the hospital, and 19 wounded. Nine people were killed immediately, and two more died while being moved to another hospital, according to the news release. Mr. Aram said he was unsure how many patients had died. Hospitals in Yemen supported by Doctors Without Borders have been hit by coalition airstrikes at least four times in the country’s   war. Saudi officials have insisted that they have struck only at military targets, and have accused the Houthis of using civilian facilities to carry out attacks against the government and its coalition partners. Ban   the United Nations secretary general, condemned the attack in a statement, emphasizing that antagonists in the Yemen conflict had damaged or destroyed more than 70 health facilities since the hostilities began 17 months ago. Ibrahim Jafari, a health ministry official who went to the hospital on Monday, said the emergency room had been full of patients when it was hit. Many of the victims were badly burned, he said, and body parts were scattered around the site. Mr. Jafari said there were no military forces near the hospital. The nearest military activity involving the Houthi militias was more than 35 miles away, he said. Amnesty International in the United States condemned the attack, and an Amnesty official said in a statement that the targeting of medical facilities could constitute “a serious violation of international humanitarian law, which would amount to a war crime. ” Mr. Aram, the hospital director, said the three Doctors Without Borders staff members who were killed were a guard, a logistician and an electrician. In addition, another guard, an   technician and a nurse had limbs amputated because of their wounds, he said, adding that the three foreign doctors had relatively minor injuries. “Today’s airstrike appears to be the latest in a string of unlawful attacks targeting hospitals, highlighting an alarming pattern of disregard for civilian life,” said Magdalena Mughrabi, an Amnesty official. Other hospitals supported by Doctors Without Borders that are known to have been hit in Saudi strikes include Shiara Hospital in Razeh, in Sada Province, struck on Jan. 10 Taiz Hospital in the city of Taiz, struck on Dec. 2 and Haydan Hospital in Haydan, Sada Province, struck on Oct. 26, according to statements from the aid organization as well as government health officials. Mr. Aram said that Doctors Without Borders had not begun supporting Abs Hospital until it was assured that the Saudi coalition was aware of the hospital’s geographical coordinates, in line with the organization’s longstanding policy for hospitals in war zones. Maj. Gen. Ahmed Asseri, the spokesman for the   coalition, said a statement about the airstrike would be issued. Efforts to reach spokesmen for the Yemeni government supported by the Saudi coalition were unsuccessful.",0
16344,Impeachment-era evidence against Bill Clinton still sealed,"Impeachment-era evidence against Bill Clinton still sealed 60,000 pages stored in 'locked, guarded room' Published: 23 mins ago 
(DAILYCALLER) — Tens of thousands of pages detailing the case for impeachment against former President Bill Clinton have remained locked away from the public for almost 20 years. 
Although many believe that the report issued by then Independent Counsel Ken Starr revealed the final findings of his investigation of Clinton in the late 1990’s, around 60,000 pages of documents seen by only a few people describe the House Judiciary Committee’s case against the 42nd president. 
House Judiciary Committee Chairman Henry Hyde hired Chicago attorney and Democrat David Schippers to be the Chief Investigative Counsel to help prosecute the committee’s case against Clinton. Schippers described to American Family Radio’s Sandy Rios Friday how the evidence against Clinton was stored and studied by Congress at the time.",0
16345,Obama Tells Black Voters Trump Would 'Tolerate' KKK Support In Office,President Obama has stooped to new lows in his increasingly forceful pleas for voters to go to the polls for enthusiasm gap-challenged Hillary Clinton.  ,0
16346,Google Just Disclosed A Major Windows Bug — And Microsoft Isn’t Happy,"in: Science & Technology (The Verge) Today, Google’s Threat Analysis group disclosed a critical vulnerability in Windows in a public post on the company’s security blog. The bug itself is very specific — allowing attackers to escape from security sandboxes through a flaw in the win32k system — but it’s serious enough to be categorized as critical, and according to Google, it’s being actively exploited. As a result, Google went public just 10 days after reporting the bug to Microsoft, before a patch could be coded and deployed. The result is that, while Google has already deployed a fix to protect Chrome users, Windows itself is still vulnerable — and now, everybody knows it. Google’s disclosure provides only a general description of the bug, giving users enough information to recognize a possible attack without making it too easy for criminals to replicate. Exploiting the bug also depends on a separate exploit in Adobe Flash, for which the company has also released a patch. Still, simply knowing that the bug exists will likely spur a lot of criminals to look for viable ways to exploit it against computers that have yet to update Flash.",0
16347,Trump’s Closing Argument, ,0
16348,Hillary Endorsed Donald Trump for President According to Wikileaks,"
“I endorse Donald Trump”- I am Hillary Clinton and I Approve this messageary
Here’s Gary Franchi as he reports that that before running against billionaire real estate mogul Donald Trump for the presidency, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told an audience at a private, paid speech she wanted to see more successful businessmen and women run for office because they can’t be bought.
AMAZINGLY, SHE SAID DONALD TRUMP WOULD BE AN EXCELLENT PRESIDENT!!!
 

 
P lease Donate to The Common Sense Show 
 
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 

 

This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information.
 


Click here for more information 
 
The sane alternative to Facebook 
Seen.Life-The Facebook alternative- no censorship, no spying– Sign up here 
",0
16350,World War 3 PUTIN is the TRAITOR of the,"November 2, 2016 at 12:35 am 
What the narrator failed to mention was that it is God who is in control of all things. It is God who will put the hook in the jaw of the mouth of the Russian President to war with other nations. So, we shall see what it is that God will do next; man has no choice in the matter, unless of course, the man is one of God's anointed.Thanks much and May God Bless﻿",0
16351,Hate Crime Is Feared as 2 Indian Engineers Are Shot in Kansas - The New York Times,"OLATHE, Kan.  —   “The Jameson guys,” as some on the staff at Austins Bar and Grill knew the pair, were on the patio on Wednesday evening. It was hardly unusual: Srinivas Kuchibhotla and Alok Madasani, two immigrants from India, often enjoyed an   whiskey at the bar they had adopted as a hangout. Adam W. Purinton was also there, tossing ethnic slurs at the two men and suggesting they did not belong in the United States, other customers said. Patrons complained, and Mr. Purinton was thrown out. But a short time later, he came back in a rage and fired on the two men, the authorities said. Mr. Kuchibhotla was killed, and Mr. Madasani was wounded, along with a    man who had tried to apprehend the gunman, who fled. Mr. Purinton, 51, was extradited to Kansas from Missouri on Friday, and he is charged with premeditated   murder and two counts of attempted premeditated   murder. The attack, which the federal and local authorities are investigating as a possible hate crime, reverberated far beyond both states. It raised new alarms about a climate of hostility toward foreigners in the United States, where President Trump has made clamping down on immigration a central plank of his “America first” agenda. The White House strongly rejected the notion that there might be any connection between the shooting and the new administration’s sharp language about immigration. “People are devastated,” said Somil Chandwani, a friend of the two victims who lives in Overland Park, Kan. “I wouldn’t say they are angry. They have a sense of insecurity at the moment. People are trying to find answers. ” A charging document released on Friday gave no details about the motive for the shooting. Law enforcement officials in Kansas, citing the continuing investigation and judicial ethics standards, said little about the episode. Still, the F. B. I. ’s role in the inquiry suggested that officials had found some evidence that could eventually lead to civil rights charges in connection with the shooting, which occurred around 7:15 p. m. Wednesday. “He snapped, and this is not his typical self,” the suspect’s mother, Marsha Purinton, said before declining further comment. In a brief phone interview on Friday night, Mr. Madasani described the remarks made Wednesday by the man sitting near him and Mr. Kuchibhotla at the restaurant. “He asked us what visa are we currently on and whether we are staying here illegally,” Mr. Madasani said. (Both men were educated in the United States and were working here legally.) “We didn’t react,” Mr. Madasani said. “People do stupid things all the time. This guy took it to the next level. ” Mr. Madasani said he went in to get a manager, and by the time he returned to the patio, the man was being escorted out. After Mr. Purinton was thrown out, Jeremy Luby, 41, a software developer, said he offered to pick up the tab for the two men, who thanked him during a brief conversation about work and cultural differences. “It was wrong what happened to them,” Mr. Luby said. “I thought it was a nice gesture to say, ‘I’m sorry someone was being rude to you like that. ’” After the shooting began, another patron, Ian Grillot, 24, said he tried to count the shots while he hid under a table. Thinking the gunman had run out of ammunition, Mr. Grillot said, he confronted him, only to be shot in the hand and the chest. “It wasn’t right, and I didn’t want the gentleman to potentially go after somebody else,” Mr. Grillot said in a video released by the hospital where he received treatment. “He did it once. What would stop him from doing it again?” The shots echoed around the area, and Chris Lacross soon emerged from a store a few doors down to an unimaginable scene: an emergency medical technician performing CPR on a man lying in the doorway of the bar’s front patio, where tables and chairs had been flipped over, and someone was shouting that they needed towels. Another man took off his shirt and applied pressure to the wound of another victim, who was writhing in pain, said Mr. Lacross, who allowed some people to use a store restroom to wash away spattered blood. Within minutes, an emergency dispatcher, in a transmission archived by the Broadcastify website, told officers, “We’re being advised the suspect’s name is Adam, and he’s a white male wearing a white shirt with military medals. ” Capt. Sonny Lynch, the deputy chief of police in Clinton, Mo. where Mr. Purinton was arrested at an Applebee’s restaurant, said a bartender there called the police after a customer confessed to his involvement in a shooting hours earlier. “He was talking to her  —   ‘I’m on the run I’m hiding out from the law’  —   so she stuck around,” Captain Lynch said of the bartender. “She just hung out there talking to the guy until he said, ‘I shot those guys, and that’s why I’m hiding out from the police. ’” Mr. Purinton was arrested without incident, Captain Lynch said, and invoked his constitutional rights. It was not clear whether he had a lawyer. Mr. Purinton spent time in the Navy and, according to a website where veterans can list their military records, was deployed aboard the Long Beach, a missile cruiser, from 1988 to 1990. He later worked for the Federal Aviation Administration but left the agency in 2000, a spokeswoman said. In Johnson County, Kan. at least, he has had few   with law enforcement. Court records showed a limited history: a speeding ticket in 2008, as well as a 1999   charge that was dismissed. A neighbor, Lisa Puckett, said that Mr. Purinton was frequently intoxicated but that news of a shooting was stunning. “We always wondered if he might hurt himself, but we didn’t think he would hurt someone else,” she said. The dead man, Mr. Kuchibhotla, worked for Garmin, a GPS navigation and communications device company. One of the wounded men, Mr. Madasani, like Mr. Kuchibhotla in his early 30s, also worked for Garmin, according to the Indian government. On Friday, counselors were at the company’s campus in Olathe, a hub of South Asian immigrants where 84 languages are spoken in the local school district. Speaking to reporters on Friday at the Garmin headquarters, Mr. Kuchibhotla’s widow, Sunayana Dumala, said she had long been worried by shootings she read about in the newspaper. “I, especially, I was always concerned, are we doing the right thing of staying in the United States of America?” she said. “But he always assured me that only good things happen to good people. ” Now, Ms. Dumala said, she needed “an answer from the government” about what “they’re going to do to stop this hate crime. ” Mr. Madasani’s father, Jagan Mohan Reddy, a government engineer in Hyderabad, India, said his family was in shock. He said he did not know whether he would ask Mr. Madasani, who received a graduate degree from the University of   City, and another son living in the United States to leave the country. “We have to think it over,” he said. “My sons are not new to America. They have been staying there for the last 10 to 12 years. This is a new situation, and they are the best judges. ” Mr. Madasani, who has been released from the hospital, said he was recovering physically and mentally. “I’m definitely doing much better, but it’s not over yet,” he said. On Friday, Mr. Kuchibhotla’s killing and the wounding of Mr. Madasani led to a chorus of fury in India, where the attack dominated the news media to such an extent that the top American diplomat in the country was compelled to issue a statement condemning what she described as a “tragic and senseless act. ” In Washington, the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, rejected any link between Mr. Trump’s policy agenda and the shooting, which many Indians believed might have been inspired by the president’s harsh tone on immigration. The Justice Department is under pressure to bring federal charges in the case. Moussa Elbayoumy, the board chairman for the Kansas chapter of the Council on   Relations, said the government should “consider filing hate crime charges in order to send a strong message that violence targeting religious or ethnic minorities will not be tolerated. ” On Friday night, a diverse crowd of more than 400 gathered to grieve at First Baptist Church down the street from the bar. They offered their prayers to the Kuchibhotlas and the Madasanis, characterized the shooting as an anomaly in an otherwise peaceful, tolerant suburb and vowed they would not let that change. “As a community, we are still shocked, devastated, and angry,”  Mayor Michael Copeland said. “But this is not how this ends. This is not our Olathe. ” He added, “One evil act does not divide a united community. ” Mr. Purinton was scheduled to appear in court on Monday. Austins, meanwhile, planned to reopen on Saturday.",0
16352,Israeli Minister Miri Regev: ‘Thank God’ Obama Is Leaving Office,"The Jerusalem Post reports: Culture and Sport Minister Miri Regev has made public her pleasure that US President Barack Obama is soon leaving office. [In an interview with Army Radio on Sunday, Regev said “thank God that Obama is finishing his term. ”  “In Obama’s world view we have moved closer to peace, but during his term we have just gotten further from it,” she said, adding that “there have been more and more terror attacks in Berlin, Orlando and yesterday in Turkey, what does any of this have to do with the [Israeli] settlements?” Read more here.",0
16353,Homeless Woman Protects Trump’s Walk of Fame Star From Violent Leftists,"Homeless Woman Protects Trump’s Walk of Fame Star From Violent Leftists ""I'm gonna stay here and watch this, and make sure nobody touches it."" Chris Menahan | Information Liberation - October 28, 2016 Comments 
Powerful video shows a homeless woman protecting Donald Trump’s Walk of Fame Star after it was smashed by a criminal leftist. 
As The Gateway Pundit reports , the woman was seen holding up a sign reading: “20 Million Illegals and Americans Sleep on the Streets in Tents. Vote Trump.” 
It was repaired on the same day. 
The day after, this homeless Trump supporter went to protect it. 
“I’m gonna stay here and watch this, and make sure nobody touches it,” she was heard saying. Homeless Trump supporter guards @realDonaldTrump 's star on Hollywood Blvd. against all SJWs #BasedSentinel #MAGA3X https://t.co/BjGcFO0du5 ? pic.twitter.com/nrMqnbW5UK 
— PeterDuke MAGA3X🇺🇸 (@peterdukephoto) October 27, 2016 
Video shared on Periscope shows hordes of disgusting leftists insult and attack the woman for supporting Trump. 
In this short video posted to YouTube, one angry black man is seen screaming in her face and asking her: “Do you know your federal government is not even party of the f***ing government?” 
“Do you know that?” he asks. “No, I didn’t think so,” he says. 
“Hello,” another woman in the crowd shouts in agreement. “Open your eyes,” she says. 
In case anyone is not aware, the federal government is part of the government. 
While Hillary Clinton wants to bring in millions of foreigners to take jobs and welfare from the poorest of Americans, Donald Trump wants to help our own and put the needs of Americans first. NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars Crew. Related Articles",0
16354,U.S. Election Thread 2016-06,"This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been posted. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. 
As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments.",0
16355,"DELINGPOLE: NASA to Stop Shilling for Big Green, Restart Exploring Space...","“And would sir like a regular or large fries, with that? And how about a McFlurry? ”[I do hope that Gavin “Toast” Schmidt, the head of NASA’s Goddard Institute of Space Studies (GISS) followed the advice I gave him a few months back. Because it now looks very much as if he and many of his colleagues are about to face exciting new job opportunities, hopefully in areas best suited to their talents, such as the challenging world of   retail.  Yes, as we predicted, NASA is going to be stripped of the two main roles it enjoyed under the Obama administration  —   Muslim outreach and green propaganda  —   and return to its original day (and night) job as an agency dedicated to space exploration. The U. S. Senate passed legislation recently cutting funding for NASA’s global warming research. The House is expected to pass the bill, and President Trump will likely sign it. Supporters say it “ ” NASA’s budget back toward space exploration and away from global warming and earth science research. Republicans plan to end the more than $2 billion NASA spends on its Earth Science Mission Directorate. “By rebalancing, I’d like for more funds to go into space exploration we’re not going to zero out earth sciences,” Texas Republican Rep. Lamar Smith, who chairs the House Committee on Science, Space and Technology, told EE News. “I’d like for us to remember what our priorities are, and there are another dozen agencies that study earth science and climate change, and they can continue to do that. ” Before we shed too many tears for the plight of Gavin Schmidt and the rest of his global warming research team, though, let’s just pause to reflect on how much damage they have done to the cause of honest science over the years and what   vast quantities of our money they have wasted. A good place to start is this excellent piece by Steve Goddard, entitled The Pause Is Real: NASA Temperatures Aren’t. Here is the damning chart that says it all: How did a supposedly respectable government agency get away with such blatant fraud? Well, one answer is that it was encouraged to do so by the US government which paid its Earth Science research division $2 billion a year, while giving only $781. 5 million and $826. 7 million to its astrophysics and space technology divisions. Obama wanted “global warming” to be real and dangerous: and  —   lo!  —   thanks to the magic of his crack prestidigitators at NASA, NOAA and the rest, it was. But the longer answer is that this is what happens when green ideologues are allowed to infiltrate and hijack government institutions. As we’ve reported before, NASA has been caught out fiddling temperature data on “an unbelievable scale”. So too has NOAA. That’s because their global warming departments are mostly run by true believers  —   scientists who want to show the world that global warming is a major threat in urgent need of more grant funding, regardless of what the actual temperature data shows. Hence the many, many adjustments. This has done tremendous damage not just in the US but across the world because it has enabled green propagandists to point at the dodgy adjusted data from NASA and NOAA and claim: “The Experts say  …    ” Now, thanks to Donald Trump, that fraud is about to come to a sudden and painful end. It never ceases to amaze and nauseate me that more people, especially on the right, aren’t more grateful for what is being done here. While mainstream media commentators on both left and right bloviate about Trump’s style (clearly they prefer Obama’s empty rhetoric) and stoke up fake news stories about Russian plots, Trump is busily getting on with one of the most valuable and important missions ever conducted by a US president: he is putting an end to the biggest and most expensive scientific scam in history. Oh, and he is also working wonders for property rights and business by rescinding such damaging regulations as the Waters Of The US and the Climate Action Plan. A source briefed on the matter told The Washington Post one of the orders “will instruct the Environmental Protection Agency to begin rewriting the 2015 regulation that limits   emissions from existing electric utilities” and order “the Interior Department’s Bureau of Land Management (BLM) to lift a moratorium on federal coal leasing. ” Trump will issue a second order instructing the EPA and U. S. Army Corps of Engineers to rewrite the “Waters of the U. S. ” (WOTUS) rule that expanded federal control over rivers, streams and wetlands  —   even those on private property. If ever a swamp needed draining, it’s the swamp of the $1. 5 trillion environmental scam. This could have gone on for ever and ever. Our grandchildren ought to be properly grateful to President Trump that it didn’t.",0
16356,Podesta Goes Crazy Live On CNN Over New FBI Hillary Investigation,"Podesta Goes Crazy Live On CNN Over New FBI Hillary Investigation # Isotrop 0 
This is hilarious. John Podesta gets crazy on CNN news anchor when asked about the new Hillary investigation by the FBI. Tags",0
16357,It’s Official: California Becomes First U.S. State To Ban Plastic Bags,"By Amanda Froelich 25 million single-use plastic bags are discarded every day in California. This new law aims to benefit the environment and all wildlife. In July of 2015, Hawaii made headlines... ",0
16358,Hillary Clinton Clinches the Nomination. Will Bernie Sanders Fight On? - The New York Times,"Democrats will vote in six states on Tuesday, just hours after Hillary Clinton secured enough superdelegates, according to a survey by The Associated Press, to make her the party’s presumptive presidential nominee. But the focus will be on just one of those states: California, the nation’s most populous state and a liberal stronghold, where Senator Bernie Sanders is hoping to seize a victory to make the case for staying in the race until the party’s convention in July. The question of the day is not whether Mrs. Clinton will declare victory, but in what terms, and how she will begin to frame the general election race against Donald J. Trump, the Republican Party’s presumptive nominee. But there will also be something to watch on the Republican side, as Mr. Trump is expected to hold a news conference in New York to mark the end of primary season. He has been heavily criticized  —   including by many in his own party  —   for his attacks on a federal judge’s Mexican heritage, and he faces questions about how he will respond. Voting will also take place on Tuesday in Montana, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Dakota and South Dakota. Here are a few of the dynamics we’ll be watching: In her speech Tuesday night, Mrs. Clinton will become the first woman to claim victory in a major party’s presidential nominating fight. She has intermittently emphasized the historic nature of her candidacy, and it may work to her benefit to stress that theme amid Mr. Trump’s continuing struggles with female voters. But Mrs. Clinton also has a broader choice to make, about how to position herself in one of the   moments of her campaign: Will she move to calm Sanders supporters and consolidate support on the left, or reach out to moderates and Republicans who may be wary of Mr. Trump? Will she go after Mr. Trump in hard language, or focus on sketching a positive rationale for her own election? Her choices Tuesday night could set the shape of the race between now and the conventions in July. The slim path available to Mr. Sanders narrowed even further Monday evening with the news report that Mrs. Clinton had crossed the   threshold through support from party leaders. In order to press forward, Mr. Sanders is in dire need of an upset win in California. By taking the nation’s most populous state, his supporters hope, Mr. Sanders could claim a mandate to keep fighting all the way to the convention in Philadelphia. He is likely to face intensifying pressure from Democrats  —   including the White House  —   to get out of Mrs. Clinton’s way. But Mr. Sanders has never been a creature of the Democratic Party. His natural mode is defiance. As Mrs. Clinton aims to rally Democrats, it is in Mr. Sanders’s power to make that process easy or acutely uncomfortable. His reaction to Tuesday’s results may signal which path he intends to take. Mrs. Clinton is favored to win the primary in New Jersey and has a narrower lead over Mr. Sanders in California polls. She is poised to secure her party’s nomination regardless of what happens in each state, but sweeping both would lend her candidacy an especially formidable air at the start of the campaign against Mr. Trump. Capturing California, one of the most racially diverse states, would hand Mrs. Clinton a useful symbolic victory as she prepares to compete with a Republican whose support has come overwhelmingly from whites. Republican concern about Mr. Trump is approaching a high: His last remaining primary challengers dropped out of the race more than a month ago, but the real estate developer has done little in that time to gird himself for a contest with Mrs. Clinton. Over the last week, Mr. Trump has inflicted more damage to his candidacy than Senator Ted Cruz or Gov. John R. Kasich ever did. He has struggled to answer newly detailed and troubling allegations that his defunct educational company, Trump University, committed fraud, and he has repeatedly criticized a federal judge who is hearing a   lawsuit against him, accusing the judge, who is of Mexican descent, of having a conflict of interest. It will take a firm performance by Mr. Trump on the podium in Westchester County on Tuesday night to reassure Republicans that he is up to the job of fighting Mrs. Clinton. Another undisciplined and combative outing could raise the party’s anxiety to the level of panic. President Obama has appeared eager, even impatient, to take part in the campaign, and he has already gone after Mr. Trump repeatedly. But Mr. Obama has been somewhat constrained so far by the Democratic primaries. While he has been critical of Republicans, he has not yet made a   case for Mrs. Clinton as a better alternative. The White House has indicated that may change this week, once Mrs. Clinton has the Democratic nomination in hand. A presidential endorsement would be seen by many Democrats as a signal to Mr. Sanders that it’s time for him to leave the race. And Mr. Obama, who has long been adept at belittling Mr. Trump, could be an effective advocate for Mrs. Clinton as she seeks to energize the Democratic coalition and set the terms of debate against an unpredictable opponent.",0
16359,Why Are Russia and China Buying Up All of America’s Food? Paul Martin and Dave Hodges,"Previous Why Are Russia and China Buying Up All of America’s Food? Paul Martin and Dave Hodges 
The Port of New Orleans is quickly running out of food. The Russians and the Chinese are buying up a good portion of America’s grain and food. Inside sources are saying that China is preparing to buy up all beef. What is behind these actions. Could it have anything to do with an impending War between China and Russia and the United States. 
The threat is greater than one can imagine. The details are in the following video.",0
16360,BRICS do not lack mortar: What detractors should know | Russia & India Report,"brics , geopolitics , cooperation BRICS leaders at the summit in Goa. Source:Kremlin.ru 
A lot of people want to see the BRICS fail. Western nations, in particular the United States and Britain, are prime suspects. However, there are plenty of unwitting commentators in the emerging world who are playing into the West’s hands. Each year, as the BRICS summit draws near, the cacophony from these haters grows louder. Questions about the viability and relevance of the BRICS are raised in the media. 
During the build-up to the Goa summit this year, the refrain was similar but with the background buzz that the India-China rift over Pakistan-backed terrorism would derail the summit. However, the predicted outcome of an implosion didn’t materialise and, on the contrary, with India and Russia inking the S-400 missile deal , Goa 2016 turned out to be a memorable event. 
Since many innocent readers may have been misinformed by the compromised commentators – who will certainly be back like a bounced cheque next year – here’s a ready reckoner on the BRICS group. So the next time you hear remarks that the BRICS are collapsing, don’t lose sleep over the issue. World needs BRICS 
Most of the global multilateral institutions that exist today are no longer relevant. The IMF and the World Bank, for instance, were founded during the closing years of World War II. In geopolitical time, that’s ancient history. Similarly, the G-7 appears to be on life support and the OECD (Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development) is no longer a leading organisation. 
Russia, China and India must play a leading role in greater Eurasia 
With the western economies perched on monetary and budgetary cliffs, the five BRICS members provide a stable alternate force that offsets the West’s decline. Both China and India continue to experience high economic growth and are on course to become mega economies that will completely dwarf the West in the coming decades. Beijing’s growth may have fallen under 7 per cent but that’s enough to add the equivalent of Holland’s national income to the Chinese GDP. 
Bottom line: without the BRICS, the world economy will experience 1929 all over again. BRICS slowdown, not a meltdown 
Uday Kotak, executive vice-president of Kotak Mahindra Bank, feels India should quit the BRICS coalition because of the slowdown in four of the five economies. His view has been echoed by several so-called experts. But curiously, have you ever heard any economist or banker say the OECD must disband because it has basket cases such as Greece or terror exporters such as Turkey? 
According to the US-based Centre on Global Interests , “You can look at the BRICS from the financial market's point of view, or from a geopolitical point of view. But whichever lens you view it through, what you see is the same: despite economic slowdowns and even economic hardship in some nations, these are far and away the most powerful countries outside of the developed core. Their economies have scale. Their decisions can move financial markets. They have intellectual capital and clout within their regions. And in terms of foreign policy, they are the counterweight to a unipolar world run largely by Washington and its friends in London and Brussels.” 
It adds: “In both of these regards – economics and foreign policy – the BRICS are alive and kicking. In fact, they are more relevant today than they were in November 2001, when Jim O'Neill grouped them into the strange bedfellows that they have become.” Bilaterals can’t bring down the BRICS 
If the UN fails to discuss relevant political issues, the international body is considered a failure. But BRICS is not a platform that was created for discussing politics. The primary role of the five-member group is to remove the West’s grip from the levers that control the world economy. By establishing their own New Development Bank, the BRICS have ensured that the IMF is no longer the world’s lender-of-last-resort. 
In this backdrop, fears that bilateral issues involving India and China will wreck summits have consistently proved to be baseless. 
It’s time for BRICS to go on political overdrive 
Take Goa 2016. While the Goa Declaration mentions terror, the focus of the summit was not terrorism at all. Sure, Prime Minister Narendra Modi took a shot at Pakistan, describing it as the “mothership of terrorism”, and China defended its ally by saying it had made “great sacrifices”. But both New Delhi and Beijing were merely playing to their respective galleries even as the real summitry was happening behind closed doors. 
To be sure, politics can be tabled if it’s a side dish – like Syria was a couple of years ago – but issues with the potential to derail the summit simply have no place in BRICS. 
Critics of the BRICS often point to the India-China border issue as evidence of serious problems. But this misses the point. There always will be different opinions and views among the BRICS countries – just like there are differences among NATO or European Union members. BRICS are not united but it doesn’t matter 
Unlike NATO or the European Union, where the member countries have more or less the same goals and are also of the same racial stock, each of the BRICS countries is different. However, their membership of BRICS gives them a common goal – development. As emerging countries, they are focussed on raising their standards of living. 
The fact that they are united as a group, despite such stark differences in national goals, opinions and geopolitical rivalries and even outright hostilities, points to the viability of the BRICS. Facebook ",0
16361,Why Hillary Clinton Will Appoint Old World Nationalists to Cabinet Positions,"Posted on November 5, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 
By George Eliason, an American journalist living in Ukraine. 
Whether you are for Hillary Clinton or against her, the problem with Hillary Clinton isn’t her lack of experience. Almost the entire political establishment is behind her. Throughout all the bumps and scandal in this whole election cycle, Republicans and former presidents are coming out of the woodwork supporting her. According to the LA Times she may well be one of the most experienced candidates in US history, while even accounting for severe conflicts of interest inside the Clinton Foundation. Neither friend or foe doubt Hillary Clinton’s experience after 30 years in politics. 
The problem is even Hillary Clinton’s friends say she has a history of acting without thinking, of making bad decisions. According to Neera Tanden : “Almost no one knows better than me that her instincts can be terrible.” 
Does Hillary Clinton show bad instincts and terrible decision-making skills, and if she does, how will this affect the USA? 
According to journalist Robert Parry “the people that will be taking senior positions and especially in foreign policy believe “This consensus is driven by a broad-based backlash against a president who has repeatedly stressed the dangers of overreach and the need for restraint, especially in the Middle East… Taken together, the studies and reports call for more aggressive American action to constrain Iran, rein in the chaos in the Middle East and check Russia in Europe.”One of the lead organizations revving up these military adventures and also counting on a big boost in military spending under President Clinton-45 is the Atlantic Council, a think tank associated with NATO that has been pushing for a major confrontation with nuclear-armed Russia.” 
The Atlantic Council is the think tank for the CEEC which is associated with NATO. The CEEC (Central and Eastern European Coalition) has only one goal. At the beginning of the presidential campaign they put out a small list of questions for the candidates to decide who they would support for the president. 
The first question was essentially “Are you willing to go to war with Russia?” Hillary Clinton has answered that question and received their unqualified support throughout the campaign. Who is the CEEC? 
The Central and Eastern European Coalition represent the various Central and Eastern European countries to the US government. What makes them special in an election is that they control a 20 million person strong bloc vote in key states across the country and sway elections by themselves. The price of a Clinton win is war with Russia. 
If that seems a little too much to be believable, reconsider the Iraq war. All it took was for the Iraqi diaspora to develop strong ties with like-minded people from “The Project for the New American Century” that wanted regime change in Iraq. Many of the people associated with the PNAC crossed over into the Bush administration . They pushed the invasion together. 
“ Walt Vanderbush’s essay, “The Iraqi Diaspora and the US Invasion of Iraq” (chapter 9), traces the collaboration between leaders of the Iraqi diaspora and neoconservative Americans, many of them linked to the Iraqi National Congress (INC) and the Project for the New American Century (PNAC), to convince the US government to wage war and bring about “regime change” in Iraq… The INC claimed credit for placing 108 articles in the news media, including the New York Times, the Washington Post, and the Times (of London), during a nine-month period before the war.” 
It wasn’t terror, Osama, or even oil that the Iraq war was fought for. It was a guy named Ahmed Chalabi who was the only victor of the Iraq war. 
American-emigre groups use their strategically settled populations in key battleground states, deep pockets, and unbridled political ambition to gain control over their home “old” countries. Even more insidious is the influence they exert over the United States to destroy old enemies. 
Do we want senior cabinet and policy positions filled by people that think starting WWIII is a good goal? Let’s take a look at the make-up and politics of some of these. 
Starting at the top let’s look at the Ukrainian emigres which lead the CEEC and the Atlantic Council. One thing anyone represented by the UCCA (Ukrainian Congressional Committee of America) or the UWC (Ukrainian World Congress) has in common is Axis-political heritage and beliefs. The OUN is the political grouping of Ukrainian nationalists and it would vote for Adolf Hitler if he was running in a heartbeat. 
Unless real Nazi political views (not neo-nazi) found a way to survive all these years with this group of people, the statement is just insulting. Anyone reading should be insulted because that level of offensiveness in a politically charged environment is wrong. 
Nazism or Axis-Nazism are political beliefs and principles that structure your government the same as Republican or Democratic control would. The only difference is the “ism.” The “ism” means everything you do in your life revolves around your politic so it’s not just political or social guides or guidelines. It’s your lifestyle and everything wraps around it. Anything or anyone that goes against it is an enemy of the state, and it is personal. 
From their own words in the Ukrainian Weekly, real, active political Nazi’s are alive, kickin’ and ready for a Clinton win! It is the sheer number of groups self-identifying as practicing real Nazi beliefs in the US gaining policy and cabinet positions under a Clinton win that is incredible. 
The Ukrainian World Congress with its affiliates in over 40 countries and others work tirelessly in trying to keep Ukraine and the Ukrainian spirit front and center. 
“We have had a minister of finance, Natalka Jaresko, in the Cabinet. We now have Ulana Suprun as acting minister of health. We have many from the diaspora assisting with strategizing, reforming and supporting the overall cause. We have a highly successful program in Patriot Defence. We are out to change the way business is done. 
Unity to act when required has been the diaspora’s mantra – this cannot be disputed. 
As time moves on, we see that things take a natural course. We see that two wings of the OUN – (OUNb)Banderivtsi and (OUNm)Melnykivtsi – are working actively on the international level, working in partnership and currently are in strong negotiations about becoming a single entity again.” 
With all you’ve heard about Stepan Bandera’s OUN since the Maidan coup in Ukraine, I’ll bet you didn’t know they call New York, Chicago, Boston, and Philadelphia home. 
The UCCA and the UWC still celebrate their Nazi SS because they are still Axis-nazis. The OUN were the vile Holocaust murderers during and after WWII and their politics live on in their children today. This is no different from the children of other Waffen-SS leaders or if Hitler had surviving children that stood up and ran other countries based in Hitler’s policy. These American kids are sent to Ukraine to learn how to copy and act like Stepan Bandera before they come back to America and get involved in policy making. 
“ OUNb leader Ivan Kobasa also took responsibility of making sure the Ukrainian-Americans received the proper secondary education at Ukrainian nationalist schools(MAUP) in Ukraine. From the mid-2000’s enrollment in this educational system has skyrocketed. Today almost all members of the current Ukrainian government are graduates of this ideological system that was taught to them by moderates like David Duke who is also a graduate of the MAUP system.” 
While American media criticizes David Duke’s support for Donald Trump, they say nothing about Hillary’s strongest supporters hiring David Duke as a professor to teach their children college level history. Is Hillary Clinton too far right for David Duke? After all, he has no plans to conquer Russia. 
When you look at her campaign coffers and the most active political activists supporting Hillary Clinton, many are groups whose politics are not republican or democrat, but old-world nationalist. They are spread across America and still idolize their Waffen SS heroes, literally. They have statues and holidays and children’s groups across America in cities like New York, Boston, Philadelphia, and Chicago celebrating some of the vilest mass murderers in history. And they teach their children to idolize them and grow up using them as role models. They also bring up their children in the same political mold of ultra-nationalism. 
Now they want an America that will do the same. Over the last 30 years, the old world nationalists have moved into media and policy positions to make this happen. If that wasn’t enough they control a 20 million person bloc vote in key states and swing states in important cities across America. 
I am not using the word nazi as an insult, this isn’t neo-nazi or even a nazi revival. These groups have been the most extreme political activists in the USA over the last 50 years and are a continuation of what their parents were in the 1930’s. In their own words, they never assimilated into American culture. They assimilated the culture to them. In the words of the CIA, they are political animals. Today, their wagons are circled around a Hillary Clinton presidency. 
The OUN were the guards at the Holocaust prison camps, Waffen SS, and volunteer brigades that were famous for torture and murder. In Ukraine, they killed over 3 million people and conducted the first act of Holocaust at Babi Yar. 
The funny part if there was one is that with every fiber of your being, you want to argue against these facts. The OUN on the other hand featured at least one of my articles on their rise in American politics even though I called them devils. The fact they find me credible shouldn’t get lost on you. 
When these good friends of Hillary Clinton from the CEEC start getting tapped for advisory posts, and cabinet positions through the Atlantic Council or Project for a new American Century, will they automatically become Democrats or Republicans? 
Does America want a war with Russia so the losers of WWII can settle old scores? 
For the first time, under a Clinton presidency, America will have unbridled Axis-nazis/old world nationalists/ nazis in most of the cabinet and policy positions. They are getting the positions because they are delivering donations, bloc votes, political propaganda, and hard activism in battleground states. 
The results for the Clinton campaign in emigre dominated states is the same as it was when they first got together. Clinton is up by 11 points in important emigre bloc voting districts. 
…In last month’s heavily publicized Pennsylvania Senate race. Ukrainian and Baltic groups, protesting the administration’s attempts to prevent the break-up of the USSR, supported the Democratic candidate, Harris Wofford. This position contributed to the defeat of Dick Thornburgh, a former attorney general in the Bush administration….”The Ukrainian Weekly, December 8, 1991, No. 49, Vol. LIX 
In a Ukraine Weekly interview with candidate Bill Clinton-“For the last 40 years, many Ukrainians have been supporters of the Republican Party. However, Mr. Bush severely damaged his relations with Ukrainians with his “Chicken Kiev” speech, and by his unwillingness to see Ukraine’s point of view in disputes with Russia. How will your party seek to secure the goodwill of voters concerned by this issue?” … 
Clinton’s answer…“The Bush administration has had a spotty record abroad…including the president’s insulting warning against “suicidal nationalism” made before proindependence forces in Kiev in the summer of 1991 — and a failed economic record at home. We hope Ukrainian Americans will join our effort to put people first.” – Interview with Candidate Bill Clinton-Ukrainian Weekly Issue 43, 1992 
In what has become the ultimate pay to play scheme, the Clinton’s gave over Ukraine to OUNb nationalists to run as they saw fit. This was payment for political support and bloc votes that won the 1992 elections for Bill Clinton. American citizens were given a country to run and represent in any manner they chose to do it. 
According to Ukrainian nationalist scholar Taras Kuzio , the Axis- nazi political beliefs started to be taught to children in Ukraine after the OUNb took the reins. This was the preparation for what would become a nationalist coup in 2014 Ukraine. 
This pattern follows the Clinton-NATO expansion and every CEE (Central and Eastern European) country freed by the Clintons followed suit. In Croatia, Croatian-Americans have more parliamentary seats and representation than any group from Croatia. 
Other than American-emigre groups gaining rule and representing the “home country” in the US, there is only one other universal factor each of them revived. Axis- nazi politics and political views became normal in their home countries. In Croatia, they even revived the Waffen SS Battalions. 
The people at the CEEC are behind the Atlantic Council and PNAC will be making the domestic and foreign policy decisions in a Clinton administration. While I would not call Hillary Clinton a Nazi, the people she surrounds herself with actively are. There is very little doubt that Victoria Nuland, a Ukrainian-American brought up in these beliefs will be Secretary of State under a Clinton Administration. 
To get an understanding of what that means, the same people that are deciding Ukrainian domestic and foreign policy will be sending their people to those cabinet positions. 
The one thing for sure is even publications that support her candidacy wonder about Hillary Clinton’s lack of judgment and surrounding herself with nationalist war-hawks that want war with Russia. 
According to the WEEK “At first, Obama went over the top of public opinion to avenge American honor against ISIS. Slowly, America’s mission has crept to include some form of regime change with the ouster of Assad. Now Clinton is selling the American people on greater military interventions so that the U.S. can challenge Putin. Clinton seems unable to distinguish between what is of vital interest to the Russians and peripheral interest to America. She combines this with her bias toward always taking action — of any sort, for good or ill. The combination is dangerous.” 
The article ends in the hope that Clinton is once again lying. Both current president Obama and Hillary Clinton are trying to sell America on the idea that there are moderates fighting a civil war in Syria. We are arming and training them. Are there moderates in Syria worth supporting? Do we have any business there to begin with? The article goes as far as stating the US is determined to overthrow every country that is friendly to Russia. 
Right now Clinton wants to establish a no-fly-zone to protect her moderates. Who are they? US Special Forces on the ground are adamant that Clinton wants to give US military support to ISIS even if it means starting an open war with Russia. 
“ Nobody believes in it. You’re like, ‘Fuck this,’” a former Green Beret says of America’s covert and clandestine programs to train and arm Syrian militias. “Everyone on the ground knows they are jihadis. No one on the ground believes in this mission or this effort, and they know they are just training the next generation of jihadis, so they are sabotaging it by saying, ‘Fuck it, who cares?’” “I don’t want to be responsible for Nusra guys saying they were trained by Americans,” the Green Beret added. 
Since 2014, Ukraine has fully supported al Nusra and at the beginning of the civil war pulled 200 ISIS fighters to the Ukrainian front lines. These fighters are jihadis from Crimea. They have also set up an ISIS training camp near Mariupol. Like all other volunteers, they don’t receive government support and rob to make a living. 
Before this, the Kosovo example looms large. Does inviting indicted mass murderers and people preparing for illegal organ trade (crimes against humanity) trials to your national party convention as special guests qualify as good judgment? Does it showcase Hillary Clinton’s good instincts to be president? 
Welcome to the 2016 Democratic National Convention. Hillary Clinton’s special guest from Kosovo took time-out from preparing for his crimes against humanity case to give support and wish her well. 
“Invited as a guest to the 2016 Democratic National Convention is none other than Kadri Veseli, the Speaker of the Kosovo Assembly. Veseli is a former Kosovar Albanian leader of the KLA and its spy organization SHIK. He’s being indicted along with the current president of Kosovo, Hashim Thaci for small things like organ trafficking and crimes against humanity .’ 
The main witness against Clinton friends, Veseli and Thaci, is a man that was ordered to cut the heart out of another man that was begging for mercy. In a 1998 interview with the BBC , US special envoy to the Balkans, Robert Gelbard had this to say about Veseli and Thaci; “I know a terrorist when I see one and these men are terrorists.” 
Clinton’s relationship with the Albanian and Kosovo killers stretches back to the first Clinton election in 1992. During the campaign season the Clinton duo found out quickly how powerful the emigre national vote was in America. In one fell swoop, the Albanians and the KLA after them went from what the USA definitely recognized as Islamic terrorists to victims we were going to war for. 
The Clinton humanitarian bombing in the Balkans drove victims into the waiting clutches of the KLA, and the spread of Islamic terrorism worldwide. 
In what became her first executive decision, first lady, Hillary Clinton brow-beat the unwilling president Clinton into bombing the Balkans and creating a humanitarian catastrophe. Today, as a result of this, ISIS is setting up training camps in what is widely referred to as Clinton country. 
“On the territory of Kosovo and Metohija, the local police detained three militants of so-called “Islamic State” (a terrorist organization banned in Russia), is going to organize a series of terrorist attacks in Serbia.” Terrorists LIH (IGIL/ISIS) break through the Balkans to Western Europe March 2016 
Clinton’s jihadi bloc vote in America remains central to her winning this election along with the rest of the CEEC. Does America want people advising the president that openly support genocide like the Kosovars, Albanians, or Ukrainians? 
Hillary Clinton is not an Islamist. Hillary Clinton is not a Nazi. But the question remains. Why is she surrounded by and listening to people that are? Is that her best judgment?",0
16362,How To Eliminate Stress With Color?,"in: Natural Medicine , Sleuth Journal , Special Interests 
Color is everywhere and has many functions. In nature, animals and plants use color for camouflage and to facilitate mating. Humans decorate and dress with color for expression. Color preference has a psychological affect on mood and affects people on a subconscious level. Color and Wellness Encouraging mental wellness through the use of color is a very old practice that exists in many cultures. Practitioners of Feng Shui, acupuncture and other adjustments for better living introduce various colors in the form of gemstones , colored fabric, candles, and prisms. If you’ve ever chosen clothing of a specific color based on your mood (perhaps you chose black clothing when you felt down, or bright yellow when you were feeling energetic) then you’ve practiced colorology, also known as chromotherapy. Chromotherapy is actually an alternative medicine that uses color and light to balance a person’s energy where it is lacking — mental, emotional, physical or spiritual. Color for Stress Management Different colors produce different psychological, emotional, and physical effects. Some colors are calming and can help you relax and release your worries; some colors are stimulating. Surrounding yourself with the right colors can be an excellent stress management tool . If you are suffering from stress , consider changing the colors in your environment. The Effects of Different Colors The color chart below outlines the different effects of different colors. Wearing the colors or decorating with them is a great way to harness their specific benefits. Red Red is not the color to use for stress management. It is an exciting and stimulating color, usually associated with passion and vigor. Use this color when you need to lift yourself out of an emotional slump. Pink Pink is soft and tranquil. Its peacefulness promotes a better balance of energy. Orange Like red, orange is not calming but, rather, stimulating and intense. It can help invigorate you when you are feeling down. Yellow Yellow is sunny and cheerful but softer than red or orange. It’s a great color to lift your spirits and combat stress. Green Green is restful and quiet. It’s a soothing color that invites harmonious feelings that diffuse anxiety. Blue Blue is tranquil and peaceful. It has a tremendous stress management quality that encourages calmness. Personally, I’ve found that dark blue has the most calming effect. If you’re stressed, or anticipating stress, try wearing dark blue. Violet Violet represents strength, peace and wisdom. It can encourage feelings of inner peace when worn. Decorating with violet can give your space a peaceful feeling that relieves stress. White White is symbolic of clarity and freshness. However, it needs to be a clean, bright white. Dingy or dull white can cause your emotions to be dull. Black Black exudes power and elegance that is strong but can be overpowering at times. Conversely, it can also represent submission. It’s a color that can impact your world either way; be mindful when decorating with or wearing black. How do you use color to influence your mood? Do you find color therapy beneficial for stress management? Leave a comment below and share your thoughts with us. Submit your review",0
16363,"WATCH: CNN Host Stuns Media, Says Clinton’s Team Thinks “She’s Nuts!”","WikiLeaks Destroys Hillary Mouthpiece Donna Brazile… Iron-Clad Proof 
“This shows you that the angst even her campaign chairman wasn’t told until very late that she had a private email server in her Chappaqua, New York, home when she was secretary of state. It shows you the secrecy — some would say paranoia — of Hillary Clinton and her inner circle,” he continued. 
“If we can keep this from people until the last possible second and only release if we’re forced to release it. What does that tell us about a Clinton presidency ?” he asked. 
King even asking that question is a massive leap forward for the network. Advertisement - story continues below 
You can watch the segment here: 
Despite King’s statements, CNN political reporter Nia-Malika Henderson didn’t think it will have any impact. 
“I mean, that’s the big issue should she get elected to the Oval Office,” she said. “It’s terrible that her inner circle was talking about this in this way. More terrible I think if it had come earlier.” Advertisement - story continues below",0
16364,"George Soros on tape: Trump will win popular vote in 'landslide,' but Hillary Clinton's electoral victory is already 'a done deal'","Even Republican politicians and former politicians are telling Trump to knock off such talk .But, as usual, Trump's shrewdness and defiance of standard political decorum – in which the ""opposition"" party merely rolls over and surrenders in the face of Democratic pressure – is winning the day.None other than billionaire investor and longtime Democratic supporter George Soros has said that the fix is literally in for the election, in favor of Clinton – no matter how much of the popular vote, and from which battleground states, Trump captures.As reported by Top Right News and other outlets, during a recent interview with Bloomberg News , Soros – a Democrat mega-donor – openly admitted that Trump will win the popular vote in a ""landslide.""However, he said that none of that would matter, because a President Hillary Clinton is already a ""done deal.""In the interview, which is now going viral, Soros says with certainty that Trump will take the popular vote, despite what the polls say now (which are completely rigged to oversample Democrats ), but not the Electoral College, which will go to Clinton.When the reporter asks if that is already a ""done deal"" – that Clinton will be our next president no matter what – Soros says ""yes,"" and nods his head.Is Soros just making a prediction out of overconfidence? Or does he truly know something most of us don't know?In a recent column , Natural News founder and editor Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, says that Soros and Democrats have ""bribed electoral college representatives"" in a bid to ""fix"" the election outcome in favor of Clinton. In truth, that would be the only way it could be done, short of massive voter fraud through electronic balloting, as some reports have already claimed .Adams further pointed out that Soros was one of the main money men behind the Black Lives Matter movement, which is being blamed for generating hatred and mistrust of police officers all around the country – some of which has led to the deaths of several officers already.Soros also funds left-wing websites and groups that locate, pay and deploy volunteer ""agitators"" at Trump rallies, to start fights and engage in physical violence against Trump supporters (acts that the establishment media then blames on Trump ).But aren't electors legally obligated to cast a ballot for the presidential candidate who won the majority vote in that elector's district? No, they're not. Nine-nine percent of electors have done what they're supposed to do throughout our history, but this is no ordinary election Per Archives.gov , there is no constitutional provision or federal law requiring electors to vote according to the results of the popular vote. Rather, these pledges fall into two categories: State law and those who are bound by promises made to respective political parties.In the past, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that the Constitution doesn't require electors to be completely free to cast ballots as they please and, therefore, respective political parties may ""extract pledges from electors to vote for the parties' nominees,"" Archives.gov notes. Some state laws hold that ""faithless electors"" could be subjected to fines or disqualification for casting an invalid ballot, and could then be replaced by a substitute elector.""The Supreme Court has not specifically ruled on the question of whether pledges and penalties for failure to vote as pledged may be enforced under the Constitution. No Elector has ever been prosecuted for failing to vote as pledged,"" said Archives.gov.The site notes that throughout our history, 99 percent of electors have voted as required. But this is no ordinary time, and it's no ordinary election . And Democrats (and the establishment media) have already proven that they will do anything to stop a Trump presidency. Plus, establishment Republicans don't want Trump either, so you can bet they wouldn't balk at or challenge the buying off of electors. Sources:",0
16365,Can Oil Help Mexico Withstand Trump’s Attack on Trade? It’s Hard to See How - The New York Times,"CIUDAD DEL CARMEN, Mexico  —   The town that oil built is emptying out. “For Sale” signs are plastered on   houses and   bungalows alike. The idled oil workers who used to cluster in the main square, hoping to pick up odd jobs, have moved on. Here in Ciudad del Carmen, on the gulf coast of Mexico, even the ironclad union positions are slipping away. Some roughnecks on the offshore rigs of the national oil company, Pemex, have not worked in months, and their voices are filled with anxiety. “What do you think is going to happen?” some ask. Pemex has been limping along for years, bleeding billions of dollars annually, saddled with debt and struggling to maintain production as its giant oil fields in the Gulf of Mexico run dry. Next year, it will pump less than two million barrels a day, the lowest output since 1980. Fixing the oil company was already at the top of Mexico’s list of priorities, the focus of a long debate over the fate of one of its most important  —   and troubled  —   national institutions. Now, that mammoth undertaking has become all the more critical with the United States’ election of Donald J. Trump. As Mexicans steel themselves for an American president who made upending his nation’s relationship with Mexico a cornerstone of his campaign, officials on this side of the border have hastened to reassure the country that Mexico’s economy is sound. If Mr. Trump goes through with his promises to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement, deport migrants and tax remittances to pay for his border wall, Mexico will face severe economic shocks, particularly to the vibrant manufacturing base, whose products replaced oil as the country’s main export years ago. The Mexican peso remains at record lows. The central bank raised interest rates this month, citing “heightened uncertainty. ” And last week, it cut growth forecasts for this year and next. The bank’s governor, Agustín Carstens, told a local radio station that understanding the Trump administration’s policies was “like trying to put a jigsaw puzzle together without having all the pieces. ” Many are pessimistic that the government can come up with a backup plan. “Mexico lacks a credible Plan B to offset the   wave,” analysts at Morgan Stanley warned in a recent note to investors. The damage that Mr. Trump could inflict on the busy factories that ship cars and computers to the United States has given a sharp urgency to Mexico’s efforts to   parts of the economy that do not rely on Nafta  —   particularly its dilapidated oil industry. To that end, when José Antonio Meade, the finance minister, lists the Mexican economy’s strengths, he singles out the importance of the new energy laws that broke the   monopoly held by Pemex. The laws, part of a package of economic overhauls that President Enrique Peña Nieto pushed through Congress three years ago, allow for private investment in Mexico’s oil sector for the first time since foreign companies were expelled in 1938. Only days before the American presidential election, Pemex’s chief executive, José Antonio González Anaya, presented a timetable of projects he expected to offer to potential partners and promised to begin returning the national oil company to solvency. He and the finance minister met with investors in New York this month to argue that Mexico’s economy was solid and that “the oil sector will continue to be an engine of national economic growth,” according to a joint statement from Pemex and the Finance Ministry. The pair followed up with a visit to London. Mr. Peña Nieto has pushed through other overhauls, including changes in education, telecommunications, taxes, electricity and finance, but they have yet to generate significant economic growth. Most economists project that the economy will expand by just over 2 percent this year. The most radical of all these overhauls, though, was ending the monopoly of Pemex, the country’s largest company, and allowing it to seek capital and technology from private companies. The measure struck at Mexico’s most enduring symbol of national sovereignty, rejecting the   conviction that it could develop its most valuable natural resource on its own. “The only way to bring back production in the next five, six years is to bring more investment to Pemex,” said Juan Carlos Zepeda, the president of the National Hydrocarbons Commission, Mexico’s oil regulator. “There is no other way. ” But after the new energy laws were approved, the company stalled, the promised joint ventures did not happen, and oil prices plunged. Pemex reeled as its debt soared and production dropped. Falling oil revenue means oil funds less than 20 percent of the government budget, down from as much as 40 percent when prices were at their peak. “The government was never prepared for sustained low oil prices,” said John Padilla, a managing director of IPD Latin America, an energy consulting firm. “They never saw a Pemex implosion in the way it occurred. ” The president chose Mr. González Anaya, a   economist known for efficiency, to take over at Pemex in February. He quickly announced the first joint venture proposal: a deepwater oil field just south of United States waters. Experts believe that Mexico’s untapped deepwater oil fields are its next great prize. But they are risky and expensive, a concern at a time when low oil prices have forced international oil companies to scrap many planned investments. Still, major companies like BP, Exxon Mobil, Chevron and Shell have qualified to bid in a deepwater auction in December. In an interview in his office at the top of the Pemex tower in Mexico City, Mr. González Anaya warned not to expect too much. “Some people have said to me, ‘Look, Pemex won’t go back to producing three million barrels.’ Well, no,” he said. “That’s a shame  —   but no. What I can say and demonstrate is the company’s solidity. ” Not everyone is sure that companies will jump at the chance to team up with Pemex. “Two years ago, everybody wanted to partner with Pemex,” Mr. Padilla said. “They were being courted like the homecoming queen.   two years later, and how can you go to your board and say, ‘Pemex is good for the money’?” Another question is whether the government can speed up the transformation as a defense against Mr. Trump’s promised policies. Even if the government attracts private investment, the effect on production could take years to materialize. “They’re not going to turn the economy around on energy reform,” said Jeremy M. Martin, an energy expert at the Institute of the Americas in San Diego. In the meantime, Mexico must fix the company’s many problems. Pemex’s rusty refineries operate at about 60 percent capacity, forcing the country to import more than half of its gasoline. The company loses billions of dollars every quarter, and it owes almost $100 billion in debt and an additional $68 billion in pension liabilities. Budget cuts have halted exploration for next year. An explosion on a fuel tanker in September was the latest in a series of fiery and often fatal accidents. Gangs routinely tap Pemex’s pipelines to steal gasoline, tipped off from inside the company. The government continues to tax Pemex heavily, and the oil workers’ union  —   an ally of Mr. Peña Nieto’s Institutional Revolutionary Party  —   remains powerful. Mr. González Anaya’s first action after arriving at Pemex was to slash the budget by 22 percent, halting expensive projects and cutting waste. “We haven’t finished,” he said. Referring to his effort to rein in overspending, he added, “We continue, continue, continue. ” For decades, Pemex made many people very rich. The company granted inflated contracts to local business executives who cultivated political connections, according to interviews with contractors in Ciudad del Carmen. Mayors in oil states demanded Pemex cash for public works. “The budget has been converted into plunder,” said Mariano Ruiz Funes, a former Pemex chief of staff. Analysts argue that Pemex may have to sell off parts of the company. “We will see a much smaller Pemex in the years to come,” Mr. Ruiz Funes said, predicting a “long and painful” adjustment. “Politically it will be difficult. ” Mr. González Anaya is not prepared to make that decision. Pemex “is not just any company,” he said. “You can’t ask a national oil company to be Exxon. ” But in Ciudad del Carmen, the riches of that national oil company are long gone. The city has lost about 23, 000 jobs since the end of 2014. “What we’re living through in Carmen, we have never lived through something like this in contemporary Mexico,” said José Domingo Berzunza, the economic development secretary for Campeche, the surrounding state.",0
16366,Most Bavarians have negative attitude toward Muslims in Germany – poll,"Most Bavarians have negative attitude toward Muslims in Germany – poll   18:42 Get short URL © Michaela Rehle / Reuters More than four in five people in the German state of Bavaria have a negative attitude toward Muslims, a new study has found, also reporting that refugees, the long-term unemployed and Roma community are generally perceived negatively. 
More than half of the population of Bavaria demonstrated either “moderate” or “strong” antipathy towards Muslims living in Germany, a study conducted by the Social Studies Institute of the Ludwig Maximilian University (LMU) in Munich said . It also reported that another 34 percent of Bavarians said they had “slight” dislike for followers of Islam. Read more Merkel suggests Christmas carols, flute-playing in face of ‘Islam concerns’ 
Only 11 percent of respondents said they had no bad feelings about Muslims living in Germany, the research published on Monday added. 
The study was based on a comprehensive survey that examined people’s attitudes towards eight different “distinct” groups of society – Muslims, refugees, Jews, Roma, foreigners in general, as well as people of a different race, homosexuals and the long-term unemployed. 
It featured from three to 10 questions that varied depending on each group in focus and that were presented in the form of statements that the respondents had to agree or disagree with. 
The study particularly featured such statements as: “There are too many Muslims in Germany,”“Foreigners/refugees endanger my financial situation/personal way of living,” and “Many long-time unemployed people systematically shy away from work.” 
The research was conducted between April and June 2016 and relied on surveying people from more than 1,700 households across Bavaria. 
Of all the groups in question, Muslims were the only one that stirred up “strong” negative feelings among more than 20 percent of the Bavarian population, while in all other cases it never exceeded 10 percent, and was between 3 and 6 percent on average. 
However, Muslims were not the only group that was perceived mostly negatively by Bavarians. The second most negatively perceived group was actually the long-time unemployed, as more than 80 percent of Bavarians had at least “slightly” negative attitude towards them, although only 4 percent had a “strong” animosity towards this section of society. Read more Syrian refugee in Germany with 4 wives, 22 kids sparks social media fuss over welfare 
Refugees and the Roma (gypsy) community were also among the groups that were viewed least favourably, as only 27 percent of Bavarians had no negative feelings towards each of these groups. Ten percent of Bavarians said they had a “strong” negative attitude towards Roma – the second highest figure among all the groups in focus. 
In the case of refugees, about a third of Bavarians held either “moderate” or “strong” antipathy towards them. 
At the same time, the study showed that people of Bavaria have no negative attitude towards foreigners living in Germany in general as 56 percent of respondents said they had no bad feelings towards foreigners and only 10 percent of those questioned demonstrated “moderate” or “high” level of animosity towards them. 
Bavarians were also almost equally tolerant towards gay people as 54 percent of respondents showed no antipathy towards them. They were also even less prone to what the study called “classic racism” that consists in viewing white people more positively than the people of other races. About three quarters of respondents showed no signs of racism at all, while only about 10 percent of them had “moderate” or “strong” racist views. 
The study also showed that men are more prone to various forms of negative attitude towards the distinct groups in focus than women as well as that people having higher level of education tend to be more tolerant and less prejudged towards all these groups. Read more Merkel ally promotes ‘German Islam’ as means to integrate refugees into liberal EU society 
The research also stressed people that have a strong national identity or have low level of trust to the political institutions are also inclined to have a negative attitude towards the distinct groups mentioned in the study. 
However, the results of the study provoked significant concerns among social scientists, activists and even some churchmen. “In general, there is already a clear negative attitude [towards various distinct groups],” Christian Ganser, a social scientist from the LMU, told German media, adding that “group-focused hostility is a widespread phenomenon in Bavaria.” 
The present social developments that concern negative attitudes towards various groups of society do not fit into the classic conception of right wing extremism, Miriam Heigl, an expert from the Center for Democracy of Munich, told dpa news agency. 
Animosity towards distinct groups is no more a phenomenon linked only to some fringe extremist groups, Ganser, who is a co-author of the study, stressed, adding that it is now “a phenomenon [related to] the average people.” 
“To harbor a pejorative attitude towards others out of fear to lose own identity is no Christian way,” Martin Schneider, a member of the Catholic township council of Munich, told German KNA news agency, commenting on the results of the study. He added that “those, who ostracize outsiders, go against Jesus” Christ. 
At the same time, the issue is not limited to Bavaria, as sentiments similar to those presented in the study are common across the whole of Germany, Ralf Melzer, who works for the Friedrich Ebert Foundation, told dpa. Read more Massive PEGIDA rally in Dresden marks 2 years of anti-immigrant movement (VIDEO) 
On October 22, two days before the study was published, German Chancellor Angela Merkel suggested that any Germans concerned about Islam should combat the perceived Islamization of Germany with flute-playing and Christmas carols. 
“I know there are concerns about Islam,” she said at a congress of her party, the Christian Democratic Union, in the state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, while calling on people to rely on their Christian values and traditions to tackle this challenge. 
On October 3, the German finance minister and close Merkel ally, Wolfgang Schaeuble, called for the creation of “German Islam” that would combine traditional Islamic norms with the principles of tolerance and European liberalism to help integrate millions of refugees from the Middle East into European and particularly German society. 
Meanwhile, the anti-Muslim and anti-migrant sentiments in Germany are on the rise as the populist Alternative for Germany (AfD) party gains strong support at the expense of Merkel’s Christian Democrats. 
German ‘anti-Islamization’ movement Pegida (which stands for ‘Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamization of the West’) staged a massive rally in Dresden on October 16 to mark the group’s second anniversary. The event drew thousands of supporters who demonstrated against the chancellor’s refugee policy.",0
16367,"The Nuclear Option - Gorsuch Hearings Begin: Democrats Ensure Long, Putrid Week on Potomac - Breitbart","Every few years, the botanical garden down on the National Mall proudly boasts its prized “corpse flower. ” In years when our federal swamp gets hot and icky enough, the   plant turns a throbbing purple and blooms. [Like the swollen tongue of a bloated battlefield corpse  —   pressing at the cuffs, seams and Sam Brownes  —   the engorged spadix of the titan arum grows until bursting into a stench that is described as a cross between rotting meat and   garbage. The odor is so repellent that it tricks flies into thinking the plant is a decaying corpse, thus its name.  This being Washington and the seat of your federal government, such a carnival of putrefaction inexplicably attracts people from all around by the thousands to take part in the jolly rotten occasion. So it is with that other periodic event just up the hill. Every few years, Congress convenes to confirm a nominee to the Supreme Court and, watch out, here come the flies. This year’s picnic feast will be Neil Gorsuch, a highly respected appeals court judge nominated by President Trump to replace the late legal titan Justice Antonin Scalia. For decades, these confirmations were fairly basic, straightforward affairs. Is the nominee qualified? Criminal background check to make sure he could not be bribed on the bench. Does he understand the Constitution? Will she faithfully and honestly adhere to the Constitution and always apply it with justice and equality? Well, that all changed back in the 1960s when the absurdly named “liberals” and “progressives” finally realized that the electorate would never buy their crazy authoritarian bunkum. So they decided that the electorate needed to be cut out of the deal. That was when they started stacking the courts with people who flat out reject the notion that the Constitution actually means anything. These   neanderthals certainly have no intentions whatsoever of upholding the Constitution or applying it fairly. This is how you wind up with four justices on the high court who embrace the notion that the Constitution means whatever they say it means, including Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who announced her own constitutional credentials as a “wise Latina. ” Seriously. And it is how you wind up with a crazy lunatic on the Left Coast’s “9th Circus” who somehow decides that the rights enshrined in the U. S. Constitution extend to foreigners in foreign lands. Wouldn’t it be wonderful if these sleazeballs cared this much about the rights of actual American citizens? Already, Democrats in the Senate have declared that they have no interest in taking Judge Gorsuch or his confirmation hearings seriously. “The high burden of proof that Judge Gorsuch has to meet is largely a result of the president who nominated him,” said Sen. Richard Blumenthal, a Democrat who was elected to the Senate from the ridiculous state of Connecticut despite repeatedly lying about fighting in the Vietnam War. In other words, according to Mr. Blumenthal, it’s all about politics. Nothing to do with the Constitution. He doesn’t like the president, so he will never vote for Judge Gorsuch’s confirmation. Break out the smelling salts. It’s gonna be a long, putrid week along the Potomac River. • Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes. com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt.",0
16368,Congressional Hawks Rush to Intensify War in Syria,"Tweet Widget by Rick Sterling 
Warmongers in the U.S. Congress -- Democrats and Republicans – are in a mad dash towards war with Russia in Syria. A “No Fly Zone” resolution passed the House with little debate, cloaked in “humanitarian” language that blames the besieged Syrian government for the totality of the deaths in the U.S.-backed proxy war. The bipartisan regime changers are desperate to complete their mission before the regime change that will occur in Washington, on January 20. Congressional Hawks Rush to Intensify War in Syria by Rick Sterling 
This article previously appeared in Dissident Voice . 
“ They are desperate to prevent the Syrian government from finally eliminating the terrorist groups which the West and allies have promoted for the past 5+ years.” 
Hawks pass HR5732 
Late in the day Tuesday November 15, Congress convened in special session. With normal rules suspended, they passed House Resolution 5732 the “Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act.” The resolution calls for intensifying already harsh sanctions on Syria, assessing implementation of No Fly Zone in Syria and escalating efforts to press criminal charges against Syrian officials. 
HR5732 claims to promote a negotiated settlement in Syria but, as analyzed by Friends Committee for National Legislation, imposes preconditions which would actually make that more difficult. 
There was 40 minutes of “debate” with six representatives (Royce, Engel, Ros-Lehtinen, Kildee, Smith, and Curbelo) speaking in favor of the resolution. There were few other Congressional representatives present in Congress. The House Foreign Affairs Committee stated that the resolution was passed “unanimously” without mentioning the special conditions. 
The “Non Controversial” Resolution that could lead to World War III 
According to wikipedia “ Suspension of the rules is a procedure generally used to quickly pass non-controversial bills in the United States House of Representatives ….such as naming Post Offices…” In this case, the resolution calls for evaluating and developing plans for a “No Fly Zone” which is an act of war. This is obviously controversial and it seems clear the resolution should have been debated and discussed under normal rules with a normal amount of Congressional presence and debate. 
The motivation for bypassing normal rules and rushing the bill through without debate was articulated by the bill’s author and ranking Democrat Eliot Engel: “We cannot delay action on Syria any further…. if we don’t get this legislation across the finish line in the next few weeks, we are back to square one.” The current urgency may be related to the election results since Trump has spoken out against “regime change” foreign policy. As much as they are critical of Obama for not doing more, Congressional neoconservatives are concerned about the prospect of a President who might move toward peace and away from war. 
The Caesar Fraud 
HR5732 is titled the “Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act”. Foreign Affairs Committee Chair Ed Royce (R-Ca) explained that the resolution is named after “the brave Syrian defector known to the world as Caesar, who testified to us the shocking scale of torture being carried out within the prisons of Syria.” 
In reality, the Caesar story was a grand deception involving the CIA with funding from Qatar to sabotage the 2014 Geneva negotiations. The 55,000 photos which were said to show 11,000 torture victims have never been publicly revealed. Only a tiny number of photos have been publicized. However, in 2015 Human Rights Watch was granted access to view the entire set. They revealed that almost one half the photos show the opposite of what was claimed: instead of victims tortured by the Syrian government, they actually show dead Syrian soldiers and civilian victims of car bombs and other terror attacks! The “Caesar” story, replete with masked ‘defector’, was one of the early propaganda hoaxes regarding Syria. 
False Claims that the US has been doing nothing 
One of the big lies regarding Syria is that the US has been inactive. Royce says: 
The administration has decided not to decide. And that itself, unfortunately, has set a course where here we sit and watch and the violence only worsens. Mr. Speaker, America has been sitting back and watching these atrocities for far too long. Vital U.S. national security interests are at stake. 
The ranking Democrat Eliot Engel said: 
Four years ago I thought we should have aided the Free Syrian Army. They came to us in Washington and begged us for help… they were simply looking for weaponry. I really believe if we had given it to them, the situation in Syria would have been different today. 
This is nonsense. The US was actively coordinating, training and supplying armed opposition groups beginning in late 2011. When the Qadaffi government was toppled in Fall 2011, the CIA oversaw the theft of the Libyan armories and shipment of weapons to Syrian armed opposition as documented in the Defense Intelligence Agency report of October 2012. 
These weapons transfers were secret. For the public record it was acknowledged that the US was supplying communications equipment to the armed opposition while Saudi Arabia and Qatar were supplying weaponry. This is one reason that Saudi purchases of weapons skyrocketed during this time period; they were buying weapons to replace those being shipped to the armed opposition in Syria. It was very profitable for US arms manufacturers. 
Huge weapons transfers to the armed opposition in Syria have continued to the present. This past Spring, Janes Defense reported the details of a U.S. delivery of 2.2 million pounds of ammunition, rocket launchers and other weaponry to the armed opposition. 
“The US has done everything short of a direct attack on Syria.” 
Claims that the US has been inactive are baseless. In reality the US has done everything short of a direct attack on Syria. And the US military is starting to cross that barrier. On September 17 the US air coalition did a direct attack on the Syrian Army in Deir Ezzor, killing 80 Syrian soldiers and enabling ISIS to launch an attack on the position. Claims that it was a “mistake” are highly dubious. 
The claims by Congressional hawks that the US has been “inactive” in the Syrian conflict are part of the false narrative suggesting the US must “do something” which leads to a No Fly Zone and full scale war. Ironically, these calls for war are masked as “humanitarian.” And never do the proponents bring up the case of Libya where the US and NATO “did something”: destroyed the government and left chaos. 
Congress as a Fact-Free House of Propaganda 
With only a handful of representatives present and no debate, the six Congress members engaged in unrestrained propaganda and misinformation. The leading Democrat, Eliot Engel, said “We’re going into the New Year 2017, Assad still clings to power, at the expense of killing millions of his citizens.” That number is way off anyone’s charts. 
Rep Kildee said “The world has witnessed this terrible tragedy unfold before our eyes. Nearly half a million Syrians killed. Not soldiers – men, women, children killed.” 
The official text of the resolution says, 
It is the sense of Congress that– 
(1) Bashar al-Assad’s murderous actions against the people of Syria have caused the deaths of more than 400,000 civilians… 
The above accusations – from “millions of citizens” to “half a million” to “400,000 civilians” – are all preposterous lies. 
Credible estimates of casualties in the Syrian conflict range from 300,000 to 420,000. The opposition supporting Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimates the documented 2011-2016 death toll as follows: 
killed pro Syrian forces – 108,000 
killed anti government forces – 105,000 
killed civilians – 89,000 
In contrast with Congressional and media claims, civilians comprise a minority of the total death count and the largest casualty group is those fighting in defense of the the Syrian state. These facts are ignored and never mentioned because they point to the reality versus the propaganda narrative which allows the USA and allies to continue funding terrorism and a war of aggression against Syria. 
The Congressional speakers were in full self-righteous mode as they accused the Syrian government of “committing crimes against humanity and war crimes against civilians including murder, torture and rape. No one has been spared from this targeting, even children.” A naive listener would never know that the Syrian government is primarily fighting the Syrian branch of Al Qaeda including thousands of foreigners supplied and paid by foreign governments. 
The Congressional speakers go on to accuse the Syrian military of “targeting” hospitals, schools and markets. A critical listener might ask why they would do that instead of targeting the Al Qaeda terrorists and their allies who launch dozens and sometimes hundreds of hell cannon missiles into government held Aleppo every day. 
“The White Helmets actively promote US/NATO intervention through a No Fly Zone.” 
The Congressional propaganda fest would not be complete without mention of the “ White Helmets “. House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce said: 
“We (previously) heard the testimony of Raed Saleh of the Syrian White Helmets. These are the doctors, nurses and volunteers who actually, when the bombs come, run towards the areas that have been hit in order to try to get the injured civilians medical treatment…They have lost over 600 doctors and nurses.” 
This is more Congressional nonsense. There are no nurses or doctors associated with the White Helmets. The organization was created by the USA and UK and heavily promoted by a “ shady PR firm .” The White Helmets operate solely in areas controlled by Nusra and associated terrorist groups. They do some rescue work in the conflict zone but their main role is in the information war manipulating public opinion. The White Helmets actively promote US/NATO intervention through a No Fly Zone. Recently the White Helmets has become a major source of claims of innocent civilian victims in east Aleppo. Given the clear history of the White Helmets, these claims should be treated with skepticism. What exactly is the evidence? The same skepticism needs to be applied to video and other reports from the Aleppo Media Center. AMC is a creation of the Syrian Expatriates Organization whose address on K Street, Washington DC indicates it is a US marketing operation. 
What is really going on? 
The campaign to overthrow the Syrian government is failing and there is possibility of a victory for the Syrian government and allies. The previous flood of international jihadi recruits has dried up. The Syrian Army and allies are gaining ground militarily and negotiating settlements or re-locations with “rebels” who previously terrorized Homs, Darraya (outer Damascus) and elsewhere. In Aleppo the Syrian army and allies are tightening the noose around the armed opposition in east Aleppo. 
This has caused alarm among neoconservative lawmakers devoted to Israel, Saudi Arabia and U.S. empire. They are desperate to prevent the Syrian government from finally eliminating the terrorist groups which the West and allies have promoted for the past 5+ years. 
“Pro Israel” groups have been major campaigners for passage of HR5732. The name of Simon Wiesenthal is even invoked in the resolution. With crocodile tears fully flowing, Rabbi Lee Bycel wrote “ Where is the Conscience of the World? ” as he questioned why the “humanitarian” HR5732 was not passed earlier. 
Israeli interests are one of the primary forces sustaining and promoting the conflict. Syria is officially at war with Israel which continues to occupy the Syrian Golan Heights; Syria has been a key ally of the Lebanese resistance; and Syria has maintained its alliance with Iran. In 2010 Secretary of State Clinton urged Syria to break relations with Hezbollah, reduce relations with Iran and come to settlement with Israel. The Syrian refusal to comply with these Washington demands was instrumental in solidifying Washington’s hostility . 
Congressional proponents of HR5732 make clear the international dimension of the conflict. Royce explains “It is Russia, it is Hezbollah, that are the primary movers of death and destruction…it is the IRGC fighters from Iran”. Engel echoes the same message: “Yes, we want to go after Assad’s partners in violence…along with Iranian and Hezbollah forces”. 
These statements are in contrast with the analysis of some writers who believe Israel is not deeply opposed to the Damascus government. For example, Phyllis Bennis recently wrote that belief in an “arc of resistance” has been “long debunked” and that “the Syrian regime …. often plays a useful role for US and Israeli interests.” 
It’s remarkable that this faulty analysis continues to be propounded. In words and deeds Israel has made its position on Syria crystal clear. Israeli Ambassador Michael Oren explained in an interview: 
“We always wanted [President] Bashar Assad to go, we always preferred the bad guys who weren’t backed by Iran to the bad guys who were backed by Iran … the greatest danger to Israel is by the strategic arc that extends from Tehran, to Damascus to Beirut. And we saw the Assad regime as the keystone in that arc.” 
These statements have been fully backed up by Israeli actions bombing Syrian positions in southern Syria and providing medical treatment for Nusra/Al Qaeda and other armed opposition fighters. 
What Will Happen Now? 
If the Syrian government and allies continue to advance in Aleppo, Deir Ezzor, outer Damascus and the south, the situation will come to a head. The enemies of Syria – predominately the USA, Gulf Countries, NATO and Israel – will come to a decision point. Do they intervene directly or do they allow their regime project to collapse? 
HR5732 is an effort to prepare for direct intervention and aggression. 
One thing is clear from the experience of Libya: Neoconservatives do not care if they leave a country in chaos. The main objective is to destabilize and overthrow a government which is too independent. If the USA and allies cannot dominate the country, then at least they can destroy the contrary authority and leave chaos. 
What is at stake in Syria is whether the USA and allies Israel, Saudi Arabia, etc. are able to destroy the last secular and independent Arab country in the region and whether the US goal of being the sole superpower in the world prevails. 
The rushed passing of HR5732 without debate is indicative that: 
* “regime change” proponents have not given up their war on Syria 
* they seek to escalate US aggression. 
* the US Congress is a venue where blatant lies are said with impunity and where violent actions are advanced behind a cynical and amoral veneer of “humanitarianism” and crocodile tears. Rick Sterling is an investigative journalist and member of Syria Solidarity Movement. He can be reached at [email protected]",0
16369,Spanish Mod Releases Thousands Of Pages Of Declassified UFO Files!,"Recently, the British Ministry of Defense gave the general public the privilege of analyzing declassified material regarding the UFO phenomenon.

Many attempts were made to capture a better glimpse of these mystery objects, but with little success. Hundreds of UFOs were tracked annually, which is an incredible number knowing that it's very likely to never see one during our lifetime.


80 UFO reports mixed in the 1900 pages 

Now we have newly declassified reports and details from the Spanish Ministry of Defense. We can read about several kinds of sightings and strange phenomena from the online library of the Spanish Ministry of Defense.


The first recorded UFO sighting over Spain's capital, Madrid, was on December 11 of 1968, where people witnessed large changing lights in the sky. There was even one report by some pilots and then President Adolfo Suarez, that talks about strange lights following when traveling by air force aircraft from Germany to Spain . 

There are around 80 reports mixed in the 1900 pages of these newly declassified documents, dating between 1962 and 1995.

Watch the following video to learn more! 

Disclose TV SOURCE ",0
16370,Приморские ТОР могут получить 260 млрд руб. инвестиций,"0 комментариев 0 поделились 
""На сегодняшний день потенциальные инвесторы подали 56 заявок на получение статуса резидентов территорий опережающего развития в Приморье. Сумма заявленных инвестиций - более 260 млрд рублей. Очень важно, что налажена работа с инвесторами, и эти заявки переходят в реализуемые инвестиционные проекты"", приводит ТАСС слова Галушки. 
По его словам, к настоящему времени ""от общего объема заявленных инвестиций более 75%, более 202 млрд рублей, - это уже подписанные с инвесторами соглашения по реализации проектов в Приморье"". 
Как отметил Галушка, на совещании было заявлено еще о семи новых потенциальных резидентах с инвестициями на общую сумму 64 млрд рублей. 
По каждой территории опережающего развития Приморского края будет сформирована своя проектная команда. В нее войдут представители Минвостокразвития, Корпорации развития Дальнего Востока, администрации региона, инфраструктурных компаний и других заинтересованных организаций и ведомств, сообщил Галушка. 
Напомним, в настоящее время в Приморье работают три ТОР: ""Надеждинская"" со специализаций на логистике, агротерритория ""Михайловский"" и ""Большой Камень"", где строится крупнейшая в мире судоверфь. 
Правда.ру писала, что власти Приморья выдали 53 ""дальневосточных гектара"" новым владельцам. 
Как пишет Российская газета, документы еще по 88 участкам находятся на подписи у граждан, а более полутора тысяч заявок находятся на рассмотрении у муниципальных властей. 
Отметим, что гектары в Приморье находятся на втором месте по популярности у дальневосточников. На первом месте - Якутия, на втором - Сахалин. 
Ежедневно более 500 жителей ДФО подают заявки на ""гектар"". Чаще всего землю жители Дальнего Востока берут под жилищное строительство, сельское хозяйство, пасеки, складское хозяйство и производство. 
Любой россиянин сможет получить по ""дальневосточному гектару"" в 2017 году, а с октября этого года землю будут предоставлять по всей территории региона, заявил министр РФ по развитию Дальнего Востока Александр Галушка. 
Галушка в интервью газете ""Известия"" пояснил, что ""с 1 октября 2016 года участки будут предоставляться уже на всей территории Дальнего Востока. А с 2017 года ""дальневосточным гектаром"" смогут обзавестись не только жители ДФО, а любой россиянин. При этом государство предъявляет одно требование - земля должна быть освоена по истечении пяти лет, иначе она будет возвращена государству. Тем же, кто освоил, ее бесплатно передадут в собственность"". 
Читайте последние новости Pravda.ru на сегодня Поделиться:",0
16371,Donald Trump’s Docket: A Look at His Supreme Court Wish List - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump on Wednesday unveiled a list of prospective Supreme Court nominees, seeking to pacify veteran Republicans who fear he does not take judicial matters seriously and to reassure conservatives that his appointees would reflect a   philosophy. Here is a look at his possible picks: Born: 1963 Position: United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit Background: Judge Colloton, who was nominated by President George W. Bush in 2003, once clerked for Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and was an associate independent counsel on the Whitewater investigation in the  . _____ Born: 1965 Position: Colorado Supreme Court Background: Justice Eid, who was appointed in 2006 by Gov. Bill Owens, a Republican, previously served as the state’s solicitor general and clerked for Justice Clarence Thomas. A native of Spokane, Wash. she was a speechwriter for William J. Bennett, a secretary of education in the Reagan administration, before attending law school. _____ Born: 1963 Position: United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit Background: Judge Gruender, who has been suggested by conservatives as a possible nominee before, was nominated for his current post by President Bush in 2003. He has also worked as a prosecutor, serving as the United States attorney for the Eastern District of Missouri, in St. Louis. His political background includes working as Missouri state political director for Bob Dole’s 1996 presidential campaign. _____ Born: 1965 Position: United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit Background: Judge Hardiman was nominated by President Bush in 2003 after over a decade in private practice. He grew up in Waltham, Mass. and graduated from Notre Dame. Among his notable cases was a 2014 decision overturning Philadelphia’s   ban on political contributions by police officers. _____ Born: 1966 Position: United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit Background: Judge Kethledge, confirmed months before President Bush left office, worked as a clerk for Justice Anthony M. Kennedy. This year, he wrote a decision ordering the Internal Revenue Service to provide information about   applications as part of a Tea Party lawsuit that accused the agency of unfairly targeting conservatives. _____ Born: 1968 Position: Michigan Supreme Court Background: Judge Larsen, who was named to the state court last fall by Gov. Rick Snyder, a Republican, is up for election in November to complete the term, which expires in 2018. She spent several years as a law professor at the University of Michigan and clerked for Justice Antonin Scalia. _____ Born: 1964 Position: Utah Supreme Court Background: Justice Lee, who has held his current post since 2010, is the brother of Senator Mike Lee of Utah (who endorsed Senator Ted Cruz in the Republican primary) and the son of Rex E. Lee, who was United States solicitor general under President Ronald Reagan. _____ Born: 1962 Position: United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit Background: Judge Pryor was Alabama’s attorney general when he was nominated by President Bush in 2003. That year, he was at the center of a national firestorm when he called for the removal of the state’s chief justice, Roy S. Moore, who had refused to obey a federal court order to remove a Ten Commandments monument from the state’s judicial building. Judge Pryor initially supported Judge Moore but wound up leading the prosecution that led to his ouster from the bench. _____ Born: 1974 Position: Minnesota Supreme Court Background: Justice Stras, who has been on the court since 2010 and was elected to a   term in 2012, was previously a faculty member at the University of Minnesota Law School. His selection six years ago by Gov. Tim Pawlenty, a Republican, stunned much of the state’s judicial world, given Mr. Stras’s age at the time (35) and that he had spent most of his time in academia. _____ Born: 1957 Position: United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit Background: Judge Sykes, who was nominated by President Bush in 2003, has been mentioned before by Mr. Trump as a possible choice. She is the former wife of Charlie Sykes, a prominent Wisconsin radio host who fiercely opposed Mr. Trump before the state’s primary last month, which Mr. Trump lost decisively. _____ Born: 1966 Position: Texas Supreme Court Background: Justice Willett, appointed by Gov. Rick Perry in 2005, served as an adviser to George W. Bush in the Texas governor’s office and in the White House. He then worked in the Justice Department office that coordinates the judicial nomination and confirmation process with the White House and the Senate. Later he was deputy attorney general under Greg Abbott, now the state’s governor. Last June, Justice Willett, an eager Twitter user, weighed in on the prospect of a President Trump’s imprint on the Supreme Court:",0
16372,WikiLeaks Claims CIA Lost Control of ’Hacking Arsenal’ - Breitbart,"In a press release for their most recent data dump, whistleblowing service WikiLeaks claims that the CIA has lost control of their “hacking arsenal. ”[The press release states that WikiLeaks’ publication of CIA documents is the “largest ever publication of confidential documents on the agency. ” The data dump consists of 8, 761 files and documents taken from a   isolated network situated inside the CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia.  Explosively, WikiLeaks also claims that the CIA has lost control of their “hacking arsenal. ” Recently, the CIA lost control of the majority of its hacking arsenal including malware, viruses, trojans, weaponized “zero day” exploits, malware remote control systems and associated documentation. This extraordinary collection, which amounts to more than several hundred million lines of code, gives its possessor the entire hacking capacity of the CIA. The archive appears to have been circulated among former U. S. government hackers and contractors in an unauthorized manner, one of whom has provided WikiLeaks with portions of the archive. WikiLeaks states that their data dump contains information outlining the CIA’s global hacking program, the large collection of malware utilized by the agency, and their “zero day” weaponized exploits which could be used to hack “Apple’s iPhone, Google’s Android and Microsoft’s Windows and even Samsung TVs, which are turned into covert microphones. ” Since 2001 the CIA has gained political and budgetary preeminence over the U. S. National Security Agency (NSA). The CIA found itself building not just its now infamous drone fleet, but a very different type of covert,   force  —   its own substantial fleet of hackers. The agency’s hacking division freed it from having to disclose its often controversial operations to the NSA (its primary bureaucratic rival) in order to draw on the NSA’s hacking capacities. By the end of 2016, the CIA’s hacking division, which formally falls under the agency’s Center for Cyber Intelligence (CCI) had over 5000 registered users and had produced more than a thousand hacking systems, trojans, viruses, and other “weaponized” malware. Such is the scale of the CIA’s undertaking that by 2016, its hackers had utilized more code than that used to run Facebook. The CIA had created, in effect, its “own NSA” with even less accountability and without publicly answering the question as to whether such a massive budgetary spend on duplicating the capacities of a rival agency could be justified. The press release notes the vulnerability of these “cyber weapons” and how easily they can be hijacked by third parties: Once a single cyber ‘weapon’ is ‘loose’ it can spread around the world in seconds, to be used by rival states, cyber mafia and teenage hackers alike. WikiLeaks founder and editor Julian Assange gave his own comment on the release, stating: There is an extreme proliferation risk in the development of cyber ‘weapons’. Comparisons can be drawn between the uncontrolled proliferation of such ‘weapons’ which results from the inability to contain them combined with their high market value, and the global arms trade. But the significance of “Year Zero” goes well beyond the choice between cyberwar and cyberpeace. The disclosure is also exceptional from a political, legal and forensic perspective. Read the full press release here. Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
16373,Donald Trump Boasts: ’We Have by Far the Highest IQ of Any Cabinet Ever Assembled’,"  Donald Trump boasted on Thursday that his administration will “have by far the highest IQ of any cabinet ever assembled. ”[Trump delivered these remarks at a leadership luncheon with inauguration officials and Republican leaders at Trump International Hotel in Washington, D. C. on Thursday afternoon.   He praised the members of his cabinet, including “the legendary Jeff Sessions”  —   the Alabama senator who is Trump’s nominee for U. S. Attorney General. He also mentioned UN Ambassador nominee South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, Health and Human Services Secretary nominee Dr. Tom Price ( ) and Treasury Secretary nominee Steve Mnuchin, among others. “We have a lot of smart people. I tell you what  —   we have by far the highest IQ of any Cabinet ever,” he said. Watch the video of his complete remarks above.",0
16374,Comment on Rep. Gowdy on impact of FBI’s new Clinton inquiry by Toby,"‹ › Debbie Menon is an independent writer based in Dubai. She is Editor-in-Chief of VeteransNewsNow.com Her main focus are the US-Mid-East Conflicts. Her writing has been featured in several print and online publications in the Middle East. She is committed to exposing (AIPAC) the Israel Lobby's control of American policy for the Middle East. Control which amounts to treason by the Zionist Lobbies in America and its stooges in Congress, and that guarantees there can never be a peaceful resolution of the Middle East conflicts, only catastrophe for all, in the region and the world. Her focus is Israel’s drift towards greater oppression of the Palestinian people; the political deceptions and crisis in Syria and Ukraine; the cold hard facts about America’s so-called ‘war on terror’ and grim future; countering the propaganda war towards Iran & Russia and calling attention to, the new, developing, promising, strategic alliances as a consequence. Her mission is to inform and educate the public on issues of the US/Middle East conflicts that are unreported, underreported, or distorted in the Zionist owned American Media. Her writing reflects the incredible resilience, almost superhuman steadfastness of the occupied and oppressed Palestinians, who are now facing the prospect of a final round of ethnic cleansing. Her mission is to inform and educate internet viewers seeking unfiltered information about real events on issues of the US/Middle East conflicts that are unreported, underreported, or distorted in the American media. Her purpose is to look at the current reality from a different and critical perspective, not to simply rehash the pro-US/Israel perspective, smoke and mirrors that has been allowed to utterly and completely dominate Mainstream discourse. PS: For those of her detractors that think she is being selective and even “one sided,” tough, that is the point of her work, to present an alternative view and interpretation of the US-Israel-Middle East conflict, that has been completely ignored in mainstream discourse and denied the US public. Oh, and she is not Muslim or Palestinian and not married to one either! She is practicing Roman catholic. Rep. Gowdy on impact of FBI’s new Clinton inquiry By Debbie Menon on October 31, 2016 Rep. Trey Gowdy is a straight shooter. He shows a glimmer of hope. BRAVO! Senator Trey Gowdy is an American attorney, politician and former prosecutor. He currently serves as the U.S. Representative for South Carolina’s 4th congressional district. 
Senator Trey Gowdy is right, the timing is a direct and natural consequence of decisions Hillary made, period. 
Jim Comey’s obligation is to the public. 
Senator (Harry) Reid is simply “just another” one of the political hacks who populate that massive brothel we call Capitol Hill. Senator Reid and others are aware of the treasonous and criminal nature of the Clintons. 
Let’s not divert and scapegoat Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her husband. Hillary Clinton is probably guilty of many things which have not surfaced as openly or as clearly, but Hillary is guilty as sin of malfeasance of office and negligence, for the very fact that she exposed her country’s secrets to hackers, knowingly using a “private server” to conduct State Department business with the outside world and should be called to account for it. Period. Gowdy: Clinton wiped her private server clean 
Comey told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. 
It is people like Bill & Hillary who have become “Too Big to Fall” and the basic problems and causes of the fundamental failures in US Government. Two of the major rotten apples in the barrel, and these are probably two of the most obvious who should be prosecuted not only as examples to the others, but for delivery of the justice which they have earned…and which the citizens of America deserve! 
Instead of rewarding them by returning them to the Oval office, they should be investigated, and they should be held accountable. Americans can live in a State of Law and Justice, or a State of suppression, injustice, corruption and subjugation to powerful politicians. It is their choice!",0
16375,Six New England Patriots Say They Will Skip a White House Visit - The New York Times,"At least six members of the Super   New England Patriots have said they will not visit the White House for the traditional meeting that championship teams have with the president. Running back LeGarrette Blount, defensive end Chris Long and defensive tackle Alan Branch on Thursday became the latest to announce that they would skip the visit. Long posted on Twitter that he “planned on skipping” in response to a column in The Daily News that urged him to skip. Blount revealed his decision on Fox Sports in a radio interview on “The Rich Eisen Show” later in the afternoon. “I just don’t feel welcome in that house,” Blount said. “I’m going to just leave it at that. ” Branch told Sirius XM Radio that he planned to spend time with family. A day earlier, the Pro Bowl linebacker Dont’a Hightower bowed out when he told ESPN, “Been there, done that,” having visited with a championship Alabama team. Tight end Martellus Bennett told reporters after the Super Bowl that he would not go: “It is what it is,” he said. “People know how I feel about it. Just follow me on Twitter. ” The outspoken Bennett had joked that he might move to outer space after Donald J. Trump was elected. The Pro Bowl safety Devin McCourty, a team captain,  told Time magazine: “Basic reason for me is I don’t feel accepted in the White House. With the president having so many strong opinions and prejudices, I believe certain people might feel accepted there while others won’t. ” Bennett and McCourty were in the news for their activism last fall, when they raised their fists in protest during the national anthem for one game. At the time, athletes in various sports were protesting racial oppression in the country. The number of Patriots absences may well increase. Running back James White said he had not made up his mind whether to go. “I’ll wait till the time comes and decide then,” he said. No date has been scheduled for this year’s ceremony honoring the Patriots. The ceremony for last year’s champions, the Broncos, took place in June. Perhaps no other team has as close an association with Trump as the Patriots. Just before the election, Trump claimed that he had the support of Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and Coach Bill Belichick. Brady, who displayed a “Make America Great Again” cap in his locker during the campaign, never explicitly endorsed Trump, but he spoke favorably of him and they have socialized. Trump also cited a supportive letter he had received from Belichick, and several news media accounts confirmed the letter was authentic. The team’s owner, Robert K. Kraft, has said he has considered Trump a longtime friend. Brady did not attend his team’s visit with former President Barack Obama at the White House, in 2015, citing family issues. But some athletes who have skipped the trip over the years have explicitly given politics as a reason. Bruins goalie Tim Thomas declined to visit the Obama White House with his teammates in January 2012, saying in a statement: “I believe the federal government has grown out of control, threatening the rights, liberties and property of the people. “Because I believe this, today I exercised my right as a free citizen, and did not visit the White House. ” Baltimore Ravens center Matt Birk cited his opposition to abortion as the reason for skipping a 2013 visit. A number of other athletes have skipped the ceremony while citing scheduling conflicts or family commitments. Presidents for years have invited sports figures to the White House, but the tradition of honoring championships teams there solidified under Ronald Reagan. Major professional champions and many college champions stop by for a presentation and a photo opportunity. Six Patriots, so far, won’t make the trip this year.",0
16376,Charles Osgood to Leave CBS Show ‘Sunday Morning’ After 22 Years - The New York Times,"Charles Osgood, whose distinct voice and dapper broadcasting style has made the CBS show “Sunday Morning” a weekly ritual for many viewers, will be leaving at the end of September after 22 years as the program’s anchor. News of his departure comes after months of speculation. On Sunday, Mr. Osgood, who is 83, used a part of the “Sunday Morning” broadcast to tell his viewers that the rumors were true. “For years now, people, even friends and family, have been asking me why I keep doing this, considering my age,” Mr. Osgood said. “I am pushing 84. It’s just that it’s been a joy doing it. ” He added: “It’s been a great run, but after nearly 50 years at CBS, including the last 22 years here on ‘Sunday Morning,’ the time has come, and a date is set for me to do my farewell ‘Sunday Morning. ’” The farewell broadcast will be on Sept. 25. Since he joined the network in 1971, Mr. Osgood had been a reporter and anchor for every broadcast on CBS, according to the network. He took over “Sunday Morning” from Charles Kuralt in 1994. His comforting, almost folksy approach to the news (and trademark bow ties) quickly eliminated any early doubts that he could successfully replace Mr. Kuralt, who had spent 15 years developing the show. With Mr. Osgood in the anchor chair, the program has won three daytime Emmys for outstanding morning program. His voice, velvety and gravelly at once, made him well known to radio, television and movie listeners. In 2008, he was the narrator of the animated film “Horton Hears a Who!” “Charles Osgood has one of the most distinctive voices in broadcasting, guiding each broadcast, making sure the words were just right and being a calming, reassuring presence to our viewers,” David Rhodes, president of CBS News, said in a statement. “His impeccable commitment to quality inspires all of us at CBS News. ” On Sunday, Mr. Osgood assured viewers that they could still find him on the radio. He will contribute to his   program “The Osgood File,” where he has been known to read vignettes and poems about the day’s news. He ended his farewell announcement by singing a folk song, written by Woody Guthrie, to his viewers: “So long, it’s been good to know   long it’s been good to know   long it’s been good to know   long time since I’ve been   I’ve got to be drifting along. ”",0
16377,Trump Now Praises Poll That He Said Were Rigged Now that He's Up 2 Points In Florida?,Trump Now Praises Poll That He Said Were Rigged Now that He's Up 2 Points In Florida? And so will you lemmings. Anonymous Coward Re: Trump Now Praises Poll That He Said Were Rigged Now that He's Up 2 Points In Florida? And so will you lemmings. Quoting: Anonymous Coward 58059507 Report Copyright Violation Re: Trump Now Praises Poll That He Said Were Rigged Now that He's Up 2 Points In Florida? I see London I see France I see Op's underpants not to big and not to small just right for a cannonball Page 1,0
16378,Milo Yiannopoulos’s Pedophilia Comments Cost Him CPAC Role and Book Deal - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Milo Yiannopoulos, a polemical Breitbart editor and unapologetic defender of the   tested the limits of how far his provocations could go after the publication of a video in which he condones sexual relations with boys as young as 13 and laughs off the seriousness of pedophilia by Roman Catholic priests. On Monday, the organizers of the Conservative Political Action Conference rescinded their invitation for him to speak this week. Simon  Schuster said it was canceling publication of “Dangerous” after standing by him through weeks of criticism of the deal. And Breitbart itself was reportedly reconsidering his role amid calls online for it to sever ties with him. Mr. Yiannopoulos’s comments, which quickly created an uproar online over the weekend, put many conservatives in a deeply uncomfortable position. They have long defended Mr. Yiannopoulos’s   stunts and racially charged antics on the grounds that the left had tried to hypocritically censor his right to free speech. But endorsing pedophilia, it seemed, was more than they could tolerate. The board of the American Conservative Union, which includes veterans of the conservative movement like Grover Norquist and Morton Blackwell, made the decision to revoke Mr. Yiannopoulos’s speaking slot and condemn his comments on Monday. “We initially extended the invitation knowing that the free speech issue on college campuses is a battlefield where we need brave, conservative ” Matt Schlapp, the chairman of the American Conservative Union, said in a written statement. Regarding Mr. Yiannopoulos’s comments, Mr. Schlapp called them “disturbing” and said Mr. Yiannopoulos’s explanation of them was insufficient. Late Monday, Mr. Yiannopoulos said that he would hold a news conference on Tuesday to discuss his statements. Mr. Yiannopoulos, who has railed against Muslims, immigrants, transgender people and women’s rights, is a marquee contributor to Breitbart News, where he serves as senior editor. He has amassed a fan base for his stunts and   statements. But by Monday afternoon, his future at the website was being intensely debated by top management. One Breitbart journalist, who requested anonymity to describe private deliberations, described divisions in the newsroom over whether Mr. Yiannopoulos could stay on. There was some consensus among staff members that his remarks were more extreme than his usual speech, the journalist said, and executives were discussing by telephone whether his apology was enough to preserve his position at the site. A Breitbart representative declined to comment. After the video was leaked on Twitter by a conservative group called the Reagan Battalion, Mr. Yiannopoulos denied that he had ever condoned child sexual abuse, noting that he was a victim himself. He blamed his “British sarcasm” and “deceptive editing” for leading to a misunderstanding. But in the tape, the   polemicist is clear that he has no problem with older men abusing children as young as 13, which he then conflates with relationships between older and younger gay men who are of consenting age. “No, no, no. You’re misunderstanding what pedophilia means,” Mr. Yiannopoulos says on the tape, in which he is talking to radio hosts in a video chat. “Pedophilia is not a sexual attraction to somebody 13 years old who is sexually mature. Pedophilia is attraction to children who have not reached puberty,” he adds, dismissing the fact that    are children. The notion of consent, he says, is “arbitrary and oppressive. ” At one point in the video, an unknown speaker says that the behavior being defended by Mr. Yiannopoulos is akin to molestation by Catholic priests. Mr. Yiannopoulos responds, in an ironic tone, by crediting a priest for having helped develop his sexual technique. Conservatives reacted with near unanimous disgust at the comments. Some expressed bewilderment that conference organizers would extend an invitation to Mr. Yiannopoulos in the first place, given his history of statements that have been offensive to blacks and Muslims, and have generally pushed the bounds of decency. Twitter has banned him. “Colossal misjudgment,” Rich Lowry, editor of National Review, wrote on Twitter. “Now CPAC has put itself in the role of ‘censor.’ And for what? Some clicks and headlines?” Until now, Mr. Yiannopoulos, a fervent supporter of President Trump, had emerged as something of a hero to many on the right, who saw in him an eager and willing combatant against a culture they believed was too politically correct. He became a star at Breitbart, the   news outlet, and earned the admiration of Stephen K. Bannon, who was its publisher before becoming Mr. Trump’s chief White House strategist. Mr. Yiannopoulos was just getting a foothold in the media. He recently appeared on the comedian Bill Maher’s HBO talk show, and aggressively taunted liberals without much pushback from the host. His book “Dangerous,” a   manifesto and memoir that he sold in December to Threshold Editions, a conservative imprint within Simon  Schuster, had shot to the top of Amazon’s   list, based on advance orders. The publisher had encountered mounting criticism of its relationship with Mr. Yiannopoulos. The author Roxane Gay withdrew from her contract for a book with a Simon  Schuster imprint in protest. The company stood by Mr. Yiannopoulos even as his planned lecture at the University of California, Berkeley, was canceled after rioting. But in a terse statement late Monday, the publisher said it was canceling the book “after careful consideration. ” In a statement released through his agent, Mr. Yiannopoulos said: “The people whose views, concerns and fears I am articulating do not sip white wine and munch canapés in gilded salons. And they will not be defeated by the cocktail set running New York publishing. Nor will I. ” The decision is likely to be a costly one for Simon  Schuster, which may not be able to recover the portion of the reported $250, 000 advance it had already paid to Mr. Yiannopoulos. “Dangerous” had sold just under 50, 000 copies, according to his literary agent, Thomas Flannery Jr. who said he planned to find another publisher.",0
16379,Russia outstrips USA in anti-meteorite defence,"Russia outstrips USA in anti-meteorite defence 07.11.2016 AP photo The US government has held exercises to simulate a collision of planet Earth with an asteroid up to 250 meters in diameter. The asteroid may supposedly ram into Earth on September 20, 2020. Pravda.Ru asked coordinator of Kosmopoisk public association, cryptophysicist, researcher and writer Vadim Chernobrov what means of protection against space bodies Russia had. ""The Americans often carry out large-scale and regional exercises, the legend of which is about meteorites. Russia should not be envious about such measures at all, because Russia holds similar exercises on a regular basis without advertising them. ""One of the most recent exercises was held in the Tyumen region. I have to say that the world's largest of such exercises was conducted in Russia in the first half of 2013, although the event had not received any coverage at all. The event was held soon after the fall of the Chelyabinsk meteorite. As we know, pieces of that space body started falling on Earth on February 10. The last pieces fell on 20 February - the process took ten days. Print version Font Size ""The Russian Defence Minister ordered to hold large-scale exercises in the area of the crash site soon after the phenomenal event. The legend of the exercises did not contain a word about the meteorite danger, but everyone knew that the event was connected with the fall of the Chelyabinsk meteorite . In fact, their goal was to show both the defence minister and the president, that our troops, if necessary, would be ready to go to any location in Russia and take all necessary measures in this regard."" Prior to 2050, as many as eleven asteroids may approach our planet at distances smaller than the average radius of the lunar orbit (385,000 kilometers). The dimensions of these space bodies vary from seven to 945 meters, RIA Novosti said. One of them will pass near Earth on October 12, 2017. Experts note that the distance between asteroid 2012TS4 and planet Earth will be 115,000 kilometers, while its speed will be 6.8 kilometers per second. The diameter of this celestial body is not less than 17 meters. The most dangerous space object, which will soon fly past Earth is known as Asteroid Apophis , 393 meters in diameter. Apophis is said to approach Earth on April 30, 2029 at a speed of seven kilometers per second. Pravda.Ru Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru Behind Russia's space shield",0
16380,Like to Mock Our Weddings Pages? Get in Line - The New York Times,"The Sunday wedding announcements in The New York Times have long been a fertile hunting ground for writers of parodies,   and other forms of snark. The best explanation of why our wedding pages make such a tempting target was provided by Robert Baedeker, one of the authors of “Weddings of The Times,” a 2009 book parodying our reports, during an interview on National Public Radio. “The wedding announcements in The Times are so perfect and polished, and the inspiration comes from that sort of primal feeling one gets when one sees a perfect picture, which is to scribble a mustache on it or draw some sunglasses on it,” Mr. Baedeker said. Such scribbled mustaches abound. The website Gawker, before closing last year, routinely took shots at us, including this post  imagining our staff at work: I envision, just so you know, a room of ladies peering skeptically over their bifocals at announcement submissions, occasionally pausing to consult worn leather bound address books  —   “I could have sworn Swoosie Remington was from Darien and not New Canaan,” they sniff  —   while Bob Woletz sits in his office lighting copies of Town  Country on fire. (For the record, Mr. Woletz, the weddings editor, lights up copies of Architectural Digest, not Town  Country.) The comedian and writer Selena Coppock has an NYTVows Twitter feed parodying the wedding pages. Here is an example: In an interview, Ms. Coppock said, almost convincingly, that she does not really hate us. So why do people like her pick on us so much? It’s partly jealousy, she explained, and partly the idea of so many big shots marrying each other. “It seems almost comical, just Ivy League upon Ivy League, the Mayflower and so on,” she said. “People get a kick out of hearing about these important families marrying into these other important families. ” The Times has grown more egalitarian through the years  —   the sons and daughters of truck drivers, waitresses and maintenance workers have graced our pages. (One of our most recent brides, an art teacher for an   program, bought her wedding dress for $6.) But that patrician reputation is hard to shake. There have been other parodies and commentaries aplenty: Jena Friedman has created videos poking fun at us, and Zach Miller’s “Veiled Conceit,” a blog from years ago, was the most elaborate. L. V. Krause wrote a memorable piece about why she keeps reading us, angrily. Here in the weddings section, we don’t mind an occasional insult thrown our way. Much. Just spell the names right, as the saying goes. Sometimes we even chuckle  —   in a dignified,    sort of way. In that spirit, we’re sharing three of the better takes on our announcements: 1. Terri Pous of BuzzFeed was so mortified by our prose that she produced a   quiz last summer asking readers whether an excerpt actually came from our pages or from her own fanciful mind. Following is a real one followed by a fake one: • “Before she started, she asked her new boss, Christine Riordan, then the provost of the university, if a boyfriend came with the job. ” • “The bridegroom had never eaten a hamburger, a fact he delightedly recounted on their first date in between bites of   seitan and kohlrabi. ” 2. Last summer, Colin Nissan, writing in The New Yorker, projected a gruesome future for a bride who graduated summa cum laude and a groom who was just magna cum laude:  This disparity in achievement will be a recurring source of tension for the couple, first rearing its head during their honeymoon, in Belize, when the groom will take a little too long to calculate a tip and the bride will step in to “summa the situation”  —   a phrase the groom will coin in that moment and continue to employ for years to come, with diminishing amusement.  …      3. We even parodied ourselves in this 1993 article in The Times’s Metro section about the wedding of a fellow who has been in the news quite a bit lately. Georgia Dullea wrote: Marla Ann Maples, the daughter of Ann Ogletree and Stanley Maples, both of Dalton, Ga. was married last night at the Plaza Hotel to Donald John Trump, a son of Mary and Fred Trump of Jamaica Estates in Queens. The bridegroom’s previous marriage ended in divorce.   …     Dr. Arthur Caliandro of the Marble Collegiate Church performed the ceremony in the Grand Ballroom, on an altar decked with white orchids and white birches. Dripping from the birches were   teardrops. Other than that, as the writer Julie Baumgold remarked after the ceremony, “There wasn’t a wet eye in the place. ” The bride is taking her husband’s name. The bridegroom is keeping his name, The Donald, a legacy from his former wife, Ivana. Ivana Trump is keeping her cool on the ski slopes of Aspen. **** This article is part of the series “Committed: 165 Years of Love (and War) in The New York Times Wedding Announcements. ”",0
16381,How to Keep Your Office Holiday Party From Going Off the Rails - The New York Times,"The office party can be a chance for   to get together in a relaxed setting to celebrate the holidays. Or it can be a memorable event for all the wrong reasons. “Getting on top of the boss’s desk and dancing  —   not a good idea,” John A. Challenger, chief executive of the outplacement consulting firm Challenger, Gray  Christmas, said in an interview. “Making a pass at the C. E. O. ’s spouse  —   not a good idea. These sorts of things have happened and given the H. R. teams great headaches. ” Phyllis G. Hartman, who owns the human resources company PGHR Consulting, said the newly released movie “Office Christmas Party” depicts the worst of all possible behaviors at office holiday gatherings. “For the most part, of all my years in H. R. 90 percent of the parties go fine,” she said, adding, “Bad things happen sometimes. ” To prevent misbehavior that can lead to lawsuits, complaints of sexual harassment or lasting memories that can make things awkward in the workplace, experts offer these suggestions: Employees expect alcohol to be served at parties, and it makes for a better celebration, Mr. Challenger said. Caron Treatment Centers, which treats drug and alcohol addictions, found that 85 percent of 2, 018 adults surveyed  last year said they believed that it was appropriate to drink at a holiday party at work. Of those who attended such parties, 11 percent reported experiencing negative physical and social effects from drinking, including passing out, needing to apologize to colleagues, and having their behavior hurt their standing at work, according to a company statement. “Drinking too much at a workplace party is one of the quickest ways to derail your career,” Doug Tieman, Caron’s president and chief executive, said in the statement. Party organizers should try to strike a balance between treating workers as adults and curbing potentially bad behavior, experts said. “Corporations hope that everyone will drink in moderation” said Laura E. Prather, managing principal of the Tampa, Fla. office of Jackson Lewis, which specializes in employment law. “And that never happens. ” She recalled one supervisor who overindulged in alcohol and loudly “gushed” to a subordinate about the outstanding performance review, raise and bonus she would get. Although the employee did get a bonus and raise, neither was for the maximum, Ms. Prather said. The supervisor’s comments at the party set unrealistic expectations and made another subordinate who was within earshot fear that he would fare poorly because the boss said nothing to him at the party about his performance, Ms. Prather said. Michael C. Schmidt, vice chairman of the labor and employment department at the law firm Cozen O’Connor, suggested that attendees be allowed a limited number of tickets for drinks. Experts also recommended having an early last call, offering vouchers for cab rides or serving a   punch. A survey by the Society for Human Resource Management  last year found that 59 percent of 385 human resources professionals surveyed said their organizations planned to serve alcohol. Ms. Hartman said managers can be enlisted to help supervise the festivities, noting that employees will take cues from their bosses. “If you’re the president of the company, and you’re sliding down tables, your employees will too,” she said. “You need some adults in the room. ” As a human resources manager, she said she did not drink at the parties. “I’ll tell you honestly, I never had a good time, I never relaxed,” she said. “I wanted everyone else to have a good time, but also I had to be aware of what was going on. ” Employers should outline expectations for appropriate conduct in the invitations and send a reminder on the day of the event, Mr. Schmidt said. Employees need to understand that “just because it’s not being held in the four walls of the office setting, it does not translate into becoming the wild, wild West,” he said. The size of the company does not matter, he said, adding: “When you’re the small    shop, you think, ‘I’m not going to have these kinds of issues. It’s a small family atmosphere.’ And then when you’re a big corporation, you think, ‘We have H. R. and these things are not going to happen here. ’” Ms. Hartman said employees should be reminded that the party is a   event regardless of whether it is being held at the office or somewhere else. “It’s silly to say this, but when you don’t say anything, employees take it that they can go crazy,” she said. Remember, what happens at the party does not necessarily stay at the party. With the proliferation of smartphones and social media, there are more ways than ever to document and share bad behavior, which can permanently damage your reputation. Work the room and network. Arrive early. It might be the best opportunity to talk to senior managers while things are relatively quiet. Company parties are a place to introduce yourself to executives who will influence your work life, Mr. Challenger said. “You can’t just go into the office to meet your boss’s boss’s boss,’’ he said, “but at a party it’s very easy to do. ”",0
16382,TOP SECRET: THESE ARE ACTUALLY SOCIALIST COUNTRIES!,"[World socialist flag by Frankoko.] Andre Vltchek – from Moscow Itinerant Philosopher and Journalist Editor's Note Andre Vltchek’s analysis here points out important erosions of left activism, and left activists bear partial responsibility for the tumble into chaos. Hit critiques takes on extra bite in the context of the rise of racism and xenophobia, misogyny, and the crassest brutality, in the United States. It would do everyone well to wake up and carefully look at what is happening to the left. P eople all over the world are fed up with capitalism. They don’t always know how to formulate their aversions anymore (the result of a confusing ‘education’ and disinformation campaign pouring out of the West), but intuitively they are increasingly longing for socialism or even Communism; definitely for some humane, compassionate system based on social justice, kindness and anti-imperialist principles.
Such sentiments are everywhere, in countries as diverse as the Philippines and Bolivia, South Africa and Kirgizstan. 
The rulers and propagandists in the West are well aware of this ‘dangerous trend’, and they are trying to reverse it with increasing determination – even with brutal force. 
In the past, they used to simply try to fully ideologically discredit all socialist and Communist thoughts. Billions of dollars were spent on propaganda and disinformation, on ‘re-education’ of the masses in all corners of the globe, on targeted scholarships and tactics aimed at dividing the Left. This approach was successful, but only to a certain degree. All over the world, the leftist revolutionary ideas would lose some ground for a while, but then they would re-emerge again, often under some new labels and banners. 
Lately, the Empire has begun changing its strategy. Instead of trying to contain its main adversaries, it has decided to exterminate them ‘intellectually’ once and for all. And how better to do it than by what it always does the best – by spreading confusion, nihilism and chaos! 
* 
Instead of attacking socialism and Communism directly, the Empire has begun its massive campaign to discredit most of the countries that are being governed by left-wing governments and movements. This is of course by itself nothing new. What is ‘innovative’ is that this time Western propaganda has actually began arguing that the anti-imperialist countries are essentially not left wing at all, that they are more capitalist than the West itself, that they are ‘anti-people’, and sometimes even fascist. 
New derogatory and thoroughly grotesque terms like ‘state capitalism’ have been invented and put to destructive work. These terms have then been repeated so often that they have become normalized, and eventually been adopted by the Western ‘soft left’, the liberal media and academia, as well as by the countless ‘progressive’ but anti-Communist movements – including anarchists. 
While I was told by some of the greatest revolutionary figures like Eduardo Galeano and Pramoedya Ananta Toer, that it is time for ‘un-dusting the old flags and symbols’ (and they were clearly talking about the socialist and Communist ones), the Western official propaganda and much of the Western ‘left’ were busy spreading their vitriolic but contagious doctrines that ‘the labels’ should be once and for all declared obsolete. “I don’t want to be part of any political party or any movement”, one hears increasingly from millions of couch and cafe revolutionaries in cities like London or Paris. “I don’t like to be labeled”. Or typically so in those places: “I have my own mind”. 
Except where there are no structures, no strong organization, no labels or flags, there can be no true victory. 
But who cares about victory? Soon it became clear that the ‘progressive’ Western ‘opposition’ was not truly seeking to take power or to implement real revolutionary changes. It wanted to ‘improve things at home’, instead of abolishing the entire monstrous world order. It felt cozy and comfortable being a toothless discussion club, hating everything that was truly fighting, risking life while trying to stop imperialism and the Empire from devouring the Planet. 
Thus was born the grand quiet alliance of the Western establishment (the Empire), the liberals and of those undefined (or of loosely defined) movements like the anarchists. It was directly antagonistic to almost all the countries where the Left was by now holding power. It ‘distrusted’ leading revolutionary figures. Needless to say – the criticism of the world revolutions has been based strictly on Western liberal values and doctrines. 
Those countries that decided to face the Western Empire were generally labeled as un-democratic, as being arch violators of human rights. Socialist nations became the main target of the propaganda. Their every move has been scrutinized, each error blown out of proportion. Grotesquely, the West was, as mentioned above, now criticizing them for ‘not being socialist enough, or socialist at all’. It is because the demagogues in London, New York and Paris knew perfectly well that socialism, even Communism, is once again, for many people all over the world a great asset, not liability. 
In the meantime, millions of ‘purists’ from the pseudo-Left in the West got engaged in endless and pointless theoretical debates about what was or not true socialism and Communism. 
“Is socialism, the Chinese way, truly socialism?” they are repeating, like parrots, all over Europe and North America. “Is Russia socialist at all, or is it governed by a strongman and by a bunch of selfish oligarchs?” And of course: “How socialist are countries like Iran or South Africa?” 
The verdict of the purists is always extremely stern. Almost nobody manages to survive the scrutiny! The purists in the West don’t hold power, and it is apparent that they don’t really want to. They bark. They philosophize. They throw sticks into the wheels of those who are truly and determinedly fighting for a better world. They ridicule the revolutions and any powerful left-leaning state. 
Victorious and actively militant anti-imperialist governments and nations make them feel irrelevant, obsolete, embarrassing. 
And the Empire knows it. It understands. It uses the soft Western left against the arch socialist and Communist enemies. 
It is using soft left effectively because it is selfish, cowardly and it lacks discipline. But above all, because it is self enamored. 
* 
And so, in great unison with the Western Empire’s palace propagandists, the soft Western anti-Communist ‘left’ is arguing that the governing Left all over the world is not really true left, that the countries that call themselves socialist are in fact more capitalist than the West, and the world can only be saved by some extremely vaguely defined and abstract system of collective production means (unrealistic and utopian, as nowhere except in the West and in a handful of countries inhabited by European descendants, like Argentina, would such concepts be supported by the masses). 
The new alliance is against China, Russia, South Africa, North Korea, Venezuela, Cuba, Syria, Iran, Eritrea; it is basically against all countries that are still opting for an independent, anti-imperialist course. 
All these countries are ‘wrong’. All of them are brutally ‘oppressing their people’ and in almost all of them the local ‘oligarchs are more brutal than in the West’. 
You look closer, and it’s all manipulation and lies, or at best half-truths. However, ‘falsehoods repeated a thousand times have a tendency of becoming the truth’, as an ‘icon’ of German Nazism explained many decades ago. And so it goes… 
Fabrications are sinking deeper and deeper into the sub-conscience of the people, in the West but also in countries that are being targeted. Nobody dares to protest, to scream loudly: “Nonsense! These countries are actually socialist!” 
What eyes are seeing and what the brains are conditioned to ‘conclude’ are suddenly two thoroughly different things. 
The strategy of the Western Empire is clear: it makes things thoroughly confused, too complex to understand, lacking in transparency. 
“Capitalist China, right-wing Russia, anti-black South Africa, state-capitalist Venezuela, monolithic and Fascist DPRK. Who would want to follow their examples? Better to accept the familiar Western fundamentalist capitalism and imperialism”. That’s what the world is being maneuvered into thinking. 
Brilliant indoctrination strategy! Except… Red flags, fresh from being washed, are proudly waving all over the world, once again. In China and Russia, in South Africa and in so many other places, people are proudly returning to the old labels. 
Not everyone can understand, anymore, but many are still able too feel, instinctively, and as a result of these basic human impulses, a violent clash between depressing deceit and simple human desires and dreams will soon become imminent. 
Originally published by NEO . 
Andre Vltchek Philosopher, novelist, filmmaker and investigative journalist, Andre Vltchek has covered wars and conflicts in dozens of countries. Three of his latest books are revolutionary novel “Aurora” and two bestselling works of political non-fiction: “ Exposing Lies Of The Empire ” and “ Fighting Against Western Imperialism ” . View his other books here . Andre is making films for teleSUR and Al-Mayadeen. After having lived in Latin America, Africa and Oceania, Vltchek presently resides in East Asia and the Middle East, and continues to work around the world. He can be reached through his website and his Twitter . 
PLEASE COMMENT AND DEBATE DIRECTLY ON OUR FACEBOOK GROUP INSTALLATION Note to Commenters Due to severe hacking attacks in the recent past that brought our site down for up to 11 days with considerable loss of circulation, we exercise extreme caution in the comments we publish, as the comment box has been one of the main arteries to inject malicious code. Because of that comments may not appear immediately, but rest assured that if you are a legitimate commenter your opinion will be published within 24 hours. If your comment fails to appear, and you wish to reach us directly, send us a mail at: editor@greanvillepost.com 
We apologize for this inconvenience. =SUBSCRIBE TODAY! NOTHING TO LOSE, EVERYTHING TO GAIN.= free • safe • invaluable If you appreciate our articles, do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. It’s free and it implies no obligation to you— ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Greanville Post several times a week. [email-subscribers namefield=”YES” desc=”” group=”Public”] Nauseated by the Had enough of their lies, escapism, omissions and relentless manipulation?",0
16383,October Surprise! This Is Bad! Wow! Listen: Bill Clinton Tells Alleged Mistress to Deny He Got Her State Job (Video) | Alternative,"(Before It's News) King of Shambhala
also see here for me…. I belong to an old Norwegian aristocratic ROYAL family including Count Tolstoy (Leon Tolstoy, the famous Anarchist theorician inspired the Russian Revolution but at the same time was the scion of the Chernigov Princes – 11th cent. – by far the oldest Russian royalty) , Henrik Ibsen, Papal and Royal Chamberlains, many Members of the Royal Household, (Mistresses of the Robe) barons and counts, ambassadors. All those who fail to heed heaven’s voice (the lottery draw of 666 below) will be thrown into hell in the end times says the Bible. Well, heaven has spoken. On the day after Obama’s election the lottery in his homestate drew 666. The 666 lottery-draw also reveals that Obama’s Mark of 666 means his money. Check the lottery numbers in Obama’s homestate here : the Pick 3 of Nov 5, 2008 was 666, less than 24 hours after Obama’s election!! Because I’m alone in revealing the lottery draw of 666, the Mark of the Beast that everybody knows is the Antichrist, that makes me the Messiah and Jesus’ Second Coming . Tibetan Tantric Buddhism is the highest form of culture in the world and I follow it’s Kalachakra creed. Buddhism and Hinduism never carried out war like Christianity and Islam (That’s the worst thing existing in the world.) I’m working on revealing myself and my message to the world fast now so the Apocalypse blows. My message of truth and that shows the way, must be revealed not only here at BIN (the only place in the world where speech is free), but worldwide! The lying Antichrist Camp is infesting my articles with trolling from such criminal orgs as “Organizing for Action” so don’t follow anyone opposing me here!
CAUGHT ON TAPE: Bill Clinton Tells Alleged Mistress to Deny He Got Her State Job
NEW YORK – Speaking in a series of recorded phone conversations in 1991 with his alleged mistress Gennifer Flowers, Bill Clinton can be heard telling Flowers to deny that he aided her in obtaining a state job. “If they ever asked if you’d talked to me about it, you can say no,” Clinton can be heard saying in the audio.
Listen to the audio here:
Clinton was referring to news media inquiries about Flowers’ alleged affair with Clinton and Flowers’ concern that the media could raise questions about how she landed her job as administrative assistant for the Arkansas Appeal Tribunal.
Clinton can also be heard advising Flowers on how to handle a grievance filed by a woman who applied for the same position and alleged that she was more qualified that Flowers. The complainant implied that Flowers was only hired because of her alleged relationship with Clinton.
 From December 1990 to December 1991, Flowers famously recorded a series of conversations with Clinton during the period he was Governor of Arkansas and considering a run for the presidency.
On October 1991, Clinton announced his bid for the Oval Office, with rumors of extramarital affairs threatening to derail his campaign.
Flowers recently provided this reporter with complete original cassette recordings of her taped conversations with Clinton, recordings that take on renewed significance as the issue of Clinton’s alleged treatment of women has reemerged during the 2016 presidential campaign.
The sections of the audio recordings related to the state job are not exclusive to Breitbart News. Those excerpts were played for the news media in 1992, one day after Bill and Hillary Clinton appeared side by side on 60 Minutes , where Bill denied a relationship with Flowers.
Clinton later admitted to one sexual encounter with Flowers in a 1998 deposition for the Paula Jones lawsuit.
The audio segments about the state job were widely reported by the news media in the 1990’s. However, the details may warrant revisiting amid numerous Clinton financial scandals that have since surfaced alleging pay-for-play, including those tied to the Clinton Foundation and Clinton Global Initiative.
In one section of the audio, which can be heard above, Flowers discusses the grievance filed against her and informs Clinton that she was being questioned about how she obtained the position.
Clinton says “Good for you,” when Flowers tells him that she found out about the job from a newspaper advertisement and pursued it from there.
Here is a transcript of that part of the audio:
GF – But anyway, then Wednesday, there was a grievance filed in my office when I got the job by a girl who felt like she should have gotten it, a black girl named (deleted). And they called me as a witness. So I go in and uh, nothing big came of it. It’s just that they were questioning me about how I found out about the job. And I said, “Well, that personnel said it that it was a possibility there would be a position,” and then uh, “they told me that it would be advertised in the newspaper. And it was and I pursued it from there.
BC – Good for you.
GF – Well, it caught me off guard ‘cause I… at first I just didn’t know… I just didn’t expect that for some reason. I thought about a whole lot of things about my qualifications and all that business, but I didn’t think about that.
BC – Yeah.
In the next section of the audio, Flowers expresses concern that the news media, which was asking her questions about the alleged affair, could find out about the state job.
GF: Yeah. We had a little bit of a scare recently because she had a spot on an X-ray. And she went and had it checked again and it wasn’t cancer. And it’s been almost, it’ll be two years in May that she’s now diagnosed cancer free. My stepfather has been through two angioplasties, but he’s doing good. And I am, I’m really, Bill what I’m afraid of is that if somebody in the press finds out that I’m working for the state.
BC – Yeah.
GF – They’re going to make a big deal of it.
BC – Yeah.
In a subsequent conversation, Clinton specifically counsels Flowers to say “no” if she is asked about whether she discussed the state job with him.
Here is a transcript:
GF – Well the only thing that concerns me, where I’m, where I’m concerned at this point is the state job.
BC – Yeah. I never thought about that, but as long as you say you’ve just been looking for one, you’d uh, check on it. If they ever asked if you’d talked to me about it, you can say no.
GF – Well and I would. But I’m… here is the thing I’ve got to consider, too, is I’ve gotta go in there to work every day. You know what I mean?
BC – Yep.
GF – And if, and if these people start talking or someone in the press…
BC – Well, have they been nice to you there?
GF – Yeah they have been. But I don’t, you know, I mean, I just want you to know what’s going on. And I’ll be glad to hang in there.
BC – Has the, has the…
GF – But if it gets real…
BC – Has the grievance committee ruled yet?
GF – No. Not that I am aware of. Uh, I forget the guy’s name that appeared to be the head of it. Dudley or Dewey. Is there a Dudley or a Dewy or somebody? Do you know?
BC – I don’t know.
GF – Don Barnes was there. And of course…
BC – Is he happy with you?
GF – Well sure. (Laughter.) I’m good. I’m good at what I do, Bill.
BC – I know.
GF – But Don was, you know. He… He pretty much… When this guy was trying to beat up on me a little, said, “hey, I don’t see the relevance of this” and dadada. And then the head of the grievance committee said “I don’t either and I think we need to go on and you know go, not go along with this line of questioning.” And then that was about it except for just some other minor questions. But I found that curious that he would ask me how I found out about the job.
BC – Yeah.
GF – Now maybe at this point I’m paranoid but I mean no one has mentioned anything about it to me at all but I just found that, that I found interesting.
BC – Yeah.
In another conversation, Clinton tells Flowers that he will “nose around” to see if he can find out more about the issue, and he asked her whether the person who filed the grievance was being represented by a lawyer.
BC – Alright. I’m gonna nose around, if I find out anything I’ll call you. And meanwhile, uh, I can understand this grievance thing. I’ll, I’ll run that down.
GF – Well I don’t think there’ll be any problem there from what I understand, you know, that her deal was to either have my job or for them to create a position equal to mine.
BC – Uh huh.
GF – But it’s my understanding that then it’ll go to… even if they say yes, created position for her.
BC – Uh huh.
GF – That’s the same as Gennifer’s. Don Barnes can always say, “No, I won’t” and period. That’s it.
BC – That’s right. I mean that’s my understanding. So…
BC- Yeah. And then she could sue, but I doubt if she will. Was she there with a lawyer or a representative of any kind?
GF – She had a guy that works for the tribunal represent her which I thought was very inappropriate.
BC – Uh huh. Well, I guess maybe they do that for people…
Contacted yesterday by Breitbart News, Flowers explained why she says she turned to Clinton for help securing the state job.
She stated:
I found out my Mom had cancer and decided I wanted a regular job so I would have my weekends to spend with her. I was performing six nights a week and wouldn’t of had time. I asked to get me the job and he did.
In her deposition for the Paula Jones case, Flowers detailed Clinton’s alleged involvement in helping her secure the state job.
Here is her affidavit on that matter:
In early 1990 I told Bill Clinton that I wanted a job with the state. Bill Clinton told me to contact his assistant Judy Gaddy who would assist me with the application for employment. I met with Judy Gaddy in her office and she provided me with the details of what needed to be on the application. Judy Gaddy also told me to contact Clara Clark who set up a job interview for me. I was eventually employed by the state as an administrative assistant for the Arkansas Appeal Tribunal.
Shortly after I was employed by the state, another woman who had applied for my job filed a grievance or some sort of complaint in which she alleged that she was more qualified and implied that the only reason I got the job was because I had had an affair with Bill Clinton. I was called to testify before a panel in connection with this proceeding. When I learned that I would have to testify, I did not know what to do, so I called Bill Clinton. I told him that I had been called to testify and asked what I should say. He told me to deny that we had ever had an affair. During the proceeding, when questions came up about my relationship to Bill, Don Barnes, his appointee and head of the commission, stopped the questioning.
In 1992, Michael Isikoff reported at the Washington Post that Clinton’s office admitted that it helped Flowers obtain the job in June 1991, while denying allegations that Flowers was Clinton’s mistress. Clinton’s office maintained that Clinton only helped Flowers because the politician felt bad that she was being hounded by the media over the sex allegations.
Isikoff reported:
Gov. Bill Clinton’s office said today that Clinton assigned a member of his staff to help Gennifer Flowers find a state job in September 1990 after she asked for his assistance.
Michael Gauldin, Clinton’s press secretary, also released two handwritten notes he said Flowers had written to Clinton. The first, in 1986, said she would appreciate his help in finding a job. The second, dated Feb. 23, 1991, complained that the assistant assigned to help her was not being very “successful.” …
Gauldin said Clinton was interested in helping her in part because he “felt responsible for all the women” who were being hounded by reporters after they were named in an unsuccessful 1990 lawsuit in which a state employee alleged the governor had used state funds in furtherance of extramarital affairs.
In the 1986 letter, Flowers enclosed a resume, said she “certainly enjoyed speaking with you by phone,” and said “anything you can do” to help with employment would be “appreciated.”
In the 1991 “Dear Bill” letter, Flowers complained that the staff aide Clinton assigned to the matter, special assistant Judy S. Caddy, “has not been very successful in the job hunting area.”
“Bill, I’ve tried to explain my financial situation to you and how badly I need a job,” Flowers wrote. She said she was enclosing “some correspondence that will be of interest to you” – a letter written by a lawyer she had hired threatening to sue a local radio station for repeating the 1990 allegations. The letter, which had previously been released by Clinton, said the allegations were untrue.
“Unfortunately, it looks like I will have to pursue the law suit to hopefully, get some money to live on until I can get employment,” Flowers ended the note. “Please be in touch.”
In 1998, the Washington Post again reported on the matter:
Flowers said her affair with Clinton had been over for at least a year but that about the time of the Nichols suit, she was looking for a job and turned to the governor.
Clinton agreed to help find her a position at an Arkansas state agency, Flowers said, and enlisted a political appointee named Don Barnes. Efforts to contact Barnes last night were unsuccessful.
“I don’t know Vernon Jordan, and I don’t know whether he is or is not telling the truth,” Flowers said. “But it reminds me of [1990] in regard to a position that Vernon Jordan supposedly arranged for Monica Lewinsky.”
Flowers was hired by the Arkansas Appeal Tribunal, a state agency, after an interview Barnes arranged and sat in on, according to Flowers’ 1995 written account of her relationship with Clinton.
http://www.scoopnest.com/user/TPoliticmanager/791321070535966720
Trump threatened Hillary with bringing on Gennifer Flowers last month to the debate.
Mike Pence Gennifer Flowers Wont Be at Debate Trump Was Just Mocking Clinton Camp
All Stories By King of Shambhala Click Here!",0
16384,"2 Reminders to Ignore the ""Trump is Doomed"" Polls","2 Reminders to Ignore the ""Trump is Doomed"" Polls   
We've recently had two object lessons in the worthlessness of the ""Trump is Doomed"" polling saga. A few days ago, the media was loudly trumpeting that Hillary's victory was inevitable, that the polls were in and she was going to ignore Trump and focus on building her administration and winning downticket races. And then, just like last time around, the numbers turned around again. 
I was recently asked to predict the race. I answered that the one thing I could predict is that the media will claim a landslide for Hillary right before the election. That much is very likely. 
It's in the media's interest to spread FUD by promoting polls that predict not just a Hillary win, but a landslide, creating the perception that voting is useless. The more Republicans feel that the outcome is futile, the less likely they will be to go out and vote. But the scandal polling numbers have a history of rebounding. This remains a challenging and very unusual election. 
The premature panic we've seen in some circles is unhealthy. We shouldn't completely ignore poll numbers, but neither should we treat them as inevitable. 
We've had two major lessons in why that's short sighted.",0
16385,What Is a Constant Cycle of Violent News Doing to Us? - The New York Times,"It has been a rough year. By now, our violence is down to a pattern, and there is a choreography to our reactions. A killer seeks out a nightclub, a church, an airport, a courthouse, a protest. Someone is shot on video, sometimes by the police, and marchers fill the streets. An attack is carried out in France, America, Turkey, Bangladesh, Lebanon, Tunisia, Nigeria, and then claimed and celebrated by a radical terror group. Our phones vibrate with news alerts. The talking heads fill air over cable news captions that shout “breaking news” in red. Rumors and misinformation abound. The comments erupt on Twitter, Facebook and news sites. Journalists create multimedia stories that focus on videos, photos and graphic accounts from victims and witnesses. The experts give interviews, and the latest tools of immediacy are put to use. After thedeadly terror attack in Nice, France, The Times invited grief counselors to be interviewed on Facebook Live. Within days, attention had turned to a shooting in Baton Rouge that left three law enforcement officers dead. So, what is this doing to us?  It depends on the individual, but living in a digitally linked world where broadcasts of violence are instantaneous and almost commonplace means that many of us are becoming desensitized, Anita   a psychologist in Washington, said Friday. “With the frequency of shootings and terror attacks there is a sense of anxiety that’s building in people,” she said, “a sense of vulnerability and powerlessness. ” Dr. Smith added: “There is a heightened alarm, but there can also be some desensitization that’s happening. ” The constant stream of news on social media can also be traumatic. A team of researchers at the University of Bradford in England told a British psychology conference last year that exposure to violent imagery on social media can cause symptoms that are similar to   stress disorder, defined as a persistent emotional reaction to a traumatic event that severely impairs one’s life. In an analysis conducted by the Bradford researchers, 189 participants were shown images and provided with stories of violent events, including the Sept. 11 attacks, school shootings and suicide bombings. The researchers’ analysis showed that 22 percent of those who participated were significantly affected by what they saw. The study also found that people who view violent events more often were more affected than people who saw them less frequently, and that people who described themselves as extroverts with outgoing personalities were at a higher risk to be disturbed by the images. What can we do about it?  The   advice hasn’t changed. It is natural to want to follow along with incremental updates on social media and in the news. But it’s important to know that this can heighten your anxiety. Anne Marie Albano, a clinical psychologist and the director of the Columbia University Clinic for Anxiety and Related Disorders, said in an interview after the 2015 Paris attacks that it might be a good idea to limit your exposure to social media. Designating times to plug into the news  —   checking Twitter in the morning over coffee, but not listening to the radio while driving your kids to school, for instance  —   can help you manage anxiety if you are feeling stressed. “This will help you balance a realistic and credible threat with information that is sensationalized,” Dr. Albano said, “or a rush to report something or talk about something that doesn’t have the impact that you would think it has. ” If you’re feeling anxiety about a possible attack, compare your fear with the facts.  When you fear the worst, it’s hard to remember that, say, a flight or a train ride has extraordinarily high odds of being safe. But you have to try. Humans are bad at assessing risk, Martin Seif, a psychologist who specializes in treating anxiety disorders and the fear of flying, said in an interview late last year. “Every single   technique is based on the premise that your reaction is out of proportion” to the likelihood of danger, Dr. Seif said. Also, remember to take a breath.  A guide to dealing with terrorism released by the Federal Bureau of Investigation encourages closing your eyes and taking deep breaths to feel calmer. Taking a walk or talking to a close friend can also help. The guide also recommends avoiding alcohol and drugs, exercising regularly and eating healthy foods  —   basic   guidelines that help reduce stress. Make sure you have a plan to contact your family if something happens, especially if cellular networks are overloaded or transportation is disrupted, but remember that you most likely will not need it, experts say. If you have children, the American Psychological Association recommends asking them how they are feeling about the news. Keep in mind that it is possible for children to be influenced by news reports and the adult conversations around them. Lastly, keep your daily routine.  Dr. Albano said that a primary worry in the field of psychology is people “going out of their way to be so safe that it shrinks their world. ” “Terrorists thrive on this kind of thing,” she added. “They want to see the population change their practices. ” Going out of your way to avoid interacting with strangers  —   by refusing to take mass transit, for example  —   can stoke fear and anxiety in children, she said. The best way to help children cope with acts of violence is to start by listening to them, Sean Rogers, a psychotherapist who works with children and teenagers, told The Times on his Facebook Live appearance. ”Listening is curative,” he said. “It is the basis of all therapies. ”",0
16386,Is News of Terror Attacks Underplayed? Experts Say No - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Margaret Thatcher famously declared that “we must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. ” In a speech 32 years ago, Mrs. Thatcher, the British prime minister facing a threat from the Irish Republican Army, said she was not calling for censorship but proposing that “a voluntary code of conduct” for journalists might keep them from aiding “the terrorists’ morale or their cause. ” It was a   statement of a familiar point, one made repeatedly in the decades since: that the news media plays a crucial role in amplifying the effect of terrorist violence and giving it exactly the political import the terrorists crave. So for some experts who study terrorism, President Trump’s assertion this week that the news media has actually been ignoring and covering up terrorist attacks came as a surprise. “It’s totally astonishing,” said Martha Crenshaw, a Stanford scholar who has written on terrorism since the 1970s. “It has no basis in fact whatsoever. The criticism has always gone the other way. ” Other experts said Mr. Trump’s claim had less to do with the facts about terrorism coverage than with the new administration’s political goals, notably defending his executive order that temporarily bans refugees and visitors from some Muslim countries. In the face of the onslaught of legal challenges and outspoken opposition to the order, they said, the president has an interest in persuading Americans that the terrorist threat from abroad is worse than the news media has revealed. Years of books and articles critiquing the “symbiosis” of terrorism and news media coverage have pointed out that terrorists usually seek to promote a political or ideological cause and use spectacular violence with the specific goal of attracting attention. News executives, while sometimes expressing mixed feelings about giving terrorists what they seek, have generally felt obligated to give such attacks ample coverage. “It’s incredible to say that the media does not give enough attention to terrorism,” said David C. Rapoport, a retired U. C. L. A. political science professor considered a founder of terrorism studies. He said modern global terrorism arose in the 1880s in Russia in parallel with, and partly owing to, the rise of mass daily newspapers. In the United States since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, even failed terrorist plots often have drawn saturation coverage  —   think of the fizzled   underwear bomb on a   airliner on Christmas Day 2009 or the S. U. V.   to blow up that produced only smoke in Times Square on a May night in 2010. Though no target was harmed, both attempts drew mountains of coverage, much of it focused on how terrorists went undetected. But in an appearance Monday at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Fla. Mr. Trump reviewed the horrors of more recent attacks, including those inspired or directed by the Islamic State, and pronounced the coverage inadequate. “Radical Islamic terrorists are determined to strike our homeland as they did on   as they did from Boston to Orlando to San Bernardino,” he said at the headquarters of Central Command, which carries out military operations in the Middle East. “All over Europe it’s happening. It’s gotten to a point where it’s not even being reported and, in many cases, the very, very dishonest press doesn’t want to report it. They have their reasons, and you understand that. ” The president did not explain the reasons he believed journalists might have for not reporting Islamist terrorism. But in response to a wave of skeptical comment, the White House on Monday night released a list of 78 attacks around the world since September 2014. “Most have not received the media attention they deserved,” the accompanying statement said. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, stood by the point on Tuesday, though adjusting the language. “It’s becoming too often that we’re seeing these attacks not get the spectacular attention that they deserve,” he said. “And I think it undermines the understanding of the threat that we face around this country. ” It was a subjective judgment only a dozen of the 78 listed attacks occurred in the United States, and most resulted in few or no deaths, reducing their prominence in American news reports. The list omitted terrorist attacks by   including white supremacists like Dylann S. Roof, who killed nine   at a Charleston, S. C. church in 2015. But news databases show virtually all 78 attacks got some coverage, and the big attacks in Paris Brussels Boston San Bernardino, Calif. and Orlando, Fla. played out for days or weeks on cable television and news sites. Peter D. Feaver, a political scientist at Duke who studies public opinion on national security issues, said he saw no basis for the White House claims. “I don’t think there’s evidence of the press underreporting terrorism,” he said. “The corporate incentives run the other way. ” But Mr. Feaver, who served in the George W. Bush White House but publicly opposed Mr. Trump during the presidential campaign, said the president’s remarks, if not literally true, nonetheless play out in a larger, partisan debate about terrorism. Democrats sometimes accused the Bush administration of exaggerating the terrorist threat. Republicans often charged President Barack Obama of minimizing the danger and embellishing his own successes against Al Qaeda. By suggesting that the news media is hiding the truth about the menace from “radical Islamic terrorists,” Mr. Trump may rally his base behind the executive order and other measures still to come. Mr. Spicer suggested as much, saying the executive order and the president’s remarks in Tampa have the same motive: “because he cares about making sure that we don’t have attacks in this country, that we’re protected. ” Mr. Trump wants Americans, he said, to “understand the unwavering commitment that the president has and the actions that he will take to keep the country safe. ” Preventing terrorist attacks is, of course, a goal that is pretty much universally shared. But Mr. Trump’s loose relationship with facts, and his eagerness to fault journalists and judges, make some think he has a less lofty goal as well: to find scapegoats for terrorist attacks that sooner or later are certain to happen. “  blame,” said Ms. Crenshaw, the Stanford terrorism researcher. “Nothing’s happened. But if something does happen, he can blame the judiciary and the news media. ”",0
16387,TRUMP CAMPAIGN being sued for humiliating Skittles candy by comparing it to Syrian Muslim infiltrators,"TRUMP CAMPAIGN being sued for humiliating Skittles candy by comparing it to Syrian Muslim infiltrators It was a campaign ad that ignited a firestorm: Donald Trump Jr. tweeted a photo of a bowl of skittles and compared the colorful candy to Syrian jihadists posing as refugees. Now, the man who took the photo is suing Donald Trump, Donald Trump Jr., and vice-presidential nominee Mike Pence for copyright infringement. Liberals accused the tweet of being insenstive, racist, and a micro-agression which forced them to seek shelter in the nearest safe room. CBC David Kittos, an expert photographer and former Cypriot refugee, says he never gave permission and never would give permission for his photo to be used in the ad. “The image, the way it was used is reprehensible,” said Kittos from his home in Surrey, England, in an interview with CBC News. “It’s ignoring the plight of the refugees and it’s completely unacceptable that someone who was born into privilege would steal my picture and use it to make this political point.” Kittos says when he first saw the tweet, he was “in shock.” He explains he took the photo in 2010 as an experiment using artificial lighting and posted it on Flickr . “I just couldn’t believe my humble picture of some Skittles would just be used by someone so powerful.” Kittos says his lawyer reached out to the Trump campaign to discuss the matter but got no response. So he reported a copyright violation to Twitter, and about a week after it was posted his Skittles photo was removed from Trump Jr.’s tweet. Even though his photo is no longer connected to the ad, Kittos decided to file a lawsuit at a federal court in Illinois. He says he wants to ensure the Trump campaign never uses the work again. As well, he wants to spread the message that “they can’t go around stealing from authors like myself. They’re not above the law.” The Trump campaign told CBC News it’s not commenting on the case at this time. Back in September, Trump Jr. defended the tweet. “I am surprised by the reaction simply because it is a metaphor for risk,” he said at a campaign stop in Boise, Idaho. Trump’s election campaign has called for “extreme vetting” of immigrants to the U.S., especially Muslims, to help weed out anyone who could be a danger to American citizens. While Trump’s position is popular with some Americans, his eldest son’s tweet ignited outrage on social media. “Sorry kid. For all we know you could be a poisonous Skittle,” someone tweeted along with a well-known photo of an injured and bloodied young Syrian boy. “The stupidity ensues,” commented another person. Even the Skittles owner, Mars, Inc., weighed in. “Skittles are candy. Refugees are people,” tweeted Denise Young, vice-president of corporate affairs. Kittos is seeking yet to be determined damages as part of the lawsuit. But he says he’s not in it for the money (sure he isn’t) and would have settled a for a public apology. Because that didn’t happen, he says he’s pursuing the lawsuit because “it’s the right thing to do.”",0
16388,Endangered animals ‘guilty of poor financial planning’,"Endangered animals ‘guilty of poor financial planning’ 27-10-16 THE loss of two-thirds of the earth’s wild animals in the next four years has been blamed on their refusal to earn and save money. Animals from elephants to salamanders are expected to die out completely by 2020, which is widely supposed to be because they have not worked hard enough. Stephen Malley of Hitchin said: “Habitat being wiped out? Tough all over mate. “I got priced out of Walthamstow so I moved up here, started a Bargain Booze franchise, coining it. You’ve got to be adaptable. “But your gorillas just sit on their arses never thinking about where the next tract of primary rainforest is coming from.” Primary school teacher Susan Traherne agreed: “Since 2008 I’ve been on a tracker mortgage for low interest, but now I’m on a fixed rate in case they go up. “The endangered Panamanian golden frog should take a leaf out of my book and plan for changing circumstances, or he’s got nobody but himself to blame.” Mountain gorilla Tom Logan said: “Fair enough, I made some mistakes, I’m holding my hands up.” 
Share:",0
16389,Nadejda Savtchenko revient à Moscou. Dans quel but?,"(mis à jour 19:05 26.10.2016) URL courte 15 2043 16 4 L’égérie ukrainienne Nadejda Savtchenko, libérée en mai dernier après deux ans de détention en Russie, y est revenue pour la première fois mercredi, alors que cela pourrait la faire accuser de haute trahison à son retour en Ukraine. 
Connue pour sa position intransigeante, Nadejda Savtchenko, députée de la Rada suprême (parlement) d'Ukraine, est venue à Moscou pour le procès en appel de ses compatriotes Stanislav Klykh et Mykola Karpiouk, qui se déroule à la Cour suprême de Russie, annonce sur Twitter Ilia Novikov, avocat de ces derniers. © Sputnik. Mikhail Voskresensky Nadejda Savtchenko revient à Moscou « Ces deux Ukrainiens ont été condamnés en mai à plus de 20 ans de prison par un tribunal de Tchétchénie pour avoir combattu contre les forces russes lors de la guerre dans cette république du Caucase dans les années 1990 », rappelle M. Novikov. 
La pilote militaire de 35 ans, qui purgeait une peine de 22 ans de prison en Russie pour avoir, selon des accusations qu'elle rejette, fourni à l'armée ukrainienne la position de deux journalistes de la télévision publique russe tués par un tir de mortier en juin 2014, a étééchangée fin mai contre deux Russes et a pu rentrer à Kiev, où elle a été accueillie en héroïne. Depuis, elle a fait de la libération des Ukrainiens détenus en Russie sa priorité. © Sputnik. Mikhail Palinchak Savtchenko bientôt à la tête d’une nouvelle révolution en Ukraine? « Même si je ne reviens pas vivante de Russie, j'irai quand même soutenir Mykola Karpiouk, Stanislav Klykh et tous nos gars qui restent en captivité en Russie et luttent pour l'Ukraine », a déclaré Nadejda Savtchenko, dans une vidéo publiée sur sa page Facebook. 
Quoi qu'il en soit, selon les sources kiéviennes du journal russe Kommersant, l'arrivée de Mme Savtchenko à Moscou n'est en réalité qu'un élément d'une campagne d'envergure lancée contre le président ukrainien Piotr Porochenko par différentes forces politiques, notamment par Ioulia Timochenko, ex-première ministre du pays et chef du groupe parlementaire Batkivchtchina. 
Un député du bloc de Piotr Porochenko à la Rada a estimé dans un entretien avec le quotidien russe que Mme Savtchenko comptait s'entendre avec les autorités russes sur la libération du journaliste Roman Souchtchenko, arrêté pour espionnage en Russie, et d'autres ressortissants ukrainiens emprisonnés ou attendant leurs procès dans ce pays. « En cas de réussite, Mme Timochenko qui compte Nadejda Savtchenko parmi les membres de son groupe parlementaire, pourra accuser le président d'incapacitéà défendre les Ukrainiens emprisonnés en Russie. Et son parti Batkivchtchina insistera encore plus sur une élection présidentielle anticipée », a déclaré l'interlocuteur de Kommersant. © Sputnik. Eugene Kotenko Seuls 19,5% des Ukrainiens prêts à réélire le président Porochenko 
Et d'ajouter que l'entourage du chef de l'État avait très mal réagi à la visite de Mme Savtchenko en Russie, pays agresseur. « Nous ne croyons pas une seule minute que Mme Savtchenko se soit rendue en Russie sans avoir reçu des garanties préalables de sa non-arrestation à la frontière », a indiqué la source du journal russe. 
Néanmoins, Dimitri Peskov, porte-parole du président russe, a déclaré que l'arrivée de Nadejda Savtchenko n'avait pas été concertée avec le Kremlin, cela n'étant « pas nécessaire ». « Toute la procédure juridique concernant Mme Savtchenko a été remplie. Elle peut à tout moment entrer en Russie et en sortir. Il n'y a rien à commenter là-dessus », a expliqué aux journalistes M. Peskov. 
On apprend que le chef adjoint du groupe Front populaire à la Rada Iouri Bereza a déjà exigé que, suite au voyage de Nadejda Savtchenko à Moscou, on lui ferme l'accès aux secrets d'État, en l'excluant du Comité de sécurité nationale. 
Suivez Sputnik sur Telegram pour ne jamais manquer les actualités les plus importantes grâce à nos sélections du matin et du soir. Pour recevoir les actualités de notre chaîne, il suffit de télécharger l'application Telegram sur n'importe quel smartphone, tablette ou ordinateur puis cliquer sur le lien et appuyer sur « Join » ...",0
16390,"IN BRITAIN, Paki Muslim sex traffickers who rape and pimp out young white children go free but Christians who throw bacon at a mosque get thrown in jail","BNI Store Nov 2 2016 IN BRITAIN, Paki Muslim sex traffickers who rape and pimp out young white children go free but Christians who throw bacon at a mosque get thrown in jail Two British men have been jailed for going to a mosque and throwing bacon at a Muslim man in what the sharia-compliant British officials call a ‘callous hate crime.’ There you go, Londoners, keep on electing Muslim politicians and soon you’ll be stoned to death for insulting Islam. Metro Piotr Czak-Zukowski was found with an empty packet of bacon in his pocket when he was searched by police officers after the incident. He and Mateusz Pawlikowski had confronted worshippers at the Al-Rahman Mosque in Crowndale Road, Kings Cross, north London on October 2. BACON BANDITS Mateusz Pawlikowski and Piotr Czak-Zukowski Pawlikowski, 22, of Wilton Road, in Muswell Hill, north London, swore at a man and threw a rasher of bacon towards him, and chucked more bacon on the floor of the prayer room. The pair fled but Pawlikowski was detained near the mosque and Czak-Zukowski, 28, of Sneath Avenue, in Brent Cross, north London, was found at Camden Lock. Both men admitted criminal damage and a religiously aggravated public order offence last month. They were jailed for eight months at Blackfriars Crown Court. DC Tracey McMath, from the Camden Community Safety Unit, said: ‘The defendants showed a complete disregard for the faith and belief of others in this callous and highly offensive incident; and I hope their convictions highlight that we will not tolerate hate crime in any form.",0
16391,"World War 3, Information War, and the End of Pax Americana: Exclusive Interview with Eduard Popov","November 5, 2016 - Fort Russ Exclusive -  Interview and translation by Jafe Arnold (J. Arnoldski) -  



Eduard Popov, born in 1973 in Konstantinovka, Donetsk region, is a Rostov State University graduate with a PhD in history and philosophy. In 2008, he founded the Center for Ukrainian Studies of the Southern Federal University of Russia in Rostov-on-Don. From 2009-2013, he was the founding head of the Black Sea-Caspian Center of the Russian Institute for Strategic Studies, an analytical institute of the Presidential Administration of Russia. In June 2014, Popov headed the establishment of the Representative Office of the Donetsk People's Republic in Rostov-on-Don. He has actively participated in humanitarian aid efforts in Donbass and has been a guest contributor to various Donbass media, such as the Lugansk-based  Cossack Media Group.  Popov has actively contributed to Fort Russ since June, 2016. 
*** 
Fort Russ Special Editor Jafe Arnold: Dr. Popov, for nearly half a year already, you have regularly submitted your commentary on global events to Fort Russ. You’ve covered a number of topics ranging from European politics and the war in Donbass to the possibility of a Third World War breaking out over Syria and the future of Ukraine and Ukrainian nationalism. Before we begin discussing a number of related questions, what would you like to say to your readers at Fort Russ?  
Dr. Eduard Popov:    I consider the rare and somewhat unexpected honor to address you, dear readers of the wonderful analytical site Fort Russ, to be some kind of reward for my future contributions. I see this not as a right, but as a sacred duty of the author before his readers. 

We live in different countries, speak different languages, and share different (ranging from more or less similar to diametrically opposite) worldviews and political opinions. Nevertheless, to some extent, we are all like-minded. The common denominator for all of us is the strong belief that the world is multifaceted and cannot be reduced to only one correct doctrine.  
The history of mankind has seen and will probably still see more than a few attempts at organizing an ideological and political monopoly. The ideology of the American New World Order that claims universality and all-inclusiveness is nothing original and not even clever. As a historian of political ideologies, revolutionary communism in its Trotskyite and Khrushchevite variants also immediately comes to mind, which also claimed for itself the role of ending world history.  
But the era of American domination over the world awaits its finale and is maybe more imminent than many of us expect. I see my own personal mission as an author at Fort Russ to help prepare this finale, which depends on the efforts of every one of us.  
Restoring the violated principle of national sovereignty instead of the idea of one nation’s global domination, restoring the ‘blooming complexity’ of the world’s cultures instead of an imposed and dull liberal “post-culture”, and affirming solid moral principles instead of immoral promiscuity - this is a sample program which is shared by the majority of humanity. Most of humanity is opposed to the dominant quasi-religion of American neoliberalism or, rather, the ideology of Pax Americana is opposed to the majority of humanity.  
The events in the former Ukraine and Donbass have become some of the reference points determining each of our’s moral position. People from different countries and with opposing political views, from ultra-right to ultra-left, have expressed support for the people of Donbass. And I am very grateful to Fort Russ for constantly striving to present the truth of these events. I’ve had the opportunity to personally observe the astonishing events in Donbass, and I can say that Donbass’ fate is still far from sealed. Together, we are contributing to a more just alternative not only for Donbass, but for all of humanity.  
    Eduard Popov (left), DPR representative in Rostov-on-Don, with Moscow DPR representatives 
Arnold: In this context, how do you assess the state of the ongoing global information war? Are resources like Fort Russ helping to turn the tide against the Atlanticist narrative or “Pax Americana”? Is bringing together such “like-minded people” the main goal of this information war?   
Popov: It’s difficult for me to assess the state of the whole front of the information war - I don’t possess complete information and don’t consider myself a specialist in this sphere. I’m simply a political analyst and historian specializing in some topics that are relevant in today’s world.  
Nevertheless, I have no doubt as to the benefit that “new media” brings to the resistance movement. Let me explain these terms. New media means independent publications that do not legally fall under the category of media, but fulfill the same function. This applies to different websites and groups on social media. The “resistance movement” (I don’t think the origin of the term needs to be explained) is a synonym for anti-globalism or, as has become fashionable to say now, the anti-mainstream.   
If De Gaulle’s movement fought against the Nazi occupation of France with weapons in hand, then today’s fighters of the resistance fight mainly with information against an occupant operating not so much with direct physical violence as with distanced coercion, i.e., informational, psychological, economic, and political force, etc.  
Can it be said that the fight against this new occupation is more difficult? As a historian by education and a philosopher (my doctoral dissertation was on the political philosophy of conservatism), I believe that the world has now arrived at the complete breaking point of one historical epoch and the beginning of another. Perhaps it wouldn’t be so wrong to compare the current era with the era of the collapse of the Roman Empire, first and foremost because ahead of us is most likely a dark ages comparable to the early Middle Ages, and a new Great Migration of peoples. Of course, not everything is the same, but I won’t focus on this now. I’ll just say that there are not too many reasons for historical optimism.  
Resources such as Fort Russ have taken on the extremely important mission of speaking the truth in an epoch of great lies. “Big” official publications in Europe are filled with lies. And this is not only my opinion. All the thinking, honest europeans with whom I’ve discussed the situation of the press in ‘united Europe’ also think so. Hence why, as my friends in European countries have noted, independent media has a growing circle of readership. In my opinion, this trend is a long-term one.  
As for what I believe is necessary to concentrate efforts on, the first step has already been done. The minimum social anti-mainstream has been formed in Europe. This has been done primarily thanks to the efforts of the independent press. But in my opinion, the task fulfilled at this first stage has goals primarily centered around negation, i.e., proving what is wrong and dangerous in globalism.  
The anti-mainstream wields an unusually rich diversity of worldviews and ideological shades ranging from Marxism to certain currents of fascism to even clerical monarchism. Why not use this methodological richness for forming a united, anti-globalist intellectual front? Then we can proceed to solve constructive tasks, such as discussing the foundations of a future, more just world order.  
In no case should the resistance movement identify as marginals - this is precisely how the “Ministry of Truth” tries to present it. If a number of new media take on the mission of creating platforms for intellectual discussions with others, then this will undoubtedly become one of the main tasks of the information war. Even the leader of the Bolsheviks, Vladimir Lenin, spoke of a newspaper as a center not only of publications, but as a center for party work. I don’t know if the creators of new media have read Lenin, but they are acting according to his methodological precepts.  

Arnold:  A t the present moment, o ne of the centers of attention of the information war and what you called the “resistance” is the threat of a Third World War being unleashed by the US. Russian experts have different opinions on how realistic such a turn is. Considering that you say there is little reason to be historically optimistic, what do you think?   
Popov: The topic of WW3 is really actively being discussed in Russian expert circles, yet all the while has the status of some kind of fantasy. But as I said earlier, we are now witnessing the breaking point of not only a historical period (what Immanuel Wallerstein calls the American Century century lasting since 1945), but a change in historical epochs.  
This can be compared with the collapse of the Roman Empire or the collapse of the Middle Ages and the onset of the Modern Age. The Russian philosophers of the emigration in the 1920’s foresaw this shift of epochs and called it the New Middle Ages. Perhaps this was also an anticipation of fascism, which lasted a comparatively brief historical period.  
In my opinion, this also anticipates the New Middle Ages, but with only one necessary correction: this will be a new early Middle Ages, not the High Middle Ages of great Romano-Germanic culture which the Russian philosopher Konstantin Leontyev considered to be the highest achievement of humanity, but the “dark ages” that preceded it - barbarism, the plague, the collapse of the great ancient cultures, and the mass migration of peoples. A very vivid impression of these centuries is offered by the German epics (the genesis of the historical basis of the Nibelungenlied dates back to the dark ages and the invasion of Attila the Hun) and Scandinavian mythology, especially the tale of the death of the gods.  
This change of epochs is primarily being prepared on mental grounds. I believe that the conditions are ripe for this: the Western world has finally turned into a post-Christian and partially anti-Christian entity. It’s difficult for me to say whether Europe has enough life left in it to oppose the new onslaught of the Caliphate - I have in mind Muslim migration to the European continent and the expansion of Salafist networks. The answer is more likely no than yes.  
America is also going through very difficult times, although its difficulties are of an entirely different nature. Wallerstein long ago said that the age of American domination is coming to an end and will end with a grandiose crash. This conclusion is in a certain measure shared by the ideologist of Pax Americana, Brzezinski, who called to negotiate, not to prevent, but to slow down the collapse of the American Empire. 
The Americans have a very high level of strategic thought. Both times that America entered a world war on the European continent, it achieved grand strategic successes with very little blood shed (compared to the European Allies and Axis). There are many works that, substantiated by references to historical sources, show that the US stood behind the scenes of WW2 and pushed European rivals to war. The US entered the war as the most powerful economy on the planet and came out with the status of a superpower, the successor to the British Empire. The US’ GDP increased 10 times in only a few years. 
We can also see outstanding, though not as tremendous achievements of American geopolitics in WW1. Europe was gushing blood, but the United States profited from and became stronger because of the war between European competitors, even the British. Now that the age of the USA is coming to an end, they are faced with the threat of having to drastically reduce their appetites, busy themselves with overhauling renovations at home, and turn from the lord of the world into a first among equals.  
I am almost sure that the US will not go down the path of isolationism for psychological (the inertia of imperial power is very strong) and economic reasons. This means they will continue down the path of foreign expansion. 
Russia and China are becoming all the more stronger and independent rivals of the US. Russia is increasing its military power, while China is increasing its economic power, even though it should be noted that China and the US are vitally needed by each other as economic partners at the present stage. Meanwhile, Europe does not wield geopolitical subjectivity and remains the US’ junior partner, but this is threatening its overall economic and productive capacity which is surpassing the US.  
I’ll suggest an opinion and perhaps re-invent the wheel: the “Arab Spring” was sponsored by the Americans in order to organize a new great migration of peoples to Europe. In the long and even medium term, the Islamic World is not an ally of the US, but in the short term such an alliance is possible. American strategists are using the mixing of peoples and languages to greatly weaken their European competitors.  
Other tools are being used against China and Russia, and this toolbox is quite large. The Americans have attempted to wage a cheap war against Russia by creating a powerful protest movement against President Putin. Perhaps we can already say that this venture failed. The Russian people and other peoples of the Russian Federation, unlike their Ukrainian neighbors, wield historical and state wisdom and are ready to endure hardships in the face of an external enemy. This makes war almost inevitable. Time is working against the US and for Russia. 
By 2020 or 2025, the program of rearming the Armed Forces of Russia should be completed, and the economy is not in the best condition, but can still cope with crises. Therefore, I’ll repeat, war is an inevitable way out of the impasse.  
Will this be a real Third World War? In my opinion, this is unlikely. In one of my articles , I’ve already employed the notion of a “flank war.” The Americans are largely fighting by proxies - Polish, Ukrainian, and Muslim-Salafist ones, etc. The almost inevitable (in my opinion) victory of Hillary Clinton will add psychological motives to this war. What is entailed in this scenario? Two things: (1) the Russians and Americans will fight without the use of strategic nuclear weapons and on fronts far away from US shores - otherwise, the cure for the American Empire, war, would be worse than the disease; (2) I am sure that the American hegemon will be defeated in this war. And this offers the opportunity to begin to liberate Europe, and for Russia this means the opportunity to finally throw off the burdensome shackles of American tutelage.  


To be continued… 

     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
16392,Progress in Protecting Fetuses From Zika,"For the past 18 months, pregnant women have lived in fear as Zika, a virus they had never heard of, spread throughout much of the world leaving behind thousands of babies born with underdeveloped brains and other birth defects. Medical researchers are aggressively trying to develop a vaccine or treatment that is effective in stopping the virus or protecting fetuses in wombs if their mother gets Zika. The good news announced this week is that scientists have had encouraging results.
Clinical Trials of a Vaccine The first of five clinical trials in humans to test the safety and effectiveness of a Zika vaccine began, according to a National Institutes of Health (NIH) announcement Monday. Called the Zika Purified Inactivated Virus (ZPIV), the vaccine was developed using inactivated virus particles. The basic shell of the particles is intact to the particles evoke a response from the recipient’s immune system creating more antibodies. This technology and approach was successfully used in developing a vaccine for Japanese encephalitis.
The NIH trial involves 75 people between the ages of 18 and 49 who have not had any sort of flavivirus. (Zika is a flavivirus. So are dengue, Japanese encephalitis and West Nile.) Participants will be randomly split into three groups. The first will receive two injections of either the test vaccine or a placebo 28 days apart. The other two groups will get the Japanese encephalitis vaccine or a yellow fever vaccine prior to receiving the two-dose ZPIV vaccine. A subgroup of 30 participants will receive the two-dose a third dose of the vaccine being tested a year later.
The NIH announced that four other trials involving the ZPIV investigational vaccine within months. These vaccine studies are being fast-tracked, but it will take a few years to know the results.
Antibody Tests While the NIH research deals with a vaccine against the virus, other research has been under way to protect fetuses from the virus. An antibody that prevents a fetus from becoming infected with the virus has been identified and tested in mice. It also prevents damage to the placenta. Lastly, the antibody appears to provide protection against the virus for adult mice. The research conducted by teams from the medical schools at Washington University in St. Louis, Mo., and Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tenn., was published Monday in “Nature.”
The research study in mice may not translate directly to humans. However, it suggests that scientists are on the right track studying antibodies from former Zika patients as a solution. The researchers actually screened 29 anti-Zika antibodies they gathered from people who recovered from the disease. One of them efficiently counteracted the five strains of the virus circulating worldwide in the lab tests. The antibodies identified “represent the first medical intervention that prevents Zika infection and damage to fetuses,” according to co-author James Crowe Jr., MD, of Vanderbilt.
To test the antibody in live animals, the scientists gave it to pregnant mice either the day before or after being infected with Zika. In both instances, the antibodies successfully reduced the virus levels in the pregnant mice and their fetuses. They compared the results with those of pregnant mice infected with the disease but not given the antibody.
The placentas seemed normal in the mice treated with the antibody, showing they were protected from the disease. In the untreated virus-infected mice, however, there was noticeable placental damage. “The anti-Zika antibodies are able to keep the fetus safe from harm by blocking the virus from crossing the placenta,” noted co-author Indira Mysorekar, PhD, a Washington University associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology.
Written and Edited by Dyanne Weiss
Sources:
Nature: Neutralizing human antibodies prevent Zika virus replication and fetal disease in mice
Washington University School of Medicine: Antibody protects developing fetus from Zika virus, mouse study shows
National Institutes of Health: Testing of Investigational inactivated Zika vaccine in humans begins
TIME: Zika Vaccines Are Growing More Promising
Photo courtesy of NIH: National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases – Creative Commons license microcephaly , Vaccine , Zika",0
16393,How to Pounce on Best Credit Card Offers (Before Banks Pull Them) - The New York Times,"While many of us weren’t paying attention, some credit card   bonuses became so   large that the analysts at Bernstein Research wondered in November if the industry was afflicted with temporary insanity. One particular bit of madness  —   a Chase offer that effectively puts $1, 500 in your pocket without a lot of effort, if you are a relatively big spender  —   is close to ending, and many people have just a few more days to take advantage of it. But the mere existence of   bonuses on top of the points and perks that come with everyday spending raises a number of questions for consumers. Even if you thought you had had enough of   to get the best deals, shouldn’t you at least grab those 15   bills if you have the means? Or might the offers actually get better? And is it time to bet against the stocks of the maniac bankers who are tossing around offers like this? CHASE, TODAY? First things first: That giant bonus comes from the Chase Sapphire Reserve card. Here’s how it works (and don’t confuse it with the similarly named Preferred card): If the bank accepts your application, you have three months to spend $4, 000. Once you do, Chase hands over 100, 000 of its proprietary rewards points. Then you can trade them for $1, 500 worth of travel, as long as you book your flights or rooms through Chase. The card has a $450 annual fee, but it gives back $300 of it each year once you purchase at least that amount in travel. It also gives out a generous amount of points  —   three per dollar spent  —   on travel and dining. Plus, you can swap points for miles on many airlines if you want to take your chances with seat availability in those reward schemes. Other perks include access to some airport lounges and a rebate for fees you pay for TSA PreCheck, the expedited security screening, or Global Entry, which speeds international returns. In cardland, any offer this lucrative tends not to last. This week, Chase said it would cut the   bonus in half for anyone who applied online after Jan. 12 or in a branch (which isn’t possible for people in parts of the country where there are no Chase branches) after March 12. To be safe, the company suggests applying online by Jan. 11, before it flips the switch the next day. Why the change of heart on a product Chase introduced last summer? The company always said the bonus was an introductory offer, and the bank’s generosity led to a $200 million to $300 million hit to its earnings. So the window on a good thing is partly closing. So should you take advantage of it while you can? My wife and I both have done it and are glad we did. It has required some mental energy to channel the right amount of spending away from our current card and track the new bills so we don’t end up paying late. But there is nothing that focuses the mind quite like feeling that you are beating the system. This feeling of superiority may be delusional, given the amount of research that suggests that we pay more when we put things on plastic than when we pay with cash. But I consider myself above average in this regard, as we all probably do. Another big question: Does it make sense to stick with the Chase card, or ditch it after the bonuses clear? One useful exercise is to run your spending patterns (which your card company’s website ought to be able to divide into categories like dining, travel and groceries) through creditcardtuneup. com to compare the results with those of a number of leading rewards cards. It’s a great tool, but the site’s operator has its own opinions about how much a Chase point is worth versus the Starwood points that I collect on my primary American Express card. Your mileage may vary if you, say, swap Chase or Starwood points for   miles and then redeem them for $10, 000   plane tickets to a faraway country. Think about your goals for the next couple of years and evaluate accordingly. In our household, we are reserving judgment. That is (in part) because Starwood is in the middle of being acquired by Marriott, which faces the challenging task of combining two loyalty programs without driving away   frequent travelers. Sometime in the next year or so, we will find out what it is going to do. Standard disclaimers apply here, as always. Don’t carry a balance, since interest charges will generally eat up the value of the rewards and then some. Also, applying for too many cards in a short time could hurt your credit score a bit. IS THE MADNESS CATCHING? Gordon Smith, the chief executive of consumer and community banking at Chase, spent more than 25 years working at American Express, and it was plainly obvious that the bank was aiming Sapphire Reserve squarely at the Amex Platinum card. Indeed, less than two months after the Chase card appeared in August, Amex issued a news release announcing new benefits for Platinum card holders. Here is what it didn’t do, though: offer a   bribe to every new customer who wanted one of its cards. Its standard online offer is currently 40, 000 of its own proprietary points, which are 10, 000 fewer than what Chase’s new, lower bonus will be. (Yes, it’s hard to compare the value of different reward currencies, but these two aren’t that far apart, and many consumers never make the distinction and assume they are the same anyhow.) Some American Express customers have been luckier, though. Card industry bloggers report that the company has sometimes made targeted bonus offers of 100, 000 or even 150, 000 points. Leah Gerstner, an American Express spokeswoman, noted that the company had been in the premium card market for more than three decades, implying that it knew a thing or two about appropriate competitive responses to the latest shiny thing. “What’s worked for us is a mix of targeted   bonuses combined with a range of premium benefits and services,” Ms. Gerstner said. She added that the company had issued “record levels of new cards” while delivering “sustainable” economics to the company. In their report in November, the Bernstein Research analysts dangled the tantalizing possibility that American Express might begin some kind of price war, throwing its own   bonuses and privileges at customers. Now that Chase has lowered its   bonus, however, Kevin J. St. Pierre, a Bernstein managing director, thinks the chances of that are low. “They have inertia on their side, with a   customer base that is generally satisfied with their product and very satisfied with the service,” he said. “So how much do they need to tweak to defend that?” PITY NOT THE POOR BANKERS Shareholders (and consumers who are determined to be the least profitable customers of thriving, generous banks) probably shouldn’t panic about the ramifications of the banks’ largess at this point. Chase would not comment about the performance of Sapphire Reserve, owing to the requirement to stay silent before its coming earnings announcement. Still, it almost certainly modeled the possibility that some people would spend their   bonus and then stop using the card. The card’s   profitability will depend largely on what percentage of cardholders carry a balance  —   and how much and for how long. Mr. St. Pierre said he didn’t lose much sleep over a single,   card offering from a bank of this size. “They are so large that they can afford to experiment,” he said. “A few hundred million in any quarter is a cost of doing business, and they’ll use it, learn from it and improve the product from their perspective and move on. ” Citi’s own plastic pushers have already done a bit of this. Its competing Prestige card reduced some perks several months back, though it kept a    hotel benefit. “Our strategic focus is delivering products and experiences that create long, lasting relationships,” said Chris Fred, head of proprietary products for Citi’s cards unit. Bonus chasers and   card churners, it seems, are not particularly welcome. Still, the banks face an existential crisis of sorts. A generation of young adults grew up on debit cards, and banks are going to have to do something to get the millions of them who don’t need to carry a balance to switch to credit anyway. There aren’t a lot of great ways to do it other than throwing   bonuses and perks at them. The rest of us can keep an eye on the bonus offers via blogs like The Points Guy and View From the Wing or on forums like FlyerTalk and Reddit’s   pages. Then  —   when the going gets as good as it’s gotten in recent months and we want to go on a free vacation  —   we can sweep in and gleefully pick off the juiciest offers of all.",0
16394,Series of powerful earthquakes including 6.0 magnitude strikes central Italy,"Wed, 26 Oct 2016 17:26 UTC © Sandro Perozzi/AP The Church of San Sebastiano stands amid rubble in Castelsantangelo sul Nera following an earthquake. A 6.0 magnitude earthquake hit the Marche region in central Italy, just hours after a 5.4-magnitude tremor damaged buildings and cut power lines across the area. Buildings in the region have been damaged, but there have been no reports of fatalities. A series of powerful aftershocks between magnitude 4 and 4.9 struck the area about five hours after the first tremor. The strongest earthquake occurred 9.18 p.m. on Wednesday, 71 km (44 miles) east of Perugia. The United States Geological Survey reported it as a 6.0 magnitude temblor, while Italy's National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology said it was a 5.9. ""It was a very strong, apocalyptic earthquake - people were screaming in the street, and now the lights are cut off,"" said Marco Rinaldi, the mayor of Ussita, a community of 400 that was also affected by the initial earthquake. ""Many houses have collapsed. Our area is devastated."" Trains were stopped for checks, while police closed off some roads in danger of potential landslides. A football match was briefly suspended. Impact was felt as far away as Naples, Rome and Florence. In the capital, historical monuments were shaking from the shockwaves. Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has returned from a trip inside the country to chair an emergency meeting in Rome, and has canceled a planned TV appearance. The first earthquake was detected at 7:11pm local time, about 66km to the southeast of Perugia, striking a mountainous part of the Marche region and lasting several seconds. The exact epicenter of the tremblor remains unclear, but it was relatively shallow, at about 9km below ground. Within an hour of the first earthquake, there was a series of small but noticeable aftershocks, ranging in magnitude from 2.5 to 2.8. After the second there were at least four after shocks exceeding 3 on the Richter scale. ""We're in the square, all the lights are out, we can't see, we're counting each other to see who's here, we still don't know how bad the situation is,"" Mauro Falcucci, mayor of Castelsantangelo sul Nera, the small commune closest to the epicenter, told Sky News by phone. ""The situation is delicate. It is important to remain calm."" The official said that the emergency is exacerbated by a downpour, and intermittent problems with mobile phone communication. Police say that the town is in ""crisis"" and have dispatched rescue teams, Castelsantangelo sul Nera. A video posted by a Huffington Post journalist shows rubble strewn through the streets of Visso, a commune less than 10 km from the epicenter. The Civil Protection Agency, which has been overseeing the response, says that so far only two injuries have been identified, in Visso. The first, smaller earthquake, may have served as a warning, as people were in open areas, and prepared, when the second temblor struck. Schools will be shut in some cities throughout eastern and central Italy on Thursday, and in Ascoli, local media is reporting that hundreds of people are gathering in public squares, and sleeping outside in cars. The earthquakes are in the same area of seismic instability in the Apennines as the one that struck the village of Amatrice this summer, killing almost 300 people. The strongest earthquake there was 6.2-magnitude on August 24. Seismologists now fear a multiplier effect from the increased disruption resulting from the twin natural disasters. ""The earthquake today has further disrupted the tectonic plates, and in the coming hours we may see aftershocks of today's earthquake on top of those from August 24,"" Salvatore Mazza, the National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology told RAI News24. ""This earthquake is likely the activation of a new fault line, connected to August's calamity . But we need to get closer to the epicenter, before drawing conclusions,"" said Paulo Messina, for the Institute of Environmental Geology and Geoengineering of the Italian National Research Council.",0
16395,I sense a giant earthquake will happen today,"Report Copyright Violation I sense a giant earthquake will happen today I don't know where. Hopefully it's just in my pants, but seriously though, something makes me feel 7.0+ is coming within a day or so. Page 1",0
16396,US Soccer Chief Says Trump ’Fully Supportive’ of Bid to Host 2026 World Cup - Breitbart,"Speaking of the United States’ bid to   the 2026 World Cup with Mexico and Canada, U. S. Soccer President Sunil Gulati noted that President Donald Trump is “fully supportive” of the effort. [The comment comes after the soccer federations of the United States, Mexico, and Canada announced a joint bid to host the upcoming World Cup, USA Today reported.  During Monday’s joint press conference, Gulati addressed the question of how the Mexican soccer officials could work with their U. S. counterparts after last year’s contentious election. “We have the full support of the United States government in this project,” Gulati said during the presser. “The president of the United States is fully supportive and encouraged us in having this joint bid. He is especially pleased that Mexico is part of this bid, and that’s in the last few days that we have gotten further encouragement on that,” the U. S. soccer chief continued. “We’re not at all concerned about some of the issues that other people may raise,” Gulati added. “We looked at bidding alone, and again, decided we wanted to bid with our partners in North America, and we have a strong encouragement from President Trump to that very end. ” For his part, Decio de María, president of the Federación Mexicana de Fútbol and CONCACAF vice president, agreed that the World Cup is about soccer, not politics. “I believe, like Sunil said, this is not a forum to talk about politics, it’s a forum to talk about soccer,” de María said. “What I am certain of is that both countries will work tirelessly to build many soccer fields, so that the ball keeps rolling and so that our respective communities can enjoy the benefits that soccer creates. ” Certainly the issue of immigration featured prominently in Trump’s campaign and subsequent election to the White House. But, the three soccer heads assured the media that the issue would not be part of the World Cup. “That us three are standing here as presidents of the federations of the countries that took in our families is a very strong statement,” Victor Montagliani, president of the Canadian Soccer Association and president of CONCACAF, said during the conference. “And it’s something that I’m very proud of. ” Speaking in Spanish, de María added that, “the real winners are soccer and the region to have invited the world to enjoy this celebration. I think that’s how you create a beautiful story. ” The vote on where the 2026 World Cup will end up occurs in 2020, as President Trump’s current term in office winds down, though the game itself would be held during another president’s term, regardless. According to the plan worked out between the three countries, the U. S. would get 60 of the 80 games and Mexico and Canada would host ten each. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com",0
16397,"Quicken Loans, the New Mortgage Machine - The New York Times","DETROIT  —   A low buzz fills the air as an army of mortgage bankers, perched below floating canopies in a kaleidoscope of vivid pinks, blues, purples and greens, works the phones, promising borrowers easy financing and low rates for home loans. By the elevators, nobody blinks when an employee wearing a pink tutu bustles past. On any given day, a company mascot, Simon, a bespectacled mouse, goes on the hunt for “gouda,” or good ideas, from the work force. A visit to the headquarters of Quicken Loans in downtown Detroit may seem like a trip to a place where “Glengarry Glen Ross” meets Seussville. But the whimsical, irreverent atmosphere sits atop a   business in a field  —   the selling of the American dream  —   that has changed drastically since an earlier generation of mortgage lenders propelled the economy to near collapse in 2008 by issuing risky and even fraudulent loans. In the years since the crisis, many of the nation’s largest banks pulled back their   activities. Quicken Loans pushed in. Today, it is the   retail mortgage lender, originating $96 billion in mortgages last year  —   an eightfold increase from 2008. Privately held Quicken, like some of America’s largest banks before it, has also landed in regulators’ cross hairs. In a federal   lawsuit filed in 2015, the Department of Justice charged that, among other things, the company misrepresented borrowers’ income or credit scores, or inflated appraisals, in order to qualify for Federal Housing Administration insurance. As a result, when those loans soured, the government says that taxpayers  —   not Quicken loans  —   suffered millions of dollars in losses. Quicken Loans today is the F. H. A. insurance program’s largest participant. Executives at Quicken Loans deny the charges, maintaining, among other things, that the government “ ” a small number of examples to build its case. In an aggressive move, the company   sued the Department of Justice, demanding a blanket ruling that all of the loans it had originated met requirements and “pose no undue risks to the F. H. A. insurance fund. ” Quicken’s suit was dismissed. But it reflects the    style of Quicken Loans’ founder and chairman, Dan Gilbert, the billionaire who once publicly excoriated the N. B. A. superstar LeBron James for leaving the Cleveland Cavaliers, in which Mr. Gilbert has a majority stake. He also owns significant chunks of central Detroit, where Quicken Loans is based. Mr. Gilbert, who founded the company in 1985, sold it to the business software company Intuit in 1999, before buying it back with other investors in 2002. He is working to rectify the city’s downtrodden image with streetcars, upscale cafes and boutiques, and   data, making him a hometown hero. Late last year, Quicken Loans won a motion to move the Department of Justice case to a federal courthouse roughly three blocks from its Detroit headquarters. Sitting on the edge of a chair in his office, the Motor City’s skyline a steel gray in the   November sun, Mr. Gilbert said that his company has been unfairly targeted. “You want to know what this case is about?” he said. “Somebody probably put up a whiteboard and said, ‘Here are the 10 largest F. H. A. lenders, now go and collect settlements from them, regardless of whether they did anything wrong. ’” In court documents, Quicken argues it has the lowest default rates in the F. H. A. program. It projects the government will reap $5. 7 billion in net profits from the insurance premiums for loans made from 2007 to 2013, after paying out any claims. A spokesman for the Department of Housing and Urban Development, which is home to the F. H. A. program at the center of the case against Quicken, declined to speak about the lawsuit. Late last year, Donald J. Trump named a former Quicken Loans lobbyist, Shawn Krause, to his H. U. D. transition team. A Trump spokeswoman did not respond to an email asking about potential conflicts of interest. In an emailed statement, Quicken Loans said the fact that Ms. Krause had come from the largest F. H. A. lender in the country “bodes well for the positive impact she has, and will, make on H. U. D. ” In the years since the financial crisis, Quicken has emerged as a leader in the nation’s   system, a network of nonbank financial institutions that has gained significant ground against its more heavily regulated bank counterparts in providing home loans to Americans. Increased regulation and decreased profits sent the nation’s banks packing. Nonbanks, like Quicken, have filled that gap. Today, Quicken is the nation’s   retail residential mortgage lender, behind Wells Fargo, but ahead of banking giants like J. P. Morgan, Bank of America and Citigroup, according to Mortgage Daily. Considered by many to be a visionary leader, Mr. Gilbert often strikes a pugnacious stance. When Mr. James, the N. B. A. star, announced he was leaving the Cleveland Cavaliers in 2010 to join the Miami Heat, Mr. Gilbert  —   who not only has a majority stake in the Cavaliers, but also operates Quicken Loans Arena, where they play  —   penned a public tirade against the “cowardly betrayal,” in a letter written in the typeface Comic Sans. Mr. James is again playing for the Cavaliers. A call to his agent seeking comment was not returned. The year before, Mr. Gilbert got into an altercation at a bar mitzvah, punching a former colleague, David Hall, in the head before he was escorted out by security, according to interviews conducted by the Birmingham Police Department in Michigan. In police documents, Mr. Gilbert’s lawyer said Mr. Hall filed the complaint in order to pressure Mr. Gilbert into paying $2 million to buy out Mr. Hall’s investments in Mr. Gilbert’s companies. The Birmingham city attorney ultimately denied a warrant in the case on the grounds that the charges were not “supported by probable cause. ” Mr. Hall did not return an email seeking comment. In an email statement, a Quicken Loans spokesman said Mr. Gilbert “defended himself in a minor confrontation that was instigated by a former employee who was the aggressor. ” On a more trifling scale, after sending text messages about this article to a reporter at The New York Times but not receiving a response  —   Mr. Gilbert was texting her landline number by accident  —   he followed up with an email accusing the reporter of disconnecting her mobile phone to avoid him. The phone “likely is one of your temporary numbers that you deploy for the surreptitious work that you do,” he wrote. When alerted to the misunderstanding, Mr. Gilbert apologized “for any of it that was caused on my end. ” When Mr. Gilbert was asked in an email if he “often strikes a ‘combative stance’ or ‘frequently attacks his critics,’” a Quicken Loans spokesman responded in an email, “It’s interesting that when someone with as long and successful career as Mr. Gilbert is forced to defend his integrity and honor from old   insignificant already rehashed incidents and accusations from a media source as credible as The NY Times, you would imply that doing such is ‘frequently attacking’ his critics. ” These days, Mr. Gilbert appears to be itching for a fight with the Justice Department. In court filings, Quicken argued that the   government investigation was based on 55 “ ” loans out of nearly 250, 000. Quicken also argued that a longstanding F. H. A. process to resolve loans that did not meet its requirements, through either the repurchase of the loan or by indemnifying F. H. A. from any losses, was retroactively discontinued for Quicken. Since 2011, Mr. Gilbert has spent more than $2. 2 billion on downtown Detroit, buying up 95 decrepit properties and rehabilitating them in an effort to lure new tenants. Nike opened a store there last year. The New York burger chain Shake Shack is coming in 2017, as is the sports retailer Under Armour. Mr. Gilbert also notes that he has leased space downtown to several local     businesses. That sort of presence makes downtown Detroit today seem a bit like a company town, a sort of Quickenville. That’s because Quicken Loans is just one of more than 100 closely knit companies that is owned or controlled by Mr. Gilbert with a footprint in the area. Through his commercial real estate properties, Mr. Gilbert can decide which tenants fit into his vision for downtown Detroit, and which don’t. Rocket Fiber, an idea developed by three former Quicken Loans technology employees and financially backed by Mr. Gilbert, has brought   internet to downtown Detroit. For a $15 million donation, Quicken received the naming rights for the QLine, a streetcar that is expected to start running through downtown Detroit this spring. Mr. Gilbert sits on the board of the streetcar project. Lines of bicycles in downtown Detroit are available free for all employees of Mr. Gilbert’s companies. And visitors can bet at the tables at Jack Detroit   Greektown, a gambling venture controlled by Mr. Gilbert. The Quicken Loans family also includes one of the largest title companies in the United States, an appraisal firm, a call center and   Realty, which says on its website that it is the “preferred real estate partner” of Quicken Loans. Mr. Gilbert, who was busted in college for running a football betting ring (the charges were dismissed and his record was expunged) plays on a big stage. Back in 2010, he guaranteed that the Cavaliers would win the N. B. A. championship before LeBron James would. They didn’t, but the team, led by Mr. James, did win the title last year, and this season’s team has the highest payroll in the league. With Quicken Loans, Mr. Gilbert has built a   company in the     industry. Former executives describe Quicken Loans as a technology company that sells mortgages. But the heart that keeps Quicken’s blood moving is the 3, 500 mortgage bankers who work its phones. Many new employees come in with little to no background in financial services. One employee joined after delivering pizzas to the Quicken Loans office and becoming interested in working there.   employees typically make hundreds of calls a day, trying to get potential customers on the phone. Not unlike the assembly lines that put together cars in Detroit, the call is immediately handed off to a licensed mortgage banker, who completes the loan application, then quickly passes it to processing so that he or she can focus on the next loan application. Mr. Gilbert said clients are able to close more quickly on loans when specialists focus on each stage of the loan process. He and other Quicken executives note that the company has repeatedly made Fortune magazine’s list of Best Places to Work For and has earned top marks in J. D. Power client satisfaction surveys. Quicken defines its culture and philosophy through a number of   “isms,” created and curated over the years by Mr. Gilbert: “Yes before no. ” “A penny saved is a penny. ” “We eat our own dog food. ” At the same time, several former employees and executives in interviews described a demanding work environment, with staff members expected to work long hours and weekends to hit targets. In recent years, Quicken and its affiliated companies have faced at least four lawsuits filed by former mortgage bankers seeking overtime. Quicken won one of the overtime cases, but court documents indicate others were directed into settlement negotiations. An email to the various plaintiffs’ lawyers was not returned. And in early 2016, a National Labor Relations Board judge ruled that Quicken and five of its related companies issued an employee handbook with rules that violated workers’ right to engage in various activities, including   ones. Quicken has appealed the ruling, calling the policies “common, rational and sensible. ” When asked about criticisms of the work environment, Mr. Gilbert and other executives defended the company, noting that mortgage bankers work an average of 44 hours per week and are compensated well. It is possible for team members, Mr. Gilbert said, to earn over $85, 000 in their second year, more than double the median household income for Wayne County, Mich. Quicken Loans’ growing role in parts of the mortgage market may make it a lightning rod for critics. Proponents say that nonbanks like Quicken or PennyMac in California  —   which was started by former executives of Countrywide, the mortgage machine in Southern California that was a hotbed of toxic mortgages in the 2008 crisis  —   are filling an important void. They argue that they serve people with low to moderate incomes or lower credit scores whom the big banks shun. The big banks, they say, focus instead on   jumbo mortgages, or mortgages of more than $424, 100, the maximum amount that can be backed by   enterprises like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. “The large banks want to go after the   business,” said Guy D. Cecala, the chief executive and publisher of Inside Mortgage Finance. Thanks to low interest rates, home sales are booming and the mortgage market was expected to top $2 trillion in originations in 2016. That’s a far cry from the frothy height of $3. 8 trillion that was hit in 2003. Moreover, many other parts of the mortgage machine that were in place leading up to the financial crisis have been dismantled. Still, critics say today’s shadow banks, by focusing on the riskier end of the mortgage market, may be revving up the same parts of the engine that resulted in defaults and foreclosures in the past. Nonbanks, which are typically less capitalized and may have more difficulty reimbursing the government for bad loans, now dominate F. H. A.  mortgage loans, according to data from the American Enterprise Institute’s International Center on Housing Risk. In September 2012, banks originated 65 percent of the   loans insured by the F. H. A. according to the data. Today, that number has more than flipped: Nonbanks originate 73 percent of the loans, with banks’ share dropping to 18 percent. The figures are more spectacular for refinanced mortgages, where nonbanks now make up 93 percent of loans. “The market has moved to the nonbanks because the nonbanks’ appetite for risk is much higher,” said Edward J. Pinto, a director of the Center on Housing Risk. He has argued that the F. H. A. is not only failing to help   communities with its programs, but is actually weakening them with imprudent loans. Mr. Gilbert disputed any “false narrative” that claims Quicken faces less regulatory scrutiny, is lightly capitalized or makes risky loans. He said that the average credit score of a Quicken borrower is one of the highest in the nation that the parent company’s assets “are larger than that of 93 percent of all F. D. I. C.  depositories” and that the company is regulated by 50 states, multiple municipalities and numerous federal agencies. Quicken Loans is privately held, and it is unclear what its assets are worth. In an email response to   questions, Mr. Gilbert added, “Quicken Loans underwriting and production is one of the highest, if not the highest, quality production in the entire country. ”",0
16398,"Shi’ite Militias Enter Mosul Battle, But Eyes Are on Joining Syria War","Deployment Meant to Block ISIS Escape by Jason Ditz, October 30, 2016 Share This 
As the Iraqi invasion of Mosul continues, the Shi’ite militia groups who have proven so controversial in previous attacks have begun to deploy west of the city, aiming to block the escape of any ISIS forces into Syria. The militias see this as the last real fight against ISIS inside Iraq, and are openly talking about heading into Syria next . 
While the militias’ involvement in previous captures of major Sunni Arab cities around Iraq has seen them looting, torturing, and killing with reckless abandon, the militias’ ambition to get into Syria once this is wrapped up may mean less are left behind around Mosul to harass the locals. 
The sectarian nature of the wars in Iraq and Syria have both led to a spike in recruitment for the Shi’ite militias, with many being deployed around significant religious sites in both countries to protect them from groups like ISIS. For many of them, this has also meant a blurring of the lines between the two wars. 
There remains considerable concern about the impact on the Mosul population of the militias’ presence. This is doubly true because, in “blocking” ISIS escape, they may also end up blocking the escape of the civilian population,. which is unlikely to be welcomed if they flee into Kurdish territory. 
That’s also a recurring reality in Iraq’s war, that the Sunni Arab civilians aren’t welcomed into Kurdish or Shi’ite territory, and generally end up having to flee into other ISIS territory for lack of alternatives. With little ISIS territory left, it is unclear where they’ll go. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
16399,Dreaming Up a Reason for NATO’s Relevance,"Dreaming Up a Reason for NATO’s Relevance November 17, 2016 
European leaders still rattle their tiny sabers at Russia, but Donald Trump’s election has spread confusion across NATO nations that had dutifully climbed aboard the New Cold War express, says ex-British intelligence officer Annie Machon. 
By Annie Machon 
A few months ago during the seemingly endless U.S. election, Donald Trump said NATO is not a gift that America can keep giving. In his stated view , the other member states should make a greater financial contribution (the U.S. currently contributes 70 percent of NATO’s budget) and, if not, they could not expect automatic protection in the face of an attack. 
On Nov. 13, after Trump’s victory, NATO Secretary General and former Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg wrote a think piece in the U.K.’s Observer newspaper, and acknowledged the need for more widespread contributions while crying up the historic importance and future need for NATO by citing growing Russian “assertiveness” (diplo-speak for “aggression”) and the threat from international terrorism. NATO headquarters in Brussels, Belgium. 
I was invited onto RT to analyze this and am here expanding on some of the points I made in an always-all-too-brief interview. 
Stoltenberg was right to acknowledge Trump’s concerns about the contributions to NATO. But I think he was also addressing another and already-serving president somewhat closer to home – head of the European Commission and totemic Eurocrat Jean-Claude Juncker – who for a while now has been plotting an integrated E uropean Union army and who ramped up the rhetoric last week after Trump’s victory. The head of NATO is naturally not going to be too happy that the E.U. is poaching on his territory as the supposed military defender of Europe. 
It was also reported in The Observer that France and Germany are planning to announce the acceleration towards an E.U. army over the coming weeks. So much for European-wide consensus. It would appear that Juncker also sees this as a bargaining position in future Brexit negotiations, if Britain ever does get around to triggering Article 50 for withdrawing from the E.U. Any E.U. army would need the U.K.’s contribution – not just the armed forces, which are the second largest in the E.U., but also continued close cooperation with the intelligence agencies. 
After all, if both the U.K. post-Brexit and the U.S. after the ascension of Trump become increasingly isolationist and isolated, it would be natural for the two countries to pivot towards each other to the increasing exclusion of Europe. The U.K./U.S. “special relationship” has always been heavily predicated on the uniquely close working relationship of their spies, and the E.U. will fear being left further out in the cold. 
So, if Juncker carries on regardless with his vanity E.U. army project and Britain agrees to contribute post-Brexit, there may be other sweet deals to offer to the U.K. during the Brexit negotiations. At least, that seems to be the position that Juncker is oiling his way towards. But the fundamental question has to be asked: why, now, do we need either a New Model E.U. army or the cavalier NATO? 
Stoltenberg tried to address this in his article: “In the last few years we have seen a dramatic deterioration of our security, with a more assertive Russia and turmoil across north Africa and the Middle East. Nato allies have responded together. We have implemented the biggest reinforcement of our collective defence since the cold war. [….] This is deterrence, not aggression. […] Nato also continues to play a crucial role in the fight against terrorism. Every Nato ally is part of the US-led coalition against Islamic State.” 
The Dubious Group Think 
Let us unpack these comments. Firstly, is Russia indeed becoming more of a military threat, or is this just so much diplomatic grandstanding? After all, is it Russia or NATO that has been more, umm, “assertive” over the last 27 years? A map showing stages of NATO’s expansion. Dark blue showing original members; lighter blue the “round one” members; aqua the “round two” members; yellow represents neutral states; and brown and red (including Ukraine), otherwise aligned. On the map, Montenegro is one of the tiny brown spots on the eastern Adriatic. 
In answer, I refer you back to an article I wrote two years ago after the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall. Referencing the work of former senior CIA officer and fellow Sam Adams Associate , Ray McGovern , it made clear that a deal was made between the Soviet Union of the time and the U.S. – and that, in return for the withdrawal of 260,000 Soviet troops from East Germany and the reunification of Germany, NATO would not move one inch further east than the German border. 
Well, today we can see the result of these negotiations – another 12 countries, most in Eastern Europe and right up to the Russian border, have been assimilated into NATO . Recently within most of these border countries large-scale military exercises have been provocatively and publicly staged, plus missile “defen s e ” systems have been planted in the fertile paranoiac soil of an increasingly aggressive and nationalistic Poland. 
Yes, Russia has in retaliation been conducting its own border exercises. The leadership has to be seen to be doing something, otherwise it will appear weak and not protecting its own people. That might be “assertive,” but it’s certainly not “aggressive.” 
Nor let us forget the fact that, in 2008, NATO was warm towards the idea of Ukraine and Georgia joining, provided they could meet a few conditions. This would be taking Western forces directly into Russia’s backyard. It would be encircling Russia’s border with the rest of Europe with a new “Iron Curtain.” And I have to say that IS an aggressively political move at the very least. 
How did this play out? Well, first stop for the campaign of Russian demonization was Georgia, under Western neocon puppet President Mikhail Saakashvili , invading a small and ethnically Russian segment of Georgia, South Ossetia. Russia responded by protecting the population, and then was excoriated across the Western world as conducting an unprovoked invasion of Georgia. This myth has long been exposed factually, but it is the hysterical headlines of the time that residually stick in most people’s minds. 
Similarly in Ukraine. In 2014, a coup against the elected head of state , Viktor Yanukovych, apparently partly orchestrated by the U.S. as we know from an intercepted call between the Assistant U.S. Secretary of State for Europe Victoria Nuland and U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine, Geoffrey Pyatt. Interestingly, it was Yanukovych who blocked Ukraine’s accession to NATO after his election in 2010, perhaps an additional motivation for the 2014 coup. 
All this laid bare the fact that the U.S. had pumped $5 billion in to subvert the Ukrainian state during the post-Soviet years and that, in the face of European concern about the worsening crisis, the U.S. pronounced – in the tender words of Victoria Nuland – “fuck the E.U.” And yet still the E.U. acquiesced to U.S.-led sanctions against Russia that have hit the E . U . economy hard . 
Pot and Kettle 
Despite this history of interference in the politics of other nations, the U.S. government accused Russia of meddling in the 2016 presidential elections. The old story of the pot and kettle springs to mind.   uncomfortably accepting the Nobel Peace Prize from Committee Chairman Thorbjorn Jagland in Oslo, Norway, Dec. 10, 2009. (White House photo) 
Add to this a probably NATO-approved strike on a Russian jet involved in the Syrian conflict earlier this year by NATO member Turkey (at the time one of the closest trading partners of Russia and which, temporarily, caused bilateral damage that has since been repaired) and the military wing of Western interests is not exactly coming up smelling of roses. (The Russian pilot bailed out but was then shot to death by Turkish-backed Syrian rebels on the ground.) Perhaps NATO was just being “assertive.” 
So to Stoltenberg’s second point of justification for NATO: the success that it has had combating the threat of international terrorism. Where can I start with this? Since NATO invoked Article 5 (when one state is attacked, all must respond) in the wake of the 9/11 attacks against America , Western countries have been dragged into war after illegal war across the Middle East, central Asia and North Africa. 
Let us examine the roll call of successes: Afghanistan (now largely back in the hands of Taliban warlords and supplying ever more heroin to the illegal drug trade that goes toward funding terrorist groups, including ISIS); Iraq, now a basket case and the cradle of ISIS; Libya ditto plus the drugs ; Yemeni communities being vaporized with “precision” bombs by U.S. proxy Saudi Arabia ; and the bloody catastrophe of Syria of course. 
So the NATO Secretary General’s second justification of the organization’s continued existence is not exactly what one would call compelling. But I suppose he had to try, when Juncker’s threatened folie de grandeur that is the E.U. army is even less inspiring. 
So, back to President-elect Donald Trump. What will he do, faced with this mess of competing Western military/security interests and Euro-bureaucrat careerists? Perhaps his U.S. isolationist position is not so mad, bad and dangerous as the wailings of the Western liberal press would have us believe? 
American “exceptionalism” and NATO interventionism have not exactly benefited much of the world since the end of the Cold War. Perhaps the time has indeed come for an American Commander-in-Chief who can indeed cut deals to cut through the saber-rattling rhetoric and, even unintentionally, make a significant contribution to world peace. 
Stranger things have happened. After all, outgoing President Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize a mere eight months after his inauguration, more a hoped-for aspiration than a recognition of any accomplishment, and we see how that worked out. 
Annie Machon is a former intelligence officer in the UK’s MI5 Security Service (the U.S. counterpart is the FBI).",0
16400,"For a Perfect Catch in Seattle, Fishmongers Go for the Halibut - The New York Times","SEATTLE  —   The catch of the day has a couple of meanings to Mike Kirn, who works at Pike Place Fish Market. If you’re talking fork, plate and a nice dill sauce, he puts his money on white king salmon. But when he is trying to catch one in midair, with hundreds of people clustered around to watch  —   not an unusual amount on a touristy afternoon  —   halibut, Mr. Kirn says, is the fish without equal. Sure, salmon are sleeker and more beautiful  —   and they are the money fish at Pike Place, clocking in at $46 or more per pound. They glisten like princelings as they go up and up, hurled 20 feet or more, and then down into the waiting, surprisingly gentle hands of a fishmonger. But the ungainly and lumbering   halibut is the real   of the market when it takes off to fly. “It’s like a big floppy Frisbee,” Mr. Kirn said. “The crowd loves to see a halibut. ” Fishmongers have been throwing fish for decades in this small shop just off Seattle’s downtown waterfront at Pike Place Market. And for a long time, they have allowed amateurs to try their luck at catching, too. (Vanna White, from TV’s “Wheel of Fortune,” tried a few times, with eventual success.) The practice, and the philosophy of   fun that came with it, evolved partly through desperation after a failed expansion in the   the shop’s owner, John Yokoyama, wrote in 2004 in a book called “When Fish Fly. ” “The only way I was going to go for being world famous was if it didn’t cost me any money,” Mr. Yokoyama wrote, with his   Joseph A. Michelli. For   here’s the drill: You stand sideways to the fish’s flight path, then think of a football, or perhaps a baby  —   one hand held low, the other high, ready to support the head as the fish comes down. Then you hope for the best. New employees said that the learning curve is steep. Fish fly at you from the first day on the job. There are no corporate retreats, no training sessions out of the public eye. “You stand back here and they throw a big fish and you say, ‘Time out, I don’t want to catch this fish,’ but you’ve just got to do it,” said Ryan Hébert (pronounced  ) 36, who has worked just more than a year with the company. “And the more you do it, the more and more you learn,” he added. Mr. Kirn, 33, said the secret of flight is that while the crowd roars at a good catch, especially the   but risky   the real skill is in the throwing, which hardly anyone notices at all. “It’s like a golf swing, you keep your right arm straight,” said C. J. Conrad, 27, describing the perfect form for tossing. “Then you use your hips. ” A   fish does a little   flop halfway to its target, then flattens out into an aerodynamic glide, horizontal but with the head slightly up. If all goes well, the final moments are more like a landing than a catch. Sliminess is irrelevant. Except when it isn’t. “I picked it up so fast, people didn’t even know,” said Zach Swingle, 27, describing a recent miss. They also keep a “practice fish” behind the counter, which gets tossed around for fun, or when business is slow. At day’s end, a fish that has been thrown too many times looks exactly as you would expect: beaten up by the experience. This fish is then donated to the zoo, where the bears have it for dinner.",0
16401,"Barber by Day, Wily Coyote Whisperer by Night - The New York Times","For Frank Vincenti, there is a certain truth to those old Warner Bros. cartoons in which Wile E. Coyote, scheming but hapless, always takes the fall in pursuing the speedy Road Runner. “You know, that cartoon is really correct  —   Wile E. Coyote and the real thing are not that much different,” said Mr. Vincenti, a barber by vocation, but also a   advocate for urban coyotes. “Coyotes are always going to be controversial animals, but they get an undeserved reputation. ” By day, he gives $10 haircuts at his shop in Mineola, N. Y. but by night, he transforms into a coyote whisperer, dedicated to saving coyotes in and around New York City and to challenging the perception that the animals are too dangerous to coexist with people in urban and suburban areas. After spying a coyote in the Bronx, Mr. Vincenti started the Wild Dog Foundation in 1996, a nonprofit that protects coyotes. When he hears of a sighting, he closes his barbershop and heads to the scene. He may spend all night working as a human scarecrow, chasing the coyotes back into the underbrush. The goal is to keep them out of the public view and away from the traps set by specialists hired to euthanize them. On a recent weeknight, he closed his shop and drove to an area near La Guardia Airport where a family of coyotes had settled in the woodsy patches near the bridge leading to the Rikers Island jail complex. Officials from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which runs the airport, deemed the coyotes a danger to users of a nearby parking lot for airport employees and notified federal officials to have the coyotes removed. Since the fall, coyotes have been continually trapped and euthanized, despite Mr. Vincenti’s preventive efforts. “You want to know the irony of all this?” he said, gesturing toward Rikers Island. “You got accused murderers and rapists over there, and the government is afraid of a family of coyotes. ” Pacing the narrow visitors parking lot for Rikers, he recounted how by early last year, three adult coyotes had settled here, which led to a litter of eight pups roaming the area by July. “The coyotes were like mascots  —   people were driving by, taking pictures like they were on safari,” said Mr. Vincenti, who showed up every night to chase the coyotes back into cover. “You don’t want them just walking around in the open because that unnerves people. ” Lobbying for the coyotes to remain, he handed out fliers and assured local residents that the animals were not looking for confrontations. He approached parents at Little League games and told them the coyotes scared off geese and hunted rats. Pushed by swelling coyote populations upstate, some coyotes have inhabited wooded sections of the Bronx for 20 years, Mr. Vincenti said. There are active dens under the Whitestone Bridge and in Pelham Bay and Van Cortlandt Parks, he said. The adult coyotes near Rikers may have wandered down from the Bronx over the Hell Gate Bridge, which carries only sporadic freight train traffic. Mr. Vincenti said their puppies may have been the first born on geographic Long Island in centuries. He had hoped they would eventually migrate to eastern Long Island, but by last week, trappers had managed to kill all but one of the coyotes. “The coyotes had no chance,” he said. “My efforts were too little too late. I’m one man, on my own dime and my own time, and I had a lot of people against me. ” He stood by his car. It had a coyote rescue placard on the dashboard and a stuffed coyote dangling from the rearview mirror. Looking for the remaining pup, he examined tracks near a bicycle parking area. On Monday, he was back in his shop, which his   opened in 1925. Mr. Vincenti said he began cutting hair there at 13. The walls were covered not with photos of hairstyles but with images of coyotes and other animals. Mr. Vincenti has carved out an underdog role, not unlike the coyote. He is short in stature but with an outsize personality and tenacity. Mr. Vincenti’s coyote advocacy seems thankless. He sets up tables at events and gives talks at local libraries, often facing residents who consider the coyotes a threat to their children and pets. Mr. Vincenti, who is married with a    son, is a   history buff and a fan of Napoleon. During slow times in the barbershop, he plows through history books, educates himself on wildlife issues and dreams of making a living protecting coyotes instead of cutting hair. The euthanized coyote family left him discouraged, but he could already hear the next coyote calling, in the form of a sighting near Farmers Boulevard in Queens. Once again, the Road Runner cartoon proved correct. “Wile E. Coyote always loses,” he said, “but no matter how they try to kill him off, he always comes back. ”",0
16402,Moscow Working on Arranging Israel-Palestine Summit,"Your daily reality snack Moscow Working on Arranging Israel-Palestine Summit 
Since the United States cannot or will not act as an honest broker in the middle east, Russia is taking over the job Originally appeared at Sputnik 
Russia continues to conduct a thorough preparation for the first Israeli-Palestinian summit in Moscow in order to ensure that it does not become ""a meeting for the sake of the meeting,"" Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov said on Friday. 
""Here you need to strive for it to be done at the appropriate time. It is necessary to conduct a thorough preparation for the meeting so that it would really be productive … not just a meeting for the sake of the meeting,"" Gatilov said during his visit to Israel. 
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas earlier announced their support for Moscow’s effort to mediate any talks on the resolution of Israeli-Palestinian conflict, but laid responsibility on each other for the fact that the meeting had not been agreed yet. 
In late September, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told a press conference following his address to the UN General Assembly that Moscow continued working with both Israel and Palestine to resume negotiations, noting that the parties were not equally eager to consider the initiative. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire",0
16403,Grammy Winners 2017 - The New York Times,"The complete list of winners: Record of the Year “Hello”  —   Adele Album of the Year “25”  —   Adele (read our review) Song of the Year “Hello”  —   Adele Adkins  Greg Kurstin, songwriters (Adele) New Artist Chance the Rapper (read our review of “Coloring Book”) Pop Solo Performance “Hello”  —   Adele Pop   Performance: “Stressed Out”  —   Twenty One Pilots Traditional Pop Vocal Album “Summertime: Willie Nelson Sings Gershwin”  —   Willie Nelson Pop Vocal Album “25”  —   Adele Dance Recording “Don’t Let Me Down”  —   The Chainsmokers Featuring Daya   Album “Skin”  —   Flume Contemporary Instrumental Album “Culcha Vulcha”  —   Snarky Puppy Rock Performance “Blackstar”  —   David Bowie Metal Performance “Dystopia”  —   Megadeth Rock Song “Blackstar”  —   David Bowie, songwriter (David Bowie) Rock Album “Tell Me I’m Pretty”  —   Cage the Elephant Alternative Music Album “Blackstar”  —   David Bowie RB Performance “Cranes in the Sky”  —   Solange Traditional RB Performance “Angel”  —   Lalah Hathaway RB Song “Lake By the Ocean”  —   Hod David  Musze, songwriters (Maxwell) (read our interview) Urban Contemporary Album “Lemonade”  —   Beyoncé RB Album “Lalah Hathaway Live”  —   Lalah Hathaway Rap Performance “No Problem”  —   Chance the Rapper Featuring Lil Wayne  2 Chainz   Performance “Hotline Bling”  —   Drake Rap Song “Hotline Bling”  —   Aubrey Graham  Paul Jefferies, songwriters (Drake) Rap Album “Coloring Book”  —   Chance the Rapper Country Solo Performance “My Church”  —   Maren Morris Country   Performance “Jolene”  —   Pentatonix featuring Dolly Parton Country Song “Humble and Kind”  —   Lori McKenna, songwriter (Tim McGraw) Country Album “A Sailor’s Guide to Earth”  —   Sturgill Simpson (read our interview) New Age Album “White Sun II”  —   White Sun Improvised Jazz Solo “I’m So Lonesome I Could Cry”  —   John Scofield, soloist Jazz Vocal Album “Take Me to the Alley”  —   Gregory Porter Jazz Instrumental Album “Country for Old Men”  —   John Scofield Large Jazz Ensemble Album “Presidential Suite: Eight Variations on Freedom”  —   Ted Nash Big Band Latin Jazz Album “Tribute to Irakere: Live in Marciac”  —   Chucho Valdés Gospel   “God Provides”  —   Tamela Mann Kirk Franklin, songwriter Contemporary Christian Music   “Thy Will”  —   Hillary Scott  the Scott Family Bernie Herms, Hillary Scott  Emily Weisband, songwriters Gospel Album “Losing My Religion”  —   Kirk Franklin (read our interview) Contemporary Christian Music Album “Love Remains”  —   Hillary Scott  the Scott Family Roots Gospel Album “Hymns”  —   Joey + Rory Latin Pop Album “Un Besito Mas”  —   Jesse  Joy Latin Rock, Urban or Alternative Album “iLevitable”  —   iLe Regional Mexican Music Album (Including Tejano) “Un Azteca En El Azteca, Vol. 1 (En Vivo)”  —   Vicente Fernández Tropical Latin Album “Donde Están?”  —   Jose Lugo  Guasábara Combo American Roots Performance “House of Mercy”  —   Sarah Jarosz American Roots Song “Kid Sister”  —   Vince Gill, songwriter (The Time Jumpers) Americana Album “This Is Where I Live”  —   William Bell Bluegrass Album “Coming Home”  —   O’Connor Band With Mark O’Connor Traditional Blues Album “Porcupine Meat”  —   Bobby Rush Contemporary Blues Album “The Last Days of Oakland”  —   Fantastic Negrito Folk Album “Undercurrent”  —   Sarah Jarosz Regional Roots Music Album “E Walea”  —   Kalani Pe’a Reggae Album “Ziggy Marley”  —   Ziggy Marley World Music Album “Sing Me Home”  —     Ma  The Silk Road Ensemble Children’s Album “Infinity Plus One”  —   Secret Agent 23 Skidoo Spoken Word Album “In Such Good Company: Eleven Years of Laughter, Mayhem, and Fun in the Sandbox”  —   Carol Burnett Comedy Album “Talking for Clapping”  —   Patton Oswalt Musical Theater Album “The Color Purple” Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media “Miles Ahead” (Miles Davis  Various Artists) Score Soundtrack for Visual Media “Star Wars: The Force Awakens”  —   John Williams, composer Song Written for Visual Media “Can’t Stop The Feeling!”  —   Max Martin, Shellback  Justin Timberlake, songwriters (Justin Timberlake, Anna Kendrick, Gwen Stefani, James Corden, Zooey Deschanel, Walt Dohrn, Ron Funches, Caroline Hjelt, Aino Jawo, Christopher    Kunal Nayyar) Track from: “Trolls” Instrumental Composition “Spoken at Midnight”  —   Ted Nash, composer Arrangement, Instrumental or A Cappella “You And I”  —   Jacob Collier, arranger (Jacob Collier) Arrangement, Instruments and Vocals “Flintstones”  —   Jacob Collier, arranger (Jacob Collier) Recording Package “Blackstar”  —   Jonathan Barnbrook, art director (David Bowie) Boxed or Special Limited Edition Package “Edith Piaf  ”  —   Gérard Lo Monaco, art director (Edith Piaf) Album Notes “Sissle and Blake Sing Shuffle Along”  —   Ken Bloom  Richard Carlin, album notes writers (Eubie Blake  Noble Sissle) Historical Album “The Cutting Edge  : The Bootleg Series, Vol. 12” (Collector’s Edition) Steve Berkowitz  Jeff Rosen, compilation producers Mark Wilder, mastering engineer (Bob Dylan) Engineered Album,   “Blackstar”  —   David Bowie, Tom Elmhirst, Kevin Killen  Tony Visconti, engineers Joe LaPorta, mastering engineer (David Bowie) Producer of the Year,   Greg Kurstin Remixed Recording “Tearing Me Up” (RAC Remix)  —   André Allen Anjos, remixer (Bob Moses) Surround Sound Album “Dutilleux: Sur Le Même Accord Les Citations Mystère De L’instant  Timbres, Espace, Mouvement”  —   Alexander Lipay  Dmitriy Lipay, surround mix engineers Dmitriy Lipay, surround mastering engineer Dmitriy Lipay, surround producer (Ludovic Morlot  Seattle Symphony) Engineered Album, Classical “Corigliano: The Ghosts of Versailles”  —   Mark Donahue  Fred Vogler, engineers (James Conlon, Guanqun Yu, Joshua Guerrero, Patricia Racette, Christopher Maltman, Lucy Schaufer, Lucas Meachem, LA Opera Chorus  Orchestra) Producer of the Year, Classical David Frost Orchestral Performance “Shostakovich: Under Stalin’s Shadow   Symphonies Nos. 5, 8  9”  —   Andris Nelsons, conductor (Boston Symphony Orchestra) Opera Recording “Corigliano: The Ghosts of Versailles”  —   James Conlon, conductor Joshua Guerrero, Christopher Maltman, Lucas Meachem, Patricia Racette, Lucy Schaufer  Guanqun Yu Blanton Alspaugh, producer (LA Opera Orchestra LA Opera Chorus) Choral Performance “Penderecki Conducts Penderecki, Volume 1”  —   Krzysztof Penderecki, conductor Henryk Wojnarowski, choir director (Nikolay Didenko, Agnieszka Rehlis  Johanna Rusanen Warsaw Philharmonic Orchestra Warsaw Philharmonic Choir) Chamber   Ensemble Performance “Steve Reich”  —   Third Coast Percussion Classical Instrumental Solo “Daugherty: Tales of Hemingway”  —   Zuill Bailey Giancarlo Guerrero, conductor (Nashville Symphony) Classical Solo Vocal Album TIE: “Schumann  Berg”  —   Dorothea Röschmann Mitsuko Uchida, accompanist and “Shakespeare Songs”  —   Ian Bostridge Antonio Pappano, accompanist (Michael Collins, Elizabeth Kenny, Lawrence Power  Adam Walker) Classical Compendium “Daugherty: Tales of Hemingway American Gothic Once Upon A Castle”  —   Giancarlo Guerrero, conductor Tim Handley, producer Contemporary Classical Composition “Daugherty: Tales of Hemingway”  —   Michael Daugherty, composer (Zuill Bailey, Giancarlo Guerrero  Nashville Symphony) Music Video “Formation”  —   Beyoncé Music Film “The Beatles: Eight Days a Week the Touring Years”  —   Ron Howard, video director Brian Grazer, Ron Howard, Scott Pascucci  Nigel Sinclair, video producers",0
16404,The New Protesters Defying Donald Trump: His Customers - The New York Times,"Morrie Gold is not a   political protester. He is a    retired doctor in Pennsylvania. But he recently participated in a quiet act of rebellion: He and 11 golfing buddies canceled their annual trip to a Florida resort owned by Donald J. Trump to express their disgust with his remarks about women, immigrants and minorities. “For me,” Mr. Gold said, “it’s an ethical statement. ” Political demonstrations are alien to Margaret Riordan, too. “I’m just an old white lady from Illinois,” she said. But when friends invited the    and her husband to dinner inside Chicago’s Trump International Hotel and Tower, a   boycott was born. “Pick another place,” Ms. Riordan firmly told her friends. “By crossing that threshold, I’m saying Donald Trump’s O. K. I won’t do that. ” The reservation was canceled. Across the country, voters alarmed by the tenor of Mr. Trump’s campaign and the emerging accounts of his personal conduct are engaging in spontaneous, unorganized and inconspicuous acts of protest that take direct aim at perhaps his most prized possession: his brand name. In more than two dozen interviews, they described creative methods of punishing his economic empire and expunging the   reminders of him from their lives, closets, golf bags and bookshelves over the past few months. They have thrown out  —   or cut up  —   Trump neckties, called off stays at Trump hotels, even stopped imbibing Trump wines. Gary Berry, a military veteran and Gold Star father whose son died while serving in the Army, used to love Mr. Trump’s sparkling wines. He bought the ornate bottles, stamped with the candidate’s heavily serifed surname, near his hometown, Charlottesville, Va. for special occasions like the birth of a grandchild and wedding anniversaries. That stopped the moment Mr. Trump mocked the parents of Humayun Khan, an Army captain who was killed in Iraq. “I am sorry, that’s just not what you do,” Mr. Berry said from inside a Veterans of Foreign Wars hall, where he was chatting with fellow veterans. “Trump is despicable in my mind. I’m not buying Trump anymore. ” Organized, noisy demonstrations are a fixture of election seasons, and they have bedeviled both Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton throughout the presidential campaign. But the scattered retail rebukes of Mr. Trump are something new: independent acts of protest by everyday consumers who feel that voting against Mr. Trump would not be a sufficient reproach. They are animated, they said, not just by his inflammatory statements or allegations of predatory behavior toward women  —   which he has denied  —   but by the belief that the wealth that powers his candidacy was in many ways amassed on their backs, one   book, dress shirt or hotel stay at a time. “There’s never been a presidential candidate that’s had a product that I had bought before,” said Nadav Ullman, 26, an entrepreneur who has a standing coffee meeting with his business partner in the food court of Trump Tower in Midtown Manhattan. Or at least he used to. As Mr. Trump marched toward the Republican nomination, Mr. Ullman was startled by what he saw as Mr. Trump’s strategy of “bigotry and racism. ” He moved his weekly meeting outside to a bench in Central Park, grabbing coffee from a Wafels  Dinges vendor on the sidewalk. “It kind of came down to the idea that going to Trump Tower  —   in a very small way, no doubt, but in some capacity  —   would support him,” Mr. Ullman said. Besides, he added, the coffee at Trump Tower was never very good. “It was a win on multiple levels,” he said. It is difficult to measure the economic impact of such protests on Mr. Trump’s   businesses. His holdings are privately controlled, and he has a   history of exaggerating his financial performance. Amanda Miller, the vice president of marketing for the Trump Organization, said in a statement on Sunday that the Trump brand “remains incredibly strong, and we are seeing tremendous success across business units. ” The nonstop exposure provided by the presidential campaign has its upsides: Sales at Mr. Trump’s winery in Charlottesville are up 55 percent, said Kerry Woolard, its general manager. A few customers have headed there straight from his political rallies, she said. But there are signs of a strain: An online travel company, Hipmunk, has found that bookings for Trump hotels on its site fell 58 percent during the first half of 2016, compared with the same period a year ago. Eric Danziger, the chief executive of Trump Hotels, said that data from sites like Hipmunk “does not provide an accurate representation of our performance. ” In interviews, though, several   owners said they were avoiding Trump hotels. Elonide Semmes, the president of a Chicago branding company, has turned her anger at Mr. Trump into company policy: Expenses incurred at Trump properties shall not be reimbursed. “The one thing you can do is vote with your feet,” she said. Employees at ArtMotion, a New York agency that represents commercial photographers and illustrators, have done the same. They used to routinely book rooms at Trump hotels in New York and Chicago. But in response to what they saw as Mr. Trump’s factual distortions and ignorance of global affairs, the firm’s partners gave their travel agent a firm decree: “Don’t even think of booking us at Trump hotels,” recalled Billy Diesel, a  . “It’s a small amount of money, but it’s a way to make our voices heard,” Mr. Diesel said. The amount of money is not always small. Before they rebooked at a rival golf resort nearby, Mr. Gold and his friends had planned to spend about $18, 000 on a multiday stay at Mr. Trump’s Doral golf resort in Miami. They had played there for about 14 years, he said, long before Mr. Trump purchased and upgraded the property in 2012. “It’s a beautiful place,” Mr. Gold said with a sigh. The rejection has extended to brands controlled by Mr. Trump’s children, whom these consumers see as aiding and abetting the candidate they increasingly revile. A few weeks ago, Natalie Davis, 50, bought a navy blue sundress from an Ivanka Trump line of clothing at Lord  Taylor in Midtown Manhattan. “It fit me really nicely,” she said. But soon after, she heard Mr. Trump grimly and inaccurately describe the economic and social status of  : “You’re living in your poverty, your schools are no good, you have no jobs,” he said. Ms. Davis, who lives in New Jersey, was appalled. “The way he talked about black people  —   it’s like we are not human,” she said. Ms. Trump had not uttered the offending words, but Ms. Davis had watched her speak for her father at the Republican National Convention. That was enough. “I feel,” Ms. Davis said, “like she’s a puppet to her dad. ” Ms. Davis marched back into Lord  Taylor, handed a cashier her perfectly fitting sundress and asked for a refund. “There’s no way one penny of my money is going to anything with the Trump name on it,” Ms. Davis said. The cashier, she said, did not seem surprised. Ms. Davis got her $120 back. Retail workers, it seems, have grown accustomed to such interactions. Ryan Whitacre said he was simply following company policy at a Marshalls clothing store in central Ohio when he asked a woman why she was returning an Ivanka Trump shirt this summer. “She told me she didn’t want to support that name,” he recalled. “They want to get that name away from them as much as they can,” Mr. Whitacre added. The campaign spotlight is not all bad for Ms. Trump’s brands: The pink dress she wore at the convention quickly sold out, her aides said. For some seething voters, returning Trump products is no longer feasible: They sit, well worn, inside their closets and dressers. So they are taking creative measures. After hearing Mr. Trump rail against the loss of American manufacturing jobs to   foreign workers, Brian Betteridge, 33, a teacher outside Philadelphia, checked the label on his Trump Signature Collection   dress shirt. “Made in Indonesia,” it read, according to Mr. Betteridge. “I tossed it right into the garbage,” he said. “At that point, it represented all of these things about him that I could not stand. ” The shirt had been a gift from his grandmother. “I haven’t told her,” he said.",0
16405,FBI Insider: Clinton Emails Linked To Political Pedophile Sex Ring,"Posted on October 31, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US // 4 Comments 
An FBI source has confirmed that evidence has emerged from the Clinton email investigation that a massive child trafficking and pedophile sex ring operates in Washington. 
According to reports , at least 6 members of Congress and several leaders from federal agencies are implicated in the pedophile ring, which they say was run directly with the Clinton Foundation as a front. 
According to an NYPD source, emails found on Anthony Weiner’s laptop detail trips made by Weiner, Bill and Hillary Clinton on convicted pedophile pal billionaire Jeffrey Epstein’s plane ‘ Lolitta express ‘ to a place known as “ Sex Slave Island “. Will this be the fatal shot? NYPD talking about Child Porn ring involvement. This is NOT confirmed, but would gut Dems. #GoHillary #CNNSOTU pic.twitter.com/ke8YTz4DMh RELATED CONTENT",0
16406,James Woods Rips Planned Parenthood CEO in Mother’s Day Tweet,"Actor James Woods had a message for Planned Parenthood president and CEO Cecile Richards after she tweeted a Mother’s Day message of her own. [Richards, who testified before Congress that “abortion is health care,” tweeted Sunday:  Nothing says ”I love you, Mom!” like standing up for the right of mothers everywhere to get the care they need. https:  .   —   Cecile Richards (@CecileRichards) May 14, 2017,  Woods, a practicing Roman Catholic and conservative, responded to Richards: Hard to say ”I love you, Mom” from a medical waste dumpster  …     #DefundPP https:  .   —   James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) May 15, 2017,  And, as it turns out, many tweeted in response to Woods’s slam against the nation’s largest abortion vendor: @RealJamesWoods Her sentiment might mean something if PP actually provided healthcare for women, other than abortions. Which isn’t healthcare at all.  —   Sherry (@staylorwrite4) May 15, 2017,  @Nimz105 @staylorwrite4 Outstanding.  Like selling aborted baby parts like a chop shop. We’ve seen the hidden cameras revealing the truth. Can’t change facts.  —   John Porter (@John_Porter601) May 15, 2017,  @Nimz105 @staylorwrite4 I would love to visit your local PP Abortion factory. Can I bring state medical inspectors? Auditors? It would be a blast!  —   Josey Wales (@josephwales911) May 15, 2017,  Late last week, the Kardashian sisters also visited Planned Parenthood’s clinic in West Los Angeles: My sisters  I visited Planned Parenthood  learned so much! They are such an amazing place that provides so much to so many! #istandwithpp pic. twitter.   —   Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 13, 2017,    organization Live Action has produced a video that utilizes Planned Parenthood’s annual reports to show the actual decline in its healthcare services, while abortions have increased. “Over the last six years, Planned Parenthood’s annual clientele has dropped half a million clients,” Live Action reports in the video. “And over the last ten years reported, Planned Parenthood has shut down over 200 facilities. ” The video adds that over the last ten years, Planned Parenthood’s annual breast exams have declined 60 percent, leaving the group with less than two percent of breast exams performed in the United States. Additionally, the group’s annual Pap tests have decreased 77 percent, resulting in a current market share of less than one percent of these procedures. Similarly, Planned Parenthood’s annual cancer screenings have reportedly decreased 68 percent, an outcome that leaves the group with less than two percent of U. S. cancer screenings performed for women. “However, Planned Parenthood’s annual abortions have increased 27 percent,” observes Live Action, noting the group performs 34. 9 percent of abortions in the nation. Despite the stark decline in services other than abortions, Planned Parenthood’s government funding has more than doubled, from $272 million to $553 million, with the group claiming taxpayer funding is not used to pay for abortions. Maybe not so safe for the future generation  …     pic. twitter.   —   James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) April 17, 2017, ",0
16407,Arnold Schwarzenegger Launches Campaign to Terminate Gerrymandering,"Come with me  …     if you want congressional districts to be drawn fairly. [Arnold Schwarzenegger has launched a nationwide   campaign that aims to place Congressional   in the hands of independent, unbiased commissions.  In a post to his Facebook page this week, the    actor and former California governor promised to match any donations made to his new fundraising campaign, which is aimed at fixing what he calls a “broken” system of drawing district lines in which representatives with approval ratings worse than “herpes, colonoscopies and cockroaches” continually get  . “At the same time, it seems like the American people are more divided than at any time in recent memory,” Schwarzenegger wrote. “That’s no accident  —   our politicians have literally divided us, drawing map lines so that they can pick the voters they want to represent, instead of letting the voters pick them. ” “When I was elected Governor of California in 2003 a lot of voters imagined I would be the Kindergarten Cop and break the gridlock in the legislature singlehandedly, but I realized very quickly that the problem ran much deeper,” he added. “Because legislators were drawing their own districts, they were picking their voters and virtually assuring their own  . Most politicians came from hardcore Democratic districts or hardcore Republican districts and had no incentive to leave their partisan corners to come together for the people of California. ” Schwarzenegger went on to explain that California’s adoption of an independent commission to draw congressional districts nearly ten years ago resulted in four House seats changing party hands in the 2008 election, what he said was a 400 percent increase from the past decade in just one year. “It’s a   attack  —   we will fight gerrymandering with grassroots initiatives, we will fight it by lobbying in state capitols, and we will fight it in the courts,” Schwarzenegger wrote. “Together, we will win. ” As of Sunday afternoon, the “Terminate Gerrymandering” fundraising page on CrowdPac had raised more than $15, 000. Schwarzenegger has been both politically active and gone back to his acting roots in recent months. In addition to feuding openly with President Donald Trump, the former governor hosted a reboot of Trump’s popular Apprentice reality show, before announcing earlier this year he would not return for a second season. Earlier this month, Schwarzenegger told Entertainment Weekly that he hoped to begin shooting a sequel to his 1988 comedy Twins  —   tentatively titled Triplets  —   later this year.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
16408,Police Fatally Shoot Man on a Midtown Manhattan Street - The New York Times,"It is the kind of nervous moment that almost any New Yorker would recognize, the reason that even in a city where crime is at historic lows, direct eye contact is sometimes not considered the wisest maneuver. A man, angry and ranting in a public place. It could be on the subway, on a street corner or in a shop. In most cases, it is just a fleeting incident in a very big city, a brief reminder that it is a good idea to keep your wits about you. On Wednesday morning, however, it ended with blood on the streets after a man lunged at a police officer with a knife and was shot dead by other officers. One woman, a bystander, suffered a minor wound after being grazed by a bullet. It was shortly after 8 a. m. when a man later identified by the police as Garry Conrad Jr. 46, of Upper Manhattan, entered the Food Emporium grocery store at 49th Street and Eighth Avenue. He was disheveled and agitated. He wanted to buy beer. But as he shopped, he threatened customers, officials said. “He became aggressive and belligerent,” said James P. O’Neill, the chief of department for the New York Police Department. “He was swearing at the people in the store. ” As Mr. Conrad was going to pay, his confrontation with the cashier escalated. “She asked to see some I. D.,” Robert K. Boyce, the chief of detectives, said. A retired state law enforcement officer in the store thought it best to find a police officer and flagged down one, who was on foot patrol. At the same time, employees of the Food Emporium forced Mr. Conrad from the premises, the police said. On the corner of 49th Street and Eighth Avenue, the officer engaged him, grabbing him by his backpack. They both went crashing to the pavement, the police said. “As the suspect got back on his feet he displayed an   knife and approached the officer and two other officers who were coming to his assistance,” Chief O’Neill said. The man was ordered to drop the weapon but refused, he said. At that point, another officer rushing to the scene fired seven rounds at Mr. Conrad, and a police sergeant fired two more rounds at him, according to the police. Their names were not released. It was unclear how many times Mr. Conrad was struck, but he fell to the ground and was pronounced dead at the scene. The police said that they expect to find video recordings of the episode, but all indications were that the shooting was justified. The bystander who was injured, a    woman, was standing north of the point of the shooting. The police described her injuries as minor. The officer who wrestled Mr. Conrad to the ground suffered a cut to his hand. It was almost a year to the day after the police shot a man wielding a hammer on a Midtown street, farther south on Eighth Avenue. That attack also took place in broad daylight on a crowded city street, and as was the case then, the crime scene on Wednesday quickly turned into a public spectacle. Diners at a nearby cafe, Pigalle, were startled by the gunfire, setting down their coffee and their croissants and going out onto the street to see what had happened. Guests at the Hilton Garden Inn peered from their hotel windows as the police draped a white blanket over the dead man, his blood staining the pavement.",0
16409,Blockbuster Audio From '06 of Hillary Proposing RIGGING Palestine Election,"Blockbuster Audio From '06 of Hillary Proposing RIGGING Palestine Election   Observer 

On September 5, 2006, Eli Chomsky was an editor and staff writer for the Jewish Press, and Hillary Clinton was running for a shoo-in re-election as a U.S. senator. Her trip making the rounds of editorial boards brought her to Brooklyn to meet the editorial board of the Jewish Press.The tape was never released and has only been heard by the small handful of Jewish Press staffers in the room. According to Chomsky, his old-school audiocassette is the only existent copy and no one has heard it since 2006, until today when he played it for the Observer.The tape is 45 minutes and contains much that is no longer relevant, such as analysis of the re-election battle that Sen. Joe Lieberman was then facing in Connecticut. But a seemingly throwaway remark about elections in areas controlled by the Palestinian Authority has taken on new relevance amid persistent accusations in the presidential campaign by Clinton’s Republican opponent Donald Trump that the current election is “rigged.”Hillary Clinton listens to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speak during the third U.S. presidential debate at the Thomas & Mack Center on October 19, 2016 in Las Vegas, Nevada.Hillary Clinton listens to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speak during the third U.S. presidential debate at the Thomas & Mack Center on October 19, 2016 in Las Vegas, Nevada.Speaking to the Jewish Press about the January 25, 2006, election for the second Palestinian Legislative Council (the legislature of the Palestinian National Authority), Clinton weighed in about the result, which was a resounding victory for Hamas (74 seats) over the U.S.-preferred Fatah (45 seats).“I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake,” said Sen. Clinton. “And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.”",0
16410,Donald Trump Honors ’Beloved President’ Andrew Jackson in Nashville - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump honored former President Andrew Jackson, celebrating his 250th birthday by visiting Hermitage, Jackson’s home in Nashville, Tennessee. [“Look what he was able to do, look what he was able to build,” Trump marveled as he told the story of Jackson, who was orphaned as a young boy before fighting in the Revolutionary War.  “Andrew Jackson was a military hero and genius and a beloved president, but he was also a flawed and imperfect man, the product of his time,” Trump said. Trump told the story of Jackson being captured by the British during the Revolutionary War as a boy and being slashed with a saber when he refused to shine an officer’s boots. “It was during the revolution that Jackson first confronted and defied an arrogant elite,” Trump said. “Does that sound familiar to you?” “Oh, I know the feeling, Andrew,” Trump smiled as he shook his head. Trump explained that since the event, Jackson defied elites and authority figures throughout his life. “Jackson’s victories shook the establishment like an earthquake,” Trump said. He quoted Henry Clay calling Jackson’s victory as president “mortifying” and “sickening. ” “Oh boy, does this sound familiar,” Trump grinned, as the audience laughed loudly. Trump told the audience that Jackson removed ten percent of the federal workforce, expanded veterans benefits, rooted out corruption, imposed tariffs to protect American workers  —   something he was also committed to doing. “Wait till you see what’s happening pretty soon folks,” he said. The president reminded the spectators that he brought the Andrew Jackson portrait into the Oval Office, adding that he can see the Magnolia tree planted on the South Lawn by Jackson. “Now we must work in our time   …     to expand the blessings of America to every citizen in our land and when we do, watch us grow,” Trump said. “We will truly be one nation. ”",0
16411,"Turkey Attacks EU Headscarf Ruling, Says Strengthens ’Anti-Muslim Trends’","ISTANBUL (AFP)  —   Turkey on Tuesday attacked a ruling by the EU’s top court that European companies can ban employees from wearing religious or political symbols including the Islamic headscarf, saying it would intensify   sentiment. [“The European Court of Justice decision on the headscarf today will only strengthen   and xenophobic trends,” Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s spokesman Ibrahim Kalin said in a tweet.  “Quo vadis Europa? (Where is Europe going? )” he added. The response came as Turkey is locked in a mighty row with Germany, the Netherlands and other EU states over the blocking of Turkish officials from holding rallies abroad in the campaign for a referendum on expanding Erdogan’s powers. The European Court of Justice (ECJ) said it does not constitute “direct discrimination” if a firm has an internal rule banning the wearing of “any political, philosophical or religious sign. ” The   court was considering the case of a Muslim woman fired by the security company G4S in Belgium after she insisted on wearing a headscarf. Turkey last month said it was lifting a historic ban on female officers wearing the Islamic headscarf in the country’s officially secular armed forces, the last institution where the wearing of the garment was forbidden.",0
16414,CBS Offers Pathetically Slimy Correction To Its MILO ’White Nationalist’ Lie - Breitbart,"The local CBS News affiliate in Seattle issued a   correction to an article in which they called Breitbart editor MILO a “white nationalist. ”[The original article, which falsely branded MILO a “white nationalist,” and a leader of the   movement was slightly modified. It now repeats the false claims of others instead of making the claims itself.  “Yiannopoulos  —   who had been invited to speak Friday by the University of Washington College Republicans  —   who has been called a white nationalist and “ ” leader, a charge that Yiannopoulos has repeatedly denied,” the article now reads. Claiming that an individual “has been called” a certain something is questionable with regards to journalistic standards because it does not require the reporter to substantiate the claim. Unlike the local CBS affiliate, several other news outlets have issued whole corrections after falsely branding MILO a “white nationalist. ”",0
16415,"Russia Develops Cheap, Easily Replaceable Mini Drones","  Edmondo Burr in Technology // 0 Comments Nano drone used by U.S. Special Forces in Afghanistan Russia is developing a micro reconnaissance drone and other miniature UAVs that can be easily replaced if shot down on the battle field. 
The pocket-sized reconnaissance drones are easy to launch and cheap to manufacturer. 
RT.com reports: 
“ Right now we are working on several types of UAVs, ” Russia’s United Instrument Corporation said in a statement. “ Each drone or a group of drones will be chosen to perform specific missions depending on the objective, weather conditions and the landscape, ” the company added. RELATED CONTENT Russia: US, Allies To Blame For Russian Embassy Attack In Damascus 
The Russian mini-UAVs will challenge the 16-gram Norwegian-built Black Hornet drone, which is currently used by the US Marine Corps’ Special Ops units. 
All the drones in the line are dragonfly-sized copters, which are easy to control, maneuver and maintain, according to the manufacturer. 
The operational rage of the aircraft will be enough to carry out battlefield reconnaissance as well as take part in law enforcement and anti-terrorist operations. 
“ Such drones are relatively cheap and can be quickly replaced if shot down or malfunctioning, and this is what makes them so special, ” the statement added. 
The copters will capture and transfer HD videos and photos in real time, allowing the operator to identify even the tiniest details on the ground. Another important feature of the drones is their ease of use, United Instrument Corporation said. Controlling them will require a very short learning curve, and mere minutes needed to make the aircraft operational. Black Hornet Drone",0
16416,"James Comey Corroborates Trump Not Under Investigation, Did Not Pressure Him to Drop Russia Probe","The Senate intelligence committee released on Wednesday remarks prepared by former FBI Director James Comey for delivery the next day. [In the prepared remarks, Comey confirms that he told Trump he was not under FBI investigation multiple times, as Trump has asserted.  Comey said he told the president on January 6, January 27, and on March 30 that he was not under investigation. They also show that Trump had never pressured Comey to drop the FBI’s investigation of whether there was any collusion between his campaign and Russia. In fact, according to Comey, Trump had said it would be “good” to find out of there were some “satellite” associates of his who did something wrong. In his remarks, Comey clarified conversations with Trump that his “associates” relayed to the media  —   which showed Trump never “demanded” loyalty or “pressured” him to drop any investigation on Flynn or the broader Russia. According to a May 11 New York Times report, Trump had told Comey he “needed his loyalty. ” The headline read, “In a Private Dinner, Trump Demanded Loyalty. Comey Demurred. ” However, according to Comey’s account, Trump never asked Comey to pledge his loyalty, and Comey never refused, as the Times reported. Trump had, according to the account, said, “I need loyalty. I expect loyalty. ” Comey said he did not respond to the comment. Later in the conversation, he said Trump said again, “I need loyalty,” and that he responded, “You will always get honesty from me. ” He said the president then said, “That’s what I want, honest loyalty,” to which Comey said, “You will get that from me. ” Comey said he was not sure what the president meant, and he did not ask, leaving it unclear as to what Trump actually wanted from him and what he meant by “loyalty,” and in what context. As the Times also noted in the report, “Throughout his career, Mr. Trump has made loyalty from the people who work for him a key priority, often discharging employees he considers insufficiently reliable. ” Comey also provided more context to a conversation he had with Trump on February 14, in which the president reportedly asked him to drop the FBI investigation on his former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, whom he had dismissed the day before. The Washington Post ran an article on May 16 that was headlined, “Notes made by FBI Director Comey say Trump pressured him to end Flynn probe. ” However, Comey’s account makes it far from clear that he was ever “pressured. ” Comey said the president said, “I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go. He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go. ” Comey said the president then turned to the subject of leaks. Comey did not say whether he responded to the president’s comment, which he characterized as a “request. ” A White House statement at the time said, “the president has never asked Mr. Comey or anyone else to end an investigation, including any investigation involving General Flynn. ” Comey also clarified that he understood the president’s comment as a request that any investigation of Flynn be dropped  —   but not “the broader investigation into Russia or possible links to his campaign. ” The former FBI director also addressed why he did not tell anyone outside of senior FBI leadership about the President’s comment. He said he did not pass on that information to others in the FBI because he didn’t want to “infect” the investigative team, and because he did not intend to abide by the request. He also said he had nothing to corroborate his story (which he still does not) and that he didn’t tell Attorney General Jeff Sessions because Sessions was expected to recuse himself from the investigation. They also decided not to tell the deputy attorney general, who would not long be there in that role. “After discussing the matter, we decided to keep it very closely held, resolving to figure out what to do with it down the road as our investigation progressed,” he said. Comey said the investigation actually “moved ahead at full speed. ” Comey does not explain why he never told anyone in Congress, including congressional committees that oversee the FBI. He will likely be asked on Thursday why he did not come to Congress. In fact, he told Sen. Mazie Hirono ( ) last month that a situation where the FBI was told to stop something for a political reason has “not happened in my experience. ” Comey said Trump had called him on March 30 and said the Russia investigation was like “a cloud” impairing his ability to act on behalf of the country, and asked what the FBI could do to “lift the cloud. ” Comey said he told him they were investigating the matter as quickly as they could. He said he again told Trump he was not being personally investigated. He said Trump had repeatedly told him, “We need to get that fact out. ” Comey said he did not tell the president that the FBI and Justice Department were reluctant to do that, since that would create a duty to correct the record if things changed, but that he would “see what we could do” to lift the cloud. “I told him I would see what we could do, and that we would do our investigative work well and as quickly as we could,” he said. Comey also said he called Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente for guidance, but he never received a call back. Trump would call back two weeks later asking what he had done to make it clear that he was not personally under investigation. Comey said Trump said he would “have his people” reach out to Boente, and that he told the President that was the way to go. Comey said Trump said he would do that and added, “Because I have been very loyal to you, very loyal we had that thing you know. ” But Comey said he wasn’t sure what the President meant. “That was the last time I spoke with President Trump,” Comey said.",0
16417,Brooklyn’s Wearable Revolution - The New York Times,"Monday is what for many in the     nexus is considered the highlight of the social season: the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s Costume Institute gala. Before guests like Sarah Jessica Parker and Johnny Depp run the flashbulb gantlet to get to their Champagne and canapés, however, they will have to   the   Anna Wintour, Miuccia Prada, Taylor Swift, Nicolas Ghesquière, Idris Elba and Jonathan Ive, and at least pretend to pay attention to the nominal reason they are there: the opening of “Manus x Machina,” the Met’s annual fashion blockbuster exhibition. A meditation on the assumptions we all make about what constitutes value in clothing, the show features 150 garments made between the 1880s and last February by names like Chanel, Iris van Herpen, Lanvin and Hussein Chalayan, and is meant to draw attention to the increasingly meaningless standoff between hand and machine. Why do we believe a dress that took one seamstress thousands of hours to embroider is worth more than a dress that took thousands of hours to 3D print? Can you even tell the difference? “Technology is eroding the difference between haute couture and  ” said Andrew Bolton, chief curator of the Costume Institute, who wants the show to convince viewers that “we need a new paradigm for thinking about creativity. ” Not to mention, he added, to raise the question of what wearables really means. The implication being that, despite the fact that Apple, maker of the Apple Watch (a. k. a. the poster object for wearables) is a sponsor of the show, the answer is not necessarily a gadget you strap on your body. Rather it may have something to do with what is going on a few miles to the south of the museum, across the East River in a cavernous old industrial building in Sunset Park, Brooklyn. That is the headquarters of Manufacture New York, a fashion incubator, factory and research facility housed in a landmark building that was once Storehouse No. 2 of the United States Navy Fleet Supply Base (so noted on a plaque by the entrance) and is now the wearables epicenter of a Brooklyn waterfront reinvention that has been taking place over the last few years. Forget Silicon Valley and Silicon Beach. Welcome to the land of the Silicon Schmatte. Incubator hubs in former factories have begun to dot the river’s edge and the uplands like pearls on a string: Aside from Manufacture NY, there is the Greenpoint Design and Manufacturing Center, a complex of old brick buildings originally built for the textile industry, and New Lab in the Brooklyn Navy Yard (which concentrates on prototyping and structures) to name just a few. Then there is the Brooklyn Army Terminal, just a few blocks down from Manufacture NY’s home, and a     center for “advanced manufacturing” (including biotech) in the words of Maria   president of the New York Economic Development Corporation, which will manage the space. Thanks to an unexpected collision of circumstances  —   a borough with a surfeit of unused industrial spaces city planning (the realization on the part of the development corporation, among other agencies, “that there is enormous economic opportunity in encouraging this identity,” according to Scott Cohen, one of the founders of New Lab) the rise of the maker movement, with its emphasis on small businesses thinking in a local and custom way and the city’s legacy as a fashion capital  —   New York, especially Brooklyn, has become “the natural home of the greater wearables movement,” said Francis Bitonti, a designer who runs a namesake studio and whose primary tools are algorithms and 3D printers. “The West Coast has a lot of software talent, but not really a strong fashion culture,” said Mr. Bitonti, who has collaborated on dresses for Dita Von Teese and Chromat and shoes for United Nude. “They take a very     approach to their  . ” Manufacture NY has a somewhat different approach. Manufacture NY was founded in 2012 by Bob Bland, 33, a redhead with stints at Polo Ralph Lauren and Tommy Hilfiger on her résumé, who was inspired to “create the   garment district” after struggling to run her own label, Brooklyn Royalty, and source production locally. Now the group aims to focus on the points where design intersects with technology, and how together they can alter the supply chain. To this end, the   executive team includes a chief technology officer named Amanda Parkes, a    computer scientist and mechanical engineer with long blond hair who talks at warp speed, has a thing for biofabrication, and tends to pepper her sentences with words like “density mapping,” “voxel” and “hacking interfaces. ” Together, she and Ms. Bland are the sharp point of the wearables spear. They function a bit like “Charlie’s Angels,” if the angels had thrown off the patriarchy and gone out on their own. “We want to create a whole new genre of company that will have the instincts and design skills of fashion and the back end of research and I. P.,” Ms. Parkes said, pointing out that current fashion   exist in one sphere and tech   in another, and, generally, never the twain do meet. But, Ms. Parkes said, “If you are making a clothing line, you need research facilities for the hydrophobic nanotechnology that’s going to make it special, and you need to know what it takes to create a private label so you can actually bring it to market. ” If you are Dan Steingart, an assistant professor of mechanical engineering at Princeton and an energy specialist who is researching how to make fabric into a battery, “You need to know who can actually scale the fabric you make, or who can actually make clothes out of it. Who can design them. ” You need to be in the same ecosystem. Or at least on the same floor  —   all 160, 000 square feet of it, with washed concrete floors, giant mullioned windows and curving pillars nearing completion. (Manufacture NY is in a temporary home on a lower floor.) There will be space for 30 or 40 companies, a denim lab, digital printing, laser cutting, 3D knitting, weaving, chemistry and biology labs, and a working sample room. At the moment, 15 are in the temporary site, with another 50 or so linked into their network. Not all of them are  . But all of them embody, to varying extents, this new kind of thinking and function somewhat as a circuit unto themselves. Dropel, for example, was   by Simardev Gulati, scion of a    family in India, who studied international trade and finance at Oxford. He and the   Bradley Feinstein, a former consultant, have patented a nanotechnology process that bonds hydrophobic polymers with natural fibers on the molecular level to make them   and   a process that can be licensed by clothing brands. Translated it means that a linen or cotton or denim shirt looks and feels exactly like linen or cotton or denim, but if you spill cranberry juice (or soy sauce or wine) on it, the liquid beads right off. Recently they were in the “office” hanging out near Jae Rhim Lee, an artist and TED fellow, who first became known for her “burial shroud,” an art project she created at M. I. T. that combined biological material (mushrooms) with textiles to help achieve perfect physical decomposition after death. “But I’m not a designer, so it didn’t look that attractive,” she said. Ms. Parkes introduced Ms. Lee to Daniel Silverstein, a Fashion Institute of Technology graduate who had interned at Carolina Herrera before going out on his own, and who has a space in Manufacture NY denoted by a gold velvet vintage chaise, a silver bowl of apples and two rails of clothing. Mr. Silverstein redesigned the funeral shroud into a neatly tailored funeral suit, and now Ms. Lee plans to sell it for $1, 500. Mr. Silverstein, meanwhile, spends most of his time creating   tops, for his label ZWD (Zero Waste Daniel) that are painstakingly and personally collaged from scrap fabric left on the   floor at local factories, so that within its basic contours no one garment is the same. His goal is to connect with a company using visual algorithms that allow robots to identify and manipulate the scraps, which would allow him to automate the process and produce at scale (and use up ever more textile ends that would otherwise end up as landfill). “If you put designers and engineers really close to the manufacturing process, what happens is they realize they do things the way they do because they are working with machines that were made a long time ago,” said Mr. Cohen of New Lab. “Suddenly they say, ‘Why not just make a new machine?’ And it transforms the process. ” Indeed, process is the key word in the language of the new wearables, as it reflects the idea of technology used to improve the creation of an object, as opposed to technology that is the object in itself. Such was the genesis of Thesis Couture, a Manufacture NY   shoe line founded by Dolly Singh, the former head of talent at Elon Musk’s SpaceX, who in 2013 enlisted a rocket scientist, an orthopedic surgeon, a mechanical engineer, a shoe designer and an Italian shoemaker in her goal of   the stiletto. “It essentially hasn’t changed since it was invented in 1950,” said Ms. Singh, who has spent the last two years trying to build a better shoe. Now she says they have done it. The result, which is in prototype and they hope will be available to order next month, is a limited edition of 1, 500 pairs, each pair selling for $900. On first view the shoe looks like a black leather   gladiator sandal very much in the Jimmy     Blahnik vein, except it is made of   thermal plastic polyurethane, the pieces of which snap together. There are no internal steel shanks, as is traditional. The trademarked system is known as “structural interlocking architecture” and will make “a   stiletto feel like a wedge,” Ms. Singh said. Thesis Couture’s website already has a list of almost 11, 000 interested consumers who are waiting to be notified when the shoe goes live, as well as another 2, 100 who have registered to place orders. Ms. Singh plans to do a Series A   next year, at which point she intends to bring out a   collection, each style balanced on a towering spike and named after a   woman: the Sally Ride (a black ankle boot with a curve of gold beads) the Maya Angelou (an     with a contrasting color heel) the Malala Yousafzai (a hot pink sandal with a gold ankle strap) and so on. “The fact is, technology has been a part of fashion forever,” Mr. Bitonti said. “Fashion has always used tools, whether they are sewing machines or knitting needles. ” Back at the Met, Mr. Bolton called this “silent technology”  —   the tech you can’t see, like the ultrasonic welding used by Nicolas Ghesquière in a floral dress for Louis Vuitton  —   and said that for him, it and the collaboration it represents is the future of fashion. Not to mention Brooklyn.",0
16418,Far-Right Party in Austria Challenges Results of Presidential Vote - The New York Times,"VIENNA  —   The   Freedom Party of Austria filed a legal challenge on Wednesday over the results of the country’s presidential election, disputing the outcome of the May 22 runoff, in which the party’s candidate, Norbert Hofer, was narrowly defeated. Officials said there was no precedent for a challenge to the outcome of a presidential election in the history of modern Austria, a federal republic that was reconstituted in 1945 from the ashes of Nazi Germany, which annexed the country in 1938. The challenge, submitted by the party’s chairman to the Constitutional Court, injected an element of uncertainty into a debate that has already stirred questions over the strength of the far right in a nation with a fraught wartime past. Mr. Hofer led the first round of voting, on April 24, in which the country’s two mainstream parties were handed a humbling defeat. The runoff pitted Mr. Hofer against an independent candidate and former leader of the Greens, Alexander Van der Bellen. The results were too close to call when polls closed at 5 p. m. on May 22 only after nearly 700, 000   ballots were tallied was the result announced, midafternoon on May 23. Mr. Van der Bellen was declared the winner, with 50. 35 percent of the vote and a very tight lead of 30, 863 ballots, according to the Interior Ministry. On Wednesday, the Freedom Party’s chairman,   Strache, submitted 150 pages of documents to the Constitutional Court, claiming “numerous irregularities and failures” in the counting of the runoff votes. According to the Austrian news agency APA, Mr. Strache submitted three documents: one from himself, the second from Mr. Hofer and the third from “voters and citizens. ” Mr. Strache said there had been electoral irregularities or fraud in 94 of 117 regional polling stations. In 82 of the stations, he said, at least 573, 000   ballots were sorted or counted before the election authorities were even on site to monitor the process. “We are not sore losers, and we are not disputing for dispute’s sake,” Mr. Strache said at a news conference. “The mistrust is justified. Without these failures and irregularities, Norbert Hofer could have been president. ” The Freedom Party had already claimed election irregularities  —   including premature counting of   ballots and erroneous tallies  —   but Mr. Strache went further on Wednesday, calling the   ballot system a “systemic failure. ” According to the APA, the Interior Ministry has called for an investigation into   at six polling stations. The Constitutional Court could call for a recount or even a  . Austrian law requires that the challenge must be resolved “within four weeks of submission. ” That would be July 6  —   two days before Mr. Van der Bellen’s inauguration. The president of Austria is elected for a   term and serves as head of state, though the position is largely ceremonial. The incumbent, Heinz Fischer, is completing his second term and was not allowed to seek a third. In 1986, Kurt Waldheim, a former foreign minister and secretary general of the United Nations, was elected president of Austria, despite revelations that he had concealed his wartime involvement with German military units that executed thousands of Yugoslav partisans and civilians and deported thousands of Greek Jews to death camps between 1942 and 1944. A commission of historians found no evidence that Mr. Waldheim was guilty of war crimes, but concluded that he must have been aware of the atrocities and, by doing nothing, had facilitated them. Mr. Waldheim did not seek   in 1992 he died in 2007.",0
16419,"More Law Degrees for Women, but Fewer Good Jobs - The New York Times","Women currently occupy nearly half of all the seats in American law schools, gaining credentials for a professional career once all but reserved for men. But their large presence on campus does not mean women have the same job prospects as men. New research indicates that female law students are clustered in   schools, and fewer women are enrolled in the country’s most prestigious institutions. Such distribution can make a significant difference in whether female law graduates land legal jobs that pay higher wages and afford   job security and professional advancement. Women “are less likely than men to attend the schools that send a high percentage of graduates into the profession,” said Deborah J. Merritt, a law professor at the Moritz College of Law at Ohio State University, who   the report called, “The Leaky Pipeline for Women Entering the Legal Profession. ” This means women “start at a disadvantage” that may well continue throughout their professional lives, Ms. Merritt said. Despite the high numbers with law degrees, women hold fewer than 20 percent of partnerships at law firms and are underrepresented in the higher echelons of law, including the ranks of judges, corporate counsel, law school deans and professors. Ms. Merritt and Kyle McEntee, executive director of the nonprofit group Law School Transparency, decided to examine American Bar Association data and other official statistics to see why fewer qualified women made it into the legal profession’s highest rungs even though there has been general numerical equality in law school enrollment for more than two decades. They found that the disadvantage for women was created by more than overall numbers it began even before law school, when a smaller percentage of female college graduates applied to law school compared with similarly credentialed men. Even though women earn 57 percent of college degrees, they account for just under 51 percent of law school applicants. And when they do apply, they are less likely to be accepted. For 2015, for example, 75. 8 percent of applications from women were accepted compared with 79. 5 percent of applications by men, according to figures from the Law School Admission Council, which collects data on the gender and ethnicity of applicants. There is also a gap depending on a law school’s national ranking or its job placement success, according to the study. Over all, 49. 4 percent of the country’s nearly 114, 000 law school students are women, but that percentage drops at the top 50 nationally ranked schools.   schools, in the   academic year, enrolled just over 47 percent of women as students compared with   or unranked law schools, which enrolled 53. 5 percent women as students, according to study data. Law school rankings are sometimes disputed, so the research team checked the enrollment figures at schools with strong records of postgraduate employment. Law schools that claimed they placed 85 percent of their graduates in gold standard jobs, defined as     positions that require passing the state bar exam, had fewer women enrolled than men, by about 3 percentage points. The divide was even greater in the next rung of schools, where 70 to 84 percent of students found jobs requiring bar passage. The enrollment discrepancy for women was almost 4 percent below men. In contrast, the   schools  —   the ones that listed fewer than 40 percent of their graduates in jobs that require bar passage  —   had noticeably higher female enrollment, at 55. 9 percent of students. That indicates women who graduate from less prestigious schools have fewer opportunities to be hired for their first   legal job, which can be decisive in shaping a career, Ms. Merritt said. One reason for the gender gap, Ms. Merritt and Mr. McEntee said in the report, was that the national rankings have become so important that the 50   schools “increasingly stress LSAT (Law School Admission Test) scores over other admissions factors as they fight for better rankings. This disadvantages women, who have lower LSAT scores (on average) than men. ” Women score an average of two points lower than men on the LSAT, which is still the key admissions number. Since law school rankings are weighted heavily on this number, that discrepancy gives elite law schools a greater reason  —   all other things being equal  —   to accept a man over a woman. Ms. Merritt also noted that test scores affect financial aid, which can be crucial in choosing a law school. Prestigious schools have high tuition, and generous financial assistance helps to defray those costs, which can easily reach over $100, 000. Currently, there is little transparency in how law schools negotiate tuition assistance and whether there are gender differences influencing how such sums are distributed, although most schools admit that they bargain over their overall price tag. Some law schools that found their rolls seriously lacking women students have taken active steps to recruit them. Washington University School of Law in St. Louis, for example, began taking a more active approach when its 2013 entering class shrank to 38 percent women, a drop from 45 percent the previous year. “We noticed the dip in women and it was very disconcerting,” said Nancy Staudt, the school’s dean. “We have stepped up our efforts through social media and other means, to talk to those considering law school and those who have been accepted, and we try to find the right fit for them. ” By 2014, the school, which is 18th in the national rankings, had an entering class that was 43 percent female. The current 2016 class is 50 percent women, Dean Staudt said. More deans have been   with recruiting since law school applicant numbers began to slide and tuition began to climb in recent years. But while postgraduate employment is more transparent, the admissions process at the country’s   accredited law schools remains murky. Jay Shively, dean for admissions and financial aid at Wake Forest University School of Law, said that the admissions process was “very  ” and that schools were aware of the repercussions “if they lose a couple of points on U. S. News,” referring to the U. S. News  World Report annual law school rankings. “If you are a top 50 school, I think you have to be very aware of your medians and how losing a point or gaining a point might impact your ranking and thus the sort of student that might be attracted to you,” Mr. Shively said in a podcast produced by Law School Transparency, released on Wednesday with the research.",0
16420,"Hillary Clinton staffer: ""Millennials Are F-king Dumb""","
A new email released by Wikileaks as part of the Podesta dump features Hillary ally Wendy Bronfein advising Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta on how to reach “f**king dumb” young people.
Marketing executive Bronfein tells Podesta in Wikileaks ID 34866 that Clinton “may not be the best face” to attract younger voters and that she needs to utilize “trending figures” as par of an “infusion to pull younger voters” because “that’s the crap that young people pay attention to”.
Bronfein goes on to state, “It’s f**king dumb but being “cool” counts for more than it maybe should.”
She references Bill Clinton’s saxophone playing as an example of this before asserting, “I hate to generalize a generation but by social media nature, they “follow”. So if someone they identify as cool endorses – they will likely fall in line with that candidate.”
Bronfein is introduced to John Podesta in another email as someone who “could be immensely helpful in improving HRC’s connection to millennials.”
The email is yet another example of the disdain that Hillary insiders have for Clinton’s own voters.
Yesterday, we highlighted how Clinton ally Brent Budowsky accused Hillary operative David Brock of having a plan that relied upon black voters being “stupid”.
In an audio recording leaked earlier this month, Hillary Clinton was caught on tape saying Bernie Sanders supporters are “living in their parents’ basement” and had bought into a “false promise”. In another Wikileaks Hillary Clinton was caught calling Bernie Sanders youth supporters “ bucket of losers ”.
In another email , Clinton operative Bill Ivey spoke of the need to maintain political power by producing “an unaware and compliant citizenry”.

Source 
",0
16421,Дочь Сердюкова объяснила свое исчезновение,"0 комментариев 10 поделились Фото: Fotodom.ru/DP 
Как сообщил РИА Новости источник, знакомый с ситуацией, полицейские уже опросили девочек, вернувшихся домой. Никто из подростков противоправных действий не совершал. 
По словам источника агентства, дочь бывшего министра обороны, выбросила мобильный телефон возле метро, документов с собой в ""путешествие"" не взяла. 
27 октября в СМИ появилась информация о том, что в Москве без вести пропали две школьницы . 13-летняя Наталья, дочь Анатолия Сердюкова якобы сбежала из дома вместе с 16-летней подругой. К поиску подростков были подключены сотрудники ФСБ РФ. 
В то же время, источник в правоохранительных органах сообщил РИА Новости, что сообщения о пропаже дочери бывшего министра обороны России Анатолия Сердюкова полицию Москвы не поступали. 
Между тем ""МК"" продолжал настаивать на том, что девочки совершили побег. Якобы школьницы запланировали побег еще несколько дней назад и до этого вели себя очень странно. 
По словам родных 16-летней девочки, в выходные школьница купила походную палатку. А 26 октября, надев теплые вещи, немного перекусила и убежала из дома на глазах удивленных родственников. Позже бы найдена записка со словами: ""Я ушла познавать мир"". 
Родители сразу же обратились в полицию. Тогда и выяснилось, что их ребенок сбежал не один, а с подружкой Наташей. Девочки познакомились в интернете, а за день до побега ходили вместе в театр. 
Как ранее сообщали СМИ, перед побегом 13-летняя дочь Сердюкова также оповестила родителей. Девочка отправила маме смс-сообщение: ""Я ухожу из дома"". Однако телефон беглянка отключила не сразу, поэтому аппарат успели запеленговать. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda.Ru на сегодня Подросток на ""Феррари"" устроил ""огненное ДТП"" в Москве Поделиться:",0
16422,Erste Bank Open: Murray beats Klizan 2-1,"News Bulletin Andy Murray of Great Britain returns the ball during a tennis match against Martin Klizan of Slovakia at the ATP Tennis tournament in Vienna, Austria, October 26, 2016. © AFP 
Britain’s Andy Murray has booked his spot in the second round of the Erste Bank Open by defeating Slovakia’s Martin Klizan 2-1 in Vienna. Andy Murray. © AFP 
Murray was tested in the Wednesday match as he managed to overcome his opponent after 2 hours and 22 minutes. 
The Scot won the opening set 6-3, but the Slovakian kept up with him all the way in the second and came out on top to take it 7-6 and tie the match at 1 a-piece. Martin Klizan. © AFP 
The number 1 seed, however, produced some master class performance in the 3rd and didn’t let Klizan to even win a game as he advanced into the last 16 with a bagel. He’ll next face Frenchman Gilles Simon. Loading ...",0
16423,Moveable Feast Cafe 2016/11/18 … Open Thread,"Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. Name:",0
16424,"Donald Trump, Samsung, Yemen: Your Monday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The presidential race grew more tumultuous the day after a debate our TV critic described as beyond rock bottom. The top elected Republican leader, House Speaker Paul Ryan, said he would no longer defend the party’s candidate, Donald Trump. Mr. Ryan’s effective concession of the race to Hillary Clinton set off a furious backlash among the party’s Trump supporters, and Mr. Trump tweeted, “Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee. ” And a new set of leaked emails from Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman reveals bitter disputes within her team over Bernie Sanders and other points. ____ 2. Hurricane Matthew’s death toll in the U. S. climbed to at least 21. In South Carolina, above, Gov. Nikki Haley lifted the last evacuation orders, allowing some residents to begin returning to their homes. The death toll has been difficult to track in Haiti, the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere. In Jérémie, a small coastal city that had finally begun to prosper in recent years, the grim work of counting the bodies and assessing the damage is just beginning. ____ 3. In Yemen, airstrikes on a funeral killed more than 100 people in Sana, the capital, on Saturday. Officials and witnesses blamed the military coalition led by Saudi Arabia for the attacks. The U. S. said it would conduct “an immediate review” of its support for the   coalition fighting against Houthi rebels. ____ 4.   and PepsiCo have given millions of dollars to health groups in recent years. They have also spent millions trying to stop laws aimed at reducing how much soda people drink. A new study in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine documents the beverage industry’s strategy to silence health critics and win over unlikely allies against soda regulations. ____ 5. Samsung halted production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 amid reports that the smartphones sometimes catch fire. It said consumers who own them “should power down and stop using the device. ” The company is the world’s largest smartphone manufacturer and had been counting on the Galaxy to help it close the gap with Apple, its biggest rival, which has a strong hold on the more expensive end of the market. 6. The Nobel Prize in economics went to two professors for their insights into how best to write contracts Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmstrom, above, professors at Harvard and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, have sought to show how contracts can ensure that the parties are bound by mutual interest. The Nobel Prize in Literature will be awarded Thursday. ____ 7. With Colombia’s peace deal in doubt, a small town that lost dozens of residents in the war fears a return to violence. Fourteen years ago, a mortar fired by FARC rebels landed on a church in Bojayá, above, killing 79, more than half of them children. But 96 percent of the town voted in favor of the peace deal in a referendum this month, showing the deep desire  —   almost desperation  —   for an end to the war. “In order to live in peace, you have to disassemble your heart,” one resident said. ____ 8. “Go back to China!” That was the ugly phrase yelled at a Times editor and his family on the New York City street above after church on Sunday morning. Michael Luo was born in the U. S. the child of Chinese immigrants. His open letter to the woman who screamed the phrase has gone viral. After the incident, his    daughter asked why the woman said that when they’re not from China. “No, we’re not, my wife said,” he wrote. “We’re from America, she told my daughter. But sometimes people don’t understand that. ” ____ 9. Don’t worry about the   rule at home  —   but do wash your hands often. That’s according to a pediatrician who was a   of a book on medical myths, and who flouts the rule himself. “Things get dirty when lots of hands touch them and when we don’t think about it,” Aaron Carroll writes. ____ 10. Say you’re a star soccer player and you want the latest cellphone, or someone to do your Christmas shopping, or to propose to your girlfriend. There’s a guy for that: Charles Porter. To hundreds of players in English soccer over the last 20 years, Mr. Porter is the ultimate purveyor of the Premier League lifestyle. And while he could easily write a salacious memoir, breaking the omertà of his trade would be anathema to him. “We live and die by our discretion,” he said in his   newspaper interview. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s the Weekend Briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
16425,Ruling Means Most of Hillary Clinton’s Emails Will Come Out After Election - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   A federal judge on Friday ordered the State Department to finish preparing roughly 1, 000 pages of Hillary Clinton’s emails for release by Nov. 4, a more protracted timetable that means the bulk of Mrs. Clinton’s emails that were uncovered by the Federal Bureau of Investigation will not be released until after the election. In August, the judge, James E. Boasberg of Federal District Court, raised the prospect of a flood of Clinton emails being released during the final weeks of the campaign, when he ordered the State Department to accelerate the release of nearly 15, 000 new emails. But Judge Boasberg acknowledged the burden for the department’s lawyers in reviewing thousands of emails, as well as responding to multiple lawsuits under the Freedom of Information Act that seek documents relating to Mrs. Clinton, her aide Huma Abedin, and the Clinton Foundation. Under the order issued on Friday, in a lawsuit brought by the conservative group, Judicial Watch, the State Department will release 350 pages of emails by Oct. 7, 350 pages by Oct. 21, and another 350 by Nov. 4. After that, it will produce 500 pages a month. Judge Boasberg summoned the lawyers for another status report on Nov. 7, the day before the election. Questions about Mrs. Clinton’s private email address and server have hung over her presidential campaign for more than a year, even after the F. B. I. ’s director, James B. Comey, said in July that her conduct did not warrant criminal charges for mishandling of classified information. Mr. Comey said the F. B. I. had discovered thousands of emails that Mrs. Clinton had not voluntarily turned over to the State Department before its investigation. Of the nearly 15, 000 emails the F. B. I. turned over to the State Department in late July, roughly 9, 400 were purely personal, according to the department’s lawyers. They will therefore not be released. That leaves about 5, 600   emails to be reviewed. But roughly half of those may be wholly or largely duplicates of emails that have already been released. Duplicates could take the form of a previously released email, which Mrs. Clinton may have forwarded to her aides with orders to print it out. In some cases, the emails were part of long chains, on which Mrs. Clinton was copied at the beginning, but later left off the list of addressees. “We are currently processing these documents for release,” said the State Department spokesman, John Kirby. “As we have done so, we have noticed that some personal emails remain within the approximately 5, 600 documents, so the number may be further reduced. ” Each email generates roughly 1. 8 pages of print, a government lawyer said, which means about 10, 000 pages will be released in total. Only about 10 percent will be made public before the election, which prompted a complaint from Judicial Watch. “The public deserves to know what is in those emails, well before Nov. 8, and the State Department should not continue dragging its feet on producing them,” the group’s president, Tom Fitton, said in a statement. “The American people need to pressure State to stop sitting on these new Clinton emails for political reasons and release them as the law requires. ”",0
16426,An Alarming 10% Rise in Traffic Deaths in the First Half of 2016 - The New York Times,"Traffic deaths in the United States rose 10. 4 percent in the first half of this year compared with the same period in 2015, maintaining a steady climb. The numbers were released on Wednesday by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which noted that Americans drove about 50. 5 billion more miles in the first six months of 2016 than in the first half of 2015, an increase of 3. 3 percent. But that does not account for the rise in the number of deaths: to 17, 775 in the first six months of 2016 from 16, 100 in the same period in 2015. Officials have not identified a specific cause for the most recent increase. “It is too soon to attribute contributing factors or potential implications of any changes in deaths on our roadways,” the agency said. The dire statistics were the latest bad news from the traffic safety administration. Beginning in the final months of 2014, the rate of fatalities has increased for seven consecutive quarters compared with the corresponding quarters of previous years. The statistics were released as federal officials announced a “Road to Zero” coalition that aims to eliminate traffic deaths, including those on sidewalks and bicycle paths, by 2046. The Department of Transportation said it would commit $3 million over the next three years for grants to provide   help, such as promoting the use of seatbelts and installing rumble strips. But advanced technology, like the introduction of driverless cars, figures to play prominently in the   plans. The Obama administration announced new guidelines in September that encourage the development of the technology while promising strong safety oversight. Still, the view that computers can operate vehicles more safely than humans was tested when a Tesla Model S electric sedan crashed and killed its driver in June while the car was in   mode.",0
16427,‘Game of Thrones’ Finale: Nikolaj Coster-Waldau on Cersei’s Madness and Jaime’s Evolution - The New York Times,"Jaime Lannister set the tone for “Game of Thrones” in the pilot episode, shoving the young Bran Stark out of a window, paralyzing him, in the first of the show’s many unspeakably cruel acts. So, in Sunday’s Season 6 finale, there was a macabre symmetry to the fact that Jaime’s own son, the callow King Tommen, leapt to his death from a castle window. The paired calamities, loosely linked by a long string of still more deaths and dismemberment, including Jaime’s loss of his hand, reflect the series’s long game, in which acts of malice lead inexorably to more of the same. “He once said, ‘The things I do for love,’ and it was all about protecting his sister and also the kids,” said Nikolaj   the man who plays Jaime. “Now they’re all gone. ” [ “Game of Thrones” Recap: Long May She Reign ] Jaime entered the story as a louche villain but has evolved into a more shaded figure, torn between his toxic devotion to his lover and twin sister, Cersei, and more honorable impulses. The finale ended with Jaime at a crossroads, confronted with the loss of yet another child and positioned yet again between Cersei, who claimed the throne in an explosive coup, and his brother, Tyrion, currently returning to the capital city with Cersei’s rival for power, Daenerys Targaryen. “We won’t find out until next season how Jaime reacts to that,” said Mr.   45, who is Danish. “The cruel irony is he killed the Mad King in order to save King’s Landing, and he comes back to find out his sister pulled the trigger instead. ” In a telephone interview on Monday afternoon, Mr.   discussed the perils of loving a mad queen, Jaime’s bond with Brienne and possible “Game of Thrones” spinoffs. These are edited excerpts from the conversation. Congratulations on surviving another season. Hey, hallelujah. What was Season 6 about for Jaime?  It was a season of dramatic change again for him. He was sacked from the job he thought he couldn’t get sacked from  —   he’s no longer a Kingsguard. He’s back to just being Jaime Lannister that’s the massive change. Coming back with a dead child was horrific. Leaving King’s Landing the season before, at least they were in control. Coming back, he’s faced with this crazy religious uprising and the High Sparrow, and he’s not really equipped to deal with someone like that. Unfortunately, Cersei then found a way. Every time he leaves King’s Landing, something horrible happens.  In the final scene, Jaime gave Cersei an intense but ambiguous look. What was that about? I think basically he’s in shock. So many things are going through his head  —   you look down and you see your sister telling the rest of the world to go to hell. The woman you love has turned into this seemingly mad woman. If you were a couples counselor, you would tell him to maybe reconsider this relationship. What would it take for him to finally forsake her? I’ve asked myself that question quite a few times. This is such an extreme world, but I’m sure there are people in your life where you go, why in the hell are these people together? Their relationship is abusive, and why do people stay in that? Or even get addicted to dysfunctional relationships. But I don’t know how far he has to be pushed. If he can forgive her for this, I think he can forgive her for everything. She was responsible for genocide, she forced their last child to commit suicide. On a scale of 1 to 100, with 100 being this is the moment when you have to leave, I think we are at 99. 9. But it’s “Game of Thrones,” so you never know. I was struck by the parallels between Tommen’s death and when you shoved Bran out the window to kick off this whole story. It’s a bookend to what’s driven him. If Bran had told anyone what he’d seen, the three kids would have been killed there and then. Now they’re all gone. What seemingly was Cersei’s whole reason for being  —   to keep them safe and to keep them powerful, is now gone. She only has herself and Jaime, but really just herself. So I think it is an end to what has been such a huge part of the motivation for these characters. Jaime began the show as a villain. What does his evolution into a more sympathetic person symbolize? How does it fit within the broader story? It’s always about how much information you have. In the beginning, we only saw his actions we didn’t get to understand why he did it. Then later we realize, hang on a second, maybe he’s not a complete [expletive] maybe he had reasons to do these horrible things. He’s seen a lot of crazy stuff. The Riverrun story line was, in a way, about the craziness of war. You have a guy in a castle who doesn’t want to give it up. He’s outnumbered and refuses out of pride, and if that means he’s going to have to sacrifice thousands of his own men, so be it. The logic behind it  —   I think Jaime has found the empathy, and the understanding that, hang on a second, this is crazy. At least that’s what I hope maybe I’m reading too much into it. He’s getting older and he’s experienced real loss  —   he’s lost his father, he’s lost his daughter. You can argue in some ways he’s lost his sister  —   she’s definitely gone to the dark force. That changes you. He was briefly reunited with Brienne at Riverrun, too. How would you characterize their relationship? When they spent that long journey together back to King’s Landing and learned to trust each other, I think that was the first time Jaime ever spent time with a grown woman other than his sister. She represents the best parts of me, and clearly there’s a love and an attraction, but it’s an impossible scenario. They’re both dedicated to other people’s needs. And I don’t think they’ll ever be able to put themselves first. How was Season 6 different from previous ones? Obviously, there’s the whole being off book. But I felt there was a sense of the whole thing getting close to the end. As Dan [Weiss] and David [Benioff, the show’s creators] have said, there’s 13 episodes left now. It’s not that much when you consider the amount of characters and worlds. Getting to the end of Episode 10, you feel almost like, we made it. Daenerys is on her way, she’s got her ships, the whole thing is in motion. I thought every episode had some kind of step forward. Even the episodes that were about laying down story lines, there was always something that got us closer to that final shot of Daenerys on her way. Season 5 was the most depressing of all the seasons, ending, of course, with Jon Snow’s death. This season we started with his resurrection  —   there’s light at the end of the tunnel, we can fight this thing. The end of Season 5 was the turning point. Of course, Daenerys is the beautiful hero and she wants to bring beautiful change, but she’s also using these weapons of mass destruction. You can see King’s Landing burning even more now, and that’s a scary thought. As the show enters its homestretch, and it’s a huge hit, there have been spinoff rumors. Can you see any   spinoffs? Jaime and Bronn hit the road? Jaime and Brienne get an apartment together?  Yeah, that’s the one. What would you call that? “Roommates”? “Heartslayer”? It could be a  . [Laughs.] “The Heartslayer”! Yeah, why not. But it has to be a sitcom, though, and it has to have a laugh track. Then I would do it in a heartbeat. I thought we’d have a season where we just did the whole thing in a cabaret. Varys would be the owner of the club, because I know Conleth Hill would be amazing at that. And we’d all come in and do little things. Last year we did a Coldplay musical. I thought that was the finest moment we had. Conleth Hill has starred in plenty of stage musicals he could pull that off. He would be amazing. There are so many ways you could go, and let’s milk it. Let’s do it for the rest of our careers  —   just “Game of Thrones” spinoffs.",0
16428,14 Days and Counting-There Will Be a Civil War No Matter Who Wins the Election,"Previous 14 Days and Counting-There Will Be a Civil War No Matter Who Wins the Election 
It is 1860 and Stephen Douglas is running against Abraham Lincoln. Lincoln’s election will lead to a civil war. The pitfalls of catastrophic events were ever present. 
In 2016, it is Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton. It is becoming clear that the election of either candidate will set off civil unrest and possibly lead to a civil war. 
We are now just beginning to see a myriad of pieces fall into place in which will irrevocably divide this country for at least a generation. 
When Hillary Clinton wins, the awakened American people, and some in the military will not accept this country being handed off to the UN and ultimately the Chinese. Hillary has no plan for America and the reason is clear. America has no future is she is elected by hook or crook. 
If Trump even gets close to winning, the forces are of the NWO are not going to forsake the continued raping of the American people and just give up. They will fight! The Electoral College 
Through out this week, I have documented case after case of voter fraud through the use of George Soros voting machines. Soros is omnipresent in the voting fraud fiasco. Also, I have broken a story about the attempted bribe of an elector in Arizona and this is only the beginning. 
This summer we will begin to hear rumors of the officials of the Electoral College being bought off by TPTB, for it is their vote, not the people, whose votes will elect the next President. Trump could win 70% of the vote and not carry one state if the Electoral College refuses to cast their vote in accordance with the popular vote. And you thought you lived in a Republican form of Democracy. 
As I just pointed out, there is always the question of “dirty” voting machines. Most pollsters will tell you that if the general vote is reported with more than 3-4% variation from the polls, one can easily demonstrate voter fraud. However, do you think TPTB, the criminal elite running this country, will care at this point that you know what they are doing? This is why they do the fake polls to condition us to the fact that Trump is losing. He is not, he is winning in a landslide. Further, the globalists always have their finger on the false flag button. This is why they have economic collapse, World War III, power grid down, a manufactured food crisis, etc., etc., etc., and the ultimate martial law to accompany any and all of these potentialities waiting in the wings. 
Right now, UWEX 16 is practicing for Civil War and foreign troops are in play. UWEX 16 (i.e. Jade Helm 16) will be spreading to other states as announced in their operational plans. The Federal Reserve has met with Obama and Biden. The only thing that Obama could the Fed is the use of the military to put down any populist uprising over a stolen election or a false flag attack to prevent the election from happening. Now, Paul Martin’s sources have learned and are communicating that there is a coordinated 18 state swat team drill. Could they be practicing for anything else but civil unrest over a stolen election? 
In short, if by some manner of Divine intervention, Trump wins, we will see massive terrorism in this country on an unprecedented scale from the Clinton Democrats and the terrorists we have let into the country through the Refugee/Resettlement program. I believe that Obama will not leave the White House and will impose his version of martial law, Executive Order 13603 style. 
If Clinton is able to steal the election, America is done and unfortunately, the streets will run red with blood. More Foreign Troops 
The knot in the noose, consists of the foreign troop movements that are taking place on our soil. I am getting repeated reports of large armored columns of UN vehicles being transporting or traveling on their own in the South stretching from Texas to Georgia. However, wide scale proof, with clear and convincing photos, not photo shopped, are lacking. Do I think that foreign military are planning for civil unrest in America? Yes, there is no question. I am encouraging all to keep their eyes open, take raw footage and transmit the raw footage to outlets like the The Common Sense Show . 
Yesterday, when I said on a radio interview that America is grave danger because of Trump securing the nomination, these are just a few of the things that I had in mind. Yesterday, I was reading about massive revivals in West Virginia. Pray that these revivals sweep the country because we, the American public are defenseless and our faith is our best defense. Conclusion 
Barring a miracle from the Almighty, the forces of subjugation have lined up against Trump and appear to have stolen the election. Pray, pray and pray some more that this 4th degree Coven Witch is not allowed to occupy the White House.",0
16429,Soros-Linked Groups Behind California Ban on Detaining Illegal Immigrants,"A plan to ban local and county jails in California from detaining illegal immigrants with immigration detainers is being pushed by open borders organizations. The groups have ties to globalist billionaire George Soros. [As   blog Mother Jones reported, the initiative to protect illegal immigrants would be included in the California state budget. The proposal makes it illegal for local or county jails from entering into agreements with federal immigration authorities to protect Americans from illegal immigrant crime.  Coincidentally, the two organizations pushing the plan behind the scenes have links to Soros and his infamous Open Society Foundation, which serves as a   to enrich   social justice and open borders groups. For instance, the Immigrant Legal Resource Center (ILRC) which is promoting the plan, has taken grant money from Soros’ Open Society Foundation since at least 2009 when it received $200, 000 from Soros. In 2012, ILRC took even more money from the Open Society Foundation, receiving more than $1. 8 million from Soros that year. The other open borders organization behind the   immigrant California plan is the Community Initiatives for Visiting Immigrants in Confinement (CIVIC) This group also has staff ties to Soros. CIVIC staffer Tina Shull runs the organization’s “storytelling projects,” while also being a recipient of the Soros Justice Fellowship, a   grant department that gives out anywhere between $58, 700 to $110, 250 to specific individuals for social justice advocacy. CIVIC’s   director Christina Fialho told Mother Jones in an interview that California potential ban on detaining illegal immigrants was a “powerful first step” in the state’s overall agenda to oppose President Trump’s agenda. This is not the first California initiative this year that   organizations have pushed. Breitbart Texas reported in May that the   Alliance of Californians for Community Empowerment (ACCE) pushed legislation forcing landlords to rent to illegal immigrants, even after they know their immigration status. John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder. ",0
16430,Leaky Cellar 101: What You Need To Know,"Lisa Tanner October 27, 2016 Leaky Cellar 101: What You Need To Know 
Cellars can be an ideal location for storing your emergency supplies, and especially your food. Located underground, cellars take advantage of insulation from the Earth. This helps prevent your supplies from freezing in the winter. 
Your survival cellar is also out of sight for your household visitors, so you won’t be advertising your stores for everyone. Whether you’re building a cellar , or using a crawlspace or cellar that’s already under your house, they’re very useful. 
But, cellars can have a humidity problem. Because leaks can spring up, it’s easy to get too much moisture inside. That’s what we need to solve. 
Problems with a Leaky Cellar 
Too much water in your cellar can cause a variety of problems. The humidity can easily cause your food and paper goods to develop mold. It’ll make your cans rust. Both issues will severely impact the shelf life of your stores. 
If your cellar is under your house, water damage can eventually lead to structural issues. This can lead to your house’s integrity being compromised. The wood your house is built from isn’t meant to be continually wet. 
Additionally, unpleasant odors are common in damp cellars. If your cellar lacks ventilation, these odors will become more noticeable and can lead to allergic reactions and health problems. 
Signs of a Water Leakage 
Since signs of water damage can be subtle, you may not realize at first that there’s a problem in your cellar. You probably won’t find standing water across the floor. Instead, you’ll notice signs like these: A musty odor A white, chalk-like powder on the walls Cracks in the walls or floor Condensation on windows Water stains on the walls or floor 
Once you discover signs of moisture, it’s important to investigate further. If you are unsure if the water is seeping into your cellar from the outside, or condensing from the inside, you can perform a simple test. 
Take a piece of aluminum foil and cut it to a 2-foot by 2-foot square. Using duct tape around the edges, tape the foil to your wall. 
The next day, examine the foil. Is there water on the side facing out? If so, it’s a sign that your water is coming from inside. 
If not, take down the foil and feel the side that was facing out. Water on this side indicates you have a seepage problem. 
Where Is the Water Coming From? 
Cellar leaks from internal and external sources can come from a variety of places. It’s important to give the entire space an inspection. Here are some common causes of a leaky cellar: Ground Water 
If you’ve had an unusually amount of precipitation, your cellar could be the collection point for the excess groundwater. Ground water can also be a problem during spring runoff times. 
The water will have to find its way into your cellar, so be on the lookout for cracks in the walls or on the floor. Leaking Water Pipes 
Check your water pipes for leaks. This can include outdoor spigots. One year ours sprung a leak underground and the only reason we knew was because of the water leaking into our basement. Sprinklers 
Are you watering too close to your cellar? A misaimed sprinkler can send unwanted water into your cellar. Gutters 
If you have gutters meant to bring the water away from your home, check and make sure they’re working properly. A clogged gutter can lead to water in the cellar. 
A lack of gutters can cause a similar problem. It’s important to have a way for the excess water to be channeled away from your cellar. Trees or Bushes Too Close 
Is there vegetation growing right next to your cellar? If so, the root systems can allow water to work its way inside. Drainage Conditions Around the Cellar 
What’s the ground like around your cellar? Does the soil absorb water, or let it run freely? Is the grade of the land forcing water away from the area? 
Taking a few minutes to inspect your cellar and the land around it can help you pinpoint the source of your leak. 
8 Steps to Prevent a Leaky Cellar 
There are a few simple ways to prevent leaks in your cellar. If you don’t yet have a moisture issue, these steps will help reduce the risk. 
1. Gutter Maintenance 
Make sure to take time to clean out your gutters regularly and ensure they haven’t fallen. While you’re working with your gutters, it’s a great time to evaluate your rainwater collection system . 
2. Fix the Grade 
Check the level of the soil around your cellar. You want it to be at its highest around the perimeter. That way water runs away from your cellar instead of down into it. 
If you need to, you can add additional soil around your cellar. Then, use a rake and shovel to slope it away from your structure. 
For a more permanent solution, you can make a retaining wall and then regrade around it. Video first seen on This Old House . 
3. Remove Overgrown Greenery 
The roots of trees can reach a long way. If you have any planted too close to your cellar, their roots can cause problems. Bushes, shrubs, and other plants that send down massive root structures can cause similar problems. 
Be sure to remove any greenery that threatens your cellar space. You don’t want roots to allow water inside. 
4. Patch Cracks 
Use caulking to fill any small cracks you see in your cellar walls. Even if they aren’t yet letting in moisture, they’re a weak spot that could start leaking in the future. 
Larger cracks will need a little more attention. They may require the insertion of a rubber membrane, additional reinforcement with cement, or a special epoxy. Your exact repair will depend on the location, the material of the wall, and the size of the crack. You might need to bring in an expert to evaluate. 
If your cellar has a cement floor, you can use epoxy to seal small cracks in it. Larger floor cracks may need a cement patch. You can mix up a small amount in a wheelbarrow and use a trowel to pack in the crack and smooth over the top. 
5. Insulate Your Pipes 
Do you have water pipes running through your cellar? If you do, make sure they’re insulated to avoid condensation. 
If your pipes are leaking and you don’t have the material on hand to fix them the proper way, you can make a makeshift patch out of a plastic bottle . 
6. Apply Waterproof Sealant 
You can purchase special sealant at home improvement stores designed to keep the water away. Many varieties go on just like paint, though you’ll need a sturdy brush to apply it to cement. A coat of this will help keep your cellar dry. Video first seen on Today’s Homeowner . 
7. Put Plastic Down 
Is your unfinished cellar’s floor made of dirt or gravel? Moisture can easily seep up through these materials. Consider lining your floor with thick plastic vapor barrier. 
8. Insulate 
Insulation will help produce interior condensation. If your walls aren’t insulated, the temperature change between inside and out can cause water droplets to form. 
Be sure your insulation is designed for foundation walls. Foil-backed or foam based insulation materials are common in cellars. 
Depending on building regulations in your area, you may need to cover the insulation with a fire barrier. Thin drywall is acceptable in many areas. 
Removing Moisture from a Wet Cellar 
If excess moisture has already reached your cellar, the above steps can help prevent future problems. By keeping future water from getting in, you’ll help improve the conditions in your cellar. However, you will also have to address the moisture problem. To get rid of excess moisture you can: Air Out the Space 
Open the windows and use a fan to help circulate the air. A dehumidifier will also help suck the moisture out. Remove Mold or Mildew Damaged Items 
If your cellar has mold or mildew, you need to get rid of the items effected if they can’t be properly cleaned. This will help remove the odor and built up moisture from your space as well. Install a French Drain and a Sump Pump 
If your cellar continues to have water problems even after taking corrective measures, it might be time to install a French drain and a sump pump. This interior drainage system will help channel the water where you want it to go. 
This involves digging a trench as close to the wall as possible around the inside perimeter of your cellar. You’ll then put down connected pipe that slopes to your water collection pit. Inside this pit is a sump pump. 
The sump pump will then pump the water out of your cellar and out to a spot away from your foundation. When the pipes are all connected, you’ll cover it with gravel and then pour more concrete on top. You’ll leave the sump pump accessible, with an air-tight lid, in case it needs repair in the future. 
This is a more involved DIY project, but it’s possible to do without calling in a professional. Video first seen on gregkieslich . 
Have you ever dealt with a leaky cellar? What other tips can you share for preventing the problem or taking care of moisture in your cellar? Were you successful in drying it out, or are you still dealing with moisture? 
Click the banner below to find out how our ancestors use to deal with the challenge of storing the food safely for long term survival! 
  Lisa Tanner for Survivopedia. 8 total views, 8 views today",0
16431,Jesse Ventura Explains Hillary’s Gun Control Hypocrisy to a Liberal,"
Former Minnesota governor Jesse Ventura appeared on The Young Turks, a leftist online news channel, and explained to the host why he doesn’t take Hillary Clinton seriously on gun control.
Ventura says that Clinton should first concentrate on the US not sending arms to people around the world before she starts talking about disarming people here in the US. He explains:
Hillary wants us all to disarm, right? Well, my answer to that is: Hillary, when you come after my guns, let the United States disarm first. We are the biggest gun dealer in the world; we sell weapons all over the world to kill people, and they’re telling me to give up my 2nd amendment weapons, when my own government is the biggest weapons dealer throughout the world.

Then Jesse demonstrates the insanity of gun control from his own experience living in Mexico. He says, “I live in Mexico. Gun control is strictly followed there; you cannot have a gun. Yet they have 20,000 gun murders a year down there, or more. And yet, guns are banned.”
Ventura goes on to say that there are more gun murders in Mexico than there are in the US, even with such strict gun control measures. This completely ruins the leftist narrative. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . ",0
16432,Democratic House Candidates Were Also Targets of Russian Hacking - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   South Florida has long been a laboratory for some of the nation’s roughest politics, with techniques like phantom candidates created by political rivals to siphon off votes from their opponents, or   boleteras hired to illegally fill out stacks of absentee ballots on behalf of elderly or disabled voters. But there was never anything quite like the 2016 election campaign, when a handful of Democratic House candidates became targets of a Russian influence operation that made thousands of pages of documents stolen by hackers from the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee in Washington available to Florida reporters and bloggers. “It was like I was standing out there naked,” said Annette Taddeo, a Democrat who lost her primary race after secret campaign documents were made public. “I just can’t describe it any other way. Our entire internal strategy plan was made public, and suddenly all this material was out there and could be used against me. ” The impact of the information released by the hackers on candidates like Ms. Taddeo in Florida and others in nearly a dozen House races around the country was largely lost in the focus on  the hacking attacks against the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign. But this untold story underscores the effect the Russian operation had on the American electoral system. “This is not a traditional    on a partisan political campaign, where one side hits the other and then you respond,” said Kelly Ward, executive director of the D. C. C. C. “This is an attack by a foreign actor that had the intent to disrupt our election, and we were the victims of it. ” Why the Russian government might care about these unglamorous House races is a source of bafflement for some of the lawmakers who were targeted. But if the goal of Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin, was to make American democracy a less attractive model to his own citizens and to Russia’s neighbors, then entangling congressional races in accusations of leaks and subterfuge was a step in the right direction. The intrusions in House races in states including Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, Ohio, Illinois, New Mexico and North Carolina can be traced to tens of thousands of pages of documents taken from the D. C. C. C. which shares a Capitol Hill office building with the Democratic National Committee. The document dump’s effectiveness was due in part to a de facto alliance that formed between the Russian hackers and political bloggers and newspapers across the United States. The hackers, working under the   name of Guccifer 2. 0, used social media tools to invite individual reporters to request specific caches of documents, handing them out the way political operatives distribute scoops. It was an arrangement that proved irresistible to many news outlets  —   and amplified the consequences of the cyberattack. “It’s time for new revelations now,” the Guccifer 2. 0 website proclaimed, as it began to pass out the D. C. C. C. documents, trying to entice reporters to look at them on their own. “All of you may have heard about the D. C. C. C. hack. As you see I wasn’t wasting my time! It was even easier than in the case of the D. N. C. breach. ” Cybersecurity consultants believe the hacking of the D. C. C. C. took place around March or April of 2016 after a staffer clicked on a   phishing email. The D. C. C. C. shut down its computer system for a week  —   from the moment it learned of the attack in June. But it was already too late to close the door. The consequences started to become clear in August when the hackers released the home addresses, cellphone numbers and personal email addresses of Democratic House members. “As you are aware, the D. C. C. C. and other Democratic Party entities have been the target of cybersecurity intrusions  —   an electronic Watergate ” the House minority leader, Nancy Pelosi, wrote in an email the day after the personal information was released. The email continued, “It has been widely reported that this cybersecurity incident is part of a Russian cyberattack which appears to be an attempt to interfere with our elections. We take this troubling situation very seriously and have notified the appropriate authorities, including the F. B. I. and   . ” State troopers were sent to the homes of House Democrats across the United States, and they were urged to immediately change their cellphone numbers and personal email addresses, although this took place after many received a series of obscene calls, texts and emails. But it turned out this was just a warning shot. Guccifer 2. 0 followed up on the release of lawmakers’ personal data with large caches of internal party documents, starting with some documents related to House races in Florida, including Ms. Taddeo’s contest. The seats that Guccifer 2. 0 targeted in the document dumps were hardly random: They were some of the most competitive House races in the country. In Ms. Taddeo’s district, the House seat is held by a Republican, even though the district leans Democratic and Mrs. Clinton won it this year by a large majority. To prepare for the race, the D. C. C. C. had done candid evaluations of the two candidates vying in the primary for the nomination. Those inside documents, bluntly describing each candidate’s weaknesses, are considered routine research inside political campaigns. But suddenly they were being aired in public. Ms. Taddeo, one of the internal D. C. C. C. documents noted, had “proven to be a somewhat poor   and she has gained a reputation as an inadequate campaigner among some of the talkers in the community. ” Her Democratic opponent in the August primary, Joe Garcia, “also made a large misstep during the campaign saying ‘communism works,’ which did not sit well in an area with a large Cuban refugee population,” the document says. “More embarrassingly, Garcia was caught on a   feed picking his earwax and seemingly eating it, and the video made the rounds on the internet. ” Mr. Garcia was the first to use the material as a tool to attack his opponent, showing up at a televised debate with a printout of the documents and accusing Ms. Taddeo of hiring a private detective to follow him, an allegation she disputed. It was the first of many attacks based on the leaked material. After Mr. Garcia defeated Ms. Taddeo in the primary using the material unearthed in the hacking, the National Republican Campaign Committee and a second Republican group with ties to the House speaker, Paul Ryan, turned to the hacked material to attack him. In Florida, Guccifer 2. 0’s most important partner was an obscure political website run by an anonymous blogger called HelloFLA! run by a former Florida legislative aide turned Republican lobbyist. The blogger sent direct messages via Twitter to Guccifer 2. 0 asking for copies of any additional Florida documents. “I can send you some docs via email,” Guccifer 2. 0 replied on Aug. 22, according to a cellphone screen shot of the message that the blogger, who writes under the pen name Mark Miewurd, provided to The New York Times. “Great! Editor@hellofla. com. I’m just getting my kid from school but I’ll be able to get it up pretty quick after I get it. Thanks!” “Do u have a size limit?” Guccifer 2. 0 replied, a question that led the Florida blogger to set up an anonymous Dropbox account so he could take thousands of pages of stolen information from the Russian operative, data that the blogger immediately recognized would have an extremely high strategic value for the Republicans. “I don’t think you realize what you gave me,” the blogger said, looking at the costly internal D. C. C. C. political research that he had just been provided. “This is probably worth millions of dollars. ” Guccifer 2. 0 wrote back: “Hmmm. ok. u owe me a million. ” By September, Guccifer 2. 0 had expanded his releases to include documents related to House races in Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, Ohio, Illinois and North Carolina, working with individual political bloggers like Miscellany Blue in New Hampshire. “Exclusive: Leaked D. C. C. C. documents reveal effort to replace   with ‘fresh face for 2016,’” said one of the first dispatches posted in New Hampshire, on Miscellany Blue, referring to Carol   the Democratic candidate for the House, who ended up narrowly winning the seat, despite the intense criticism directed at her by Democratic leaders that was revealed by the leaks. In Pennsylvania, the leaked documents showed that Democratic Party officials did not like their own candidate for one House seat  —   a local businessman named Mike Parrish  —   and worked aggressively to recruit an alternative. Mr. Parrish, the internal party documents noted, owned a company in Pennsylvania that had been sued eight times, had been delinquent on his taxes and had been named in a 2013 lawsuit “alleging racketeering and corruption,” the D. C. C. C. internal report said. Concerned, the party tried to recruit a local businesswoman, Marian Moskowitz, to challenge Mr. Parrish. But Ms. Moskowitz ultimately declined to run for the seat, so the party was left with Mr. Parrish, whose standing was further hurt when the details about the Democrats’ misgivings about him drew coverage from bloggers and newspapers. Mr. Parrish lost his bid for the seat. Guccifer 2. 0 even posted a cache of confidential documents focusing on Representative Ben Ray Luján, Democrat of New Mexico, the chairman of the D. C. C. C. who faced no serious challenger this year. Mr. Luján said it was a clear effort to send a message to the party leadership  —   that the hackers wanted to try to hurt Democrats at all levels of the party, from lesser known races in Florida to the leadership. After the first political advertisement appeared using the hacked material, Mr. Luján wrote a letter to his Republican counterpart at the National Republican Congressional Committee urging him to not use this stolen material in the 2016 campaign. “The N. R. C. C.’s use of documents stolen by the Russians plays right into the hands of one of the United States’ most dangerous adversaries,” Mr. Luján’s Aug. 29 letter said. “Put simply, if this action continues, the N. R. C. C. will be complicit in aiding the Russian government in its effort to influence American elections. ” Ms. Pelosi sent a similar letter in early September to Mr. Ryan. Neither received a response. By October, the Congressional Leadership Fund, a “super PAC” tied to Mr. Ryan, had used the stolen material in another advertisement, attacking Mr. Garcia during the general election in Florida. AshLee Strong, a spokeswoman for Mr. Ryan, said he did not control how the material was used in the ad, although she did not dispute that the material had been stolen as part of an act of Russian espionage. “Speaker Ryan has said for months that foreign intervention in our elections is unacceptable,” she said in a written statement. At least some Republican players turned down a chance to exploit the material, including Representative Ryan Costello of Pennsylvania, who was running for   in a contest where he faced off against Mr. Parrish and was aware of the unflattering material about his opponent that had become public. “We believed it was neither necessary nor appropriate,” said Vincent Galko, a campaign consultant to Mr. Costello, “to use information from a possible foreign source to influence the election. ” Still, Mr. Parrish, in an interview Tuesday, said he believed that the document dumps hurt his candidacy. But as a former Army cavalry troop commander who served in West Germany in the final years of the Cold War, he said he was not surprised to learn that the Russians were behind the cyberattack. “I’ve have been fighting Russians my entire life,” he said. “To me this is just a continued   the Cold War games are still being played. ”",0
16433,Stephen Miller: Trump Has ’Better Sense of the Pulse of the People’ Than Any President Since Andrew Jackson,"In an interview with ABC News, White House Senior Adviser Stephen Miller pushed back against the media’s false narratives about President Donald Trump and said Trump “is the best public orator since William Jennings Bryan” and “has a better sense of the pulse of the people” than any president since populist hero Andrew Jackson. [Miller spoke with ABC News’ Jonathan Karl and Rick Klein on their “Powerhouse Politics” podcast on Thursday.  Asked about the seemingly “dizzying pace” of Trump’s first two weeks in office, Miller made it clear that Trump is merely fulfilling his campaign promises. “What you’ve been seeing,” said Miller, “is President Trump is governing based on the promises he made to the American people during his campaign, and I think that that’s one of the things that the American people find most refreshing and most heartening. He campaigned on building a border wall, he campaigned on getting tough on trade, he campaigned on getting tough on refugees, he campaigned on defending America’s interests in dealing with foreign nations. These are all things he campaigned on and really cross party lines. ” Miller also emphasized that it’s Trump’s worldview, developed over the last 30 years, that’s now steering the ship of state within the White House. “The worldview that the President of the United States has been espousing, he’s been espousing for 30 years,” Miller said. “You can go back and watch interviews of him in the 1980s talking about the emerging economic turmoil that would be caused by Japan’s product dumping and currency cheating. You can see him talking about threats of terrorism before many people around the country were. You can see him talking about China, talking about NAFTA. It’s really remarkable the extent to which he presaged almost everything that’s relevant and pressing in our politics today over the course of three decades in public life. ” Asked “what’s been the   and the  ” of the past two weeks, Miller rejected the “ ” characterization, saying, “There hasn’t been a  . ” Miller addressed the   controversy surrounding Trump’s executive order temporarily suspending the U. S. Refugee Admissions Program for 120 days while the refugee vetting process is being reviewed. “For folks in the media centered in New York City, Los Angeles, Washington D. C. the idea of having a curtailment of migration from some of the most dangerous regions in the Middle East strikes them as an enormously disruptive event,” Miller said. “But for the rest of the country who are worried about their jobs, who are worried about their schools, who are worried about their ability to get a pay raise, who are worried about their ability to be safe and to have a country that supports them  —   for them, those kinds of actions are just the first steps in bringing some kind of sanity to how we approach immigration policy in the United States of America. ” He continued, “So the divergence of perspectives in terms of how people who reap the benefits of globalization look at things, versus people for whom it hasn’t been an unalloyed benefit  —   I think that divergence explains a lot of the difference between the polling data which shows the enormous popularity of his actions and the response you’ll see on certain television networks and some newspapers where they’re, I guess, not happy that things aren’t continuing on in the future as they always have in the past. ” Miller also strongly condemned the media’s efforts to inflate the role of White House advisors. Said Miller, “I can state this to you categorically   …     the only person who makes decisions here is Donald Trump. The only person whose vision is executed is Donald Trump. The only person who is guiding the strategy of this White House is Donald Trump. It’s his vision, his policies, his insights. Like I said, he’s been laying out this roadmap for thirty years. ” “Donald Trump comes up with the policy,” Miller continued. “He comes up with the words, he comes up with the vision. He is America First to his core. That’s who Donald Trump is. That’s who he’s always been. ” Miller placed Trump in the tradition of America’s great populist leaders, comparing him to the nineteenth century firebrand William Jennings Bryan and to the nation’s first populist president Andrew Jackson. “I’d say [Trump] is the best public orator since William Jennings Bryan, and he has a better sense of the pulse of the people than any President at least since Andrew Jackson. ” The media, Miller said, “has constantly both gotten [Trump] wrong, underestimated him, failed to give him his due credit, but what he has accomplished and what he has proven is that he understands and sees in this country and has a vision that has eluded the people that the media held up as the most brilliant consultants, and pollsters, and strategists. And he outsmarted them all. And I just hope the media will give the President the credit he really deserves. ”",0
16434,New York Today: Our City That Never Was - The New York Times,"Updated, 10:48 a. m. Good morning on this perfect fall Friday. Is there any clash of ideas as “monumental” as the one over our city’s skyline? For every spike, steeple and spire, there are wastebaskets full of dashed architectural ambitions. These unbuilt projects often tell us as much about our city’s history and values as the built environment, says Sam Lubell,   with Greg Goldin of “Never Built New York. ” Take I. M. Pei’s Hyperboloid, a sleek hourglass office tower and transit hub proposed in the 1950s, which would have entailed the demolition of Grand Central Terminal. Even as the rest of America took to the road in cars, and struggling railroads were liquidating assets, our city preserved the   building in Midtown. (Sorry about that, Mr. Pei, but we’re glad it didn’t pan out.) Or imagine floating in a translucent bubble to Governors Island on a gondola designed by Santiago Calatrava. Sounds nice, but in 2006 The Times’s architecture critic argued that the plan ran up against one of New York’s hottest commodities: a spectacular view. And then there was Trump City. Donald J. Trump’s plan for a grandiose, 14.        on the West Side would have included office buildings, 7, 600 apartments, a huge shopping mall and the world’s tallest building. But its magnitude aroused staunch opposition in the neighborhood, sparking what Mr. Trump described as “a war to the death. ” Trump City was eventually downgraded to what is now known as Trump Place  —   where, earlier this week, the owner of three buildings removed the  ’s name from their façades. Occasionally, though, adventurous architecture does get built here. Test your knowledge of New York’s new skyline with this quiz: Can you identify some of our most iconic modern structures by their silhouettes? Here’s what else is happening: Mirror, mirror, on the wall, which day is the fairest of them all? Today. Sunshine. Blue skies.  . Enough said. We’ll have another divine day on Saturday, but beginning that night  —   and lasting the rest of the weekend  —   things are looking   and wet. • How Rudolph W. Giuliani, a leading contender to become secretary of state, made millions as  . [New York Times] • The Chelsea bombing suspect, Ahmad Khan Rahimi, pleaded not guilty to federal charges. [New York Times] • Mayor Bill de Blasio increased New York’s budget by $1. 3 billion. [New York Times] • Two men were charged with murdering a    in Manhattan and burying his body on the Jersey Shore. [New York Times] • As New York sees a spike in reporting of hate crimes following the election, Ku Klux Klan advertisements have appeared on Long Island. [WNYC] • . .. And a swastika is spotted on the subway. [New York Post] •  Eric T. Schneiderman, the New York State attorney general, has asked the police department to increase vigilance in fighting hate crime. [CBS] •  Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo has set up a   hotline. If you see something, say something by calling (888)  . [NY. gov] • A whale was spotted near the Statue of Liberty. [DNAinfo] • A Bronx woman was sentenced to five years in prison for robbing a legally blind    woman. [NBC] • Today’s Metropolitan Diary: “A Memorable Night at McSorley’s” • Scoreboard: Ducks exorcise Devils,  . Wizards cast spell on Knicks,  . • For a global look at what’s happening, see Your Friday Briefing. • Mayor de Blasio speaks at “The Only Way is Up: A Citywide Discussion to Boost Voter Turnout in New York” at New York Law School in TriBeCa. 12:30 p. m. • . .. And he’ll discuss security, congestion and traffic around Trump Tower at a press conference at 1 Police Plaza in Downtown Manhattan. 2:30 p. m. • The Williamsburg Independent Film Festival continues at the cinema at the Wythe Hotel in Brooklyn. Times vary. [Tickets start at $10] • The exhibition “Masterworks: Unpacking Fashion,” which highlights 60 canonical works of fashion, opens at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. 10 a. m. [$25 suggested admission] • A “Game of Thrones”   with props, costumes, and demonstrations of visual effects, at Astor Place in the East Village. 12:30 p. m. [Free] • Stargazing and a lecture, “How to Stage the Moon Landings,” at Columbia University in Morningside Heights. 7 p. m. [Free] • Comedians riff off a screening of the film “Plan 9 From Outer Space” at Q. E. D. in Astoria, Queens. 11 p. m. [$10] • Islanders host Penguins, 7 p. m. (MSG+). Rangers at Blue Jackets, 7 p. m. (MSG). Nets at Thunder, 8 p. m. (YES). Saturday  • The EQUUS Film Festival is showing films starring horses at Village East Cinema in the East Village. Times vary. [Day passes begin at $50] •   hours of music, storytelling and a silent disco, in celebration of the new exhibition “New York at Its Core,” at the Museum of the City of New York. 10 a. m. [Prices vary] • Join a 5K race (and bring a nonperishable item for those in need) at Willowbrook Park on Staten Island. 10 a. m. [$30] • Bar Car Nights, an   evening of music, performances and   demonstrations, is at the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx. 7 to 10 p. m. [$25] • You can also stay up late at Night at the Museum, an evening of drinks, dancing and art at MoMA PS1 in Long Island City, Queens. 8 p. m. to midnight. [$15] • Devils at Kings, 4 p. m. (MSG+). • Watch “The New York Times Close Up,” featuring The Times’s Nicholas Kristof and other guests. Saturday at 10 p. m. and Sunday at 10 a. m. on NY1. Sunday  • The easily understood film festival, In French with English Subtitles, continues at the French Institute Alliance Française on the Upper East Side. Times vary. [Tickets start at $15] • A celebration of the city planner Andrew H. Green, sometimes referred to (in the best way) as the   Robert Moses, at the Andrew H. Green Memorial Bench in Central Park near East 105th Street. Noon. [Free] • A reading and discussion, “Queens Activism Now,” with artists and academics, at the Queens Museum at Flushing   Park. 2 p. m. [Free, donations suggested] • Tony Danza sings selections from “Honeymoon in Vegas” and other songs at the Brooklyn Center for the Performing Arts at Brooklyn College in Flatbush. 3 p. m. [Tickets start at $36] • A photo editor at Rolling Stone leads a discussion about photographing New York’s underground music scene at the Alice Austen House on Staten Island. 5 p. m. [$15] • Knicks host Hawks, Noon. (MSG). Giants host Bears, 1 p. m. (FOX). Nets host Trail Blazers, 3:30 p. m. (YES). Rangers host Panthers, 7 p. m. (MSG). • For more events, see The New York Times’s Arts  Entertainment guide. • Subway  and PATH  • Railroads: L. I. R. R.   N. J. Transit, Amtrak • Roads: Check traffic map or radio report on the 1s or the 8s. •   parking: In effect until Nov. 24. • Ferries: Staten Island Ferry, New York Waterway, East River Ferry • Airports: La Guardia, J. F. K. Newark • Weekend travel hassles: Check subway disruptions and a list of street closings. Thanksgiving is fast approaching. To get you in the   spirit, New York Today wants to know how you would finish this sentence (in just a few words): This year I am thankful for ____________________. Please tell us what you think in the comments section, or send us an email at nytoday@nytimes. com, including your full name, age, and the neighborhood where you live. We plan to publish a selection of comments next week. New York Today is a weekday roundup that stays live from 6 a. m. till late morning. You can receive it via email. For updates throughout the day, like us on Facebook. What would you like to see here to start your day? Post a comment, email us at nytoday@nytimes. com, or reach us via Twitter using #NYToday.  Follow the New York Today columnists, Alexandra Levine and Jonathan Wolfe, on Twitter. You can find the latest New York Today at nytoday. com.",0
16435,"Alienated and Angry, Coal Miners See Donald Trump as Their Only Choice - The New York Times","POWELLTON, W. Va.  —   Deep in the belly of an Appalachian mountain, a powerful machine bored into the earth, its whirring teeth clawing out a stream of glistening coal. Men followed inside the Maple Eagle No. 1 mine, their torches cutting through the dank air. One guided the machine with a   controller others bolted supports in the freshly cut roof. They were angry. The coal industry that made West Virginia prosperous has been devastated. Every day, it seemed, another mine laid off workers or closed entirely. Friends were forfeiting their cars, homes and futures. For these men, this season’s presidential campaign boils down to a single choice. “I’m for Trump,” said Dwayne Riston, 27, his face smeared in dust. “Way I see it, if he wins, we might at least stand a chance of surviving. ” Few places in America offer such a simple electoral calculus as the rolling,   hills of West Virginia. Even as Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, lags badly in crucial swing states and loses his grip on white male voters over all, he remains on solid ground here with his promise to “bring back coal. ” The fact that his Democrat opponent, Hillary Clinton, said in March, “We’re going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business,” has helped, too. But this is not just about economics. West Virginia’s coal country is part of the broader white,   vote that has coalesced around a single candidate, Mr. Trump, like never before. His support here stems from a profound,     sense of political and cultural alienation that has left people feeling distant from their leaders, and even from fellow Americans. “I kind of feel that people are looking down on us,” said Neil Hanshew, a miner, voicing a common sentiment. “They’re looking at us like we’re a bunch of dumb hillbillies who can’t do anything else. ” I found my way to the Maple Eagle No. 1 mine after I met the mine manager at a church in Mingo County, famed as the center of the   feud more than a century ago, when rival clan members battled it out along the border with Kentucky. This is not my regular beat  —   I’m usually reporting on the Arab world as The New York Times’s bureau chief in Cairo, but I have come to the United States for a few months to cover this unusual campaign from a foreigner’s perspective. After Mr. Trump’s combative nominating convention in Cleveland and Mrs. Clinton’s coronation in Philadelphia, I hit the road to explore how the campaign themes were playing out on the ground. Mingo County, a picturesque district of twisting valleys, is steeped in the lore of coal, corruption and violence. A gun battle between mine company officials and unionized workers in 1920 brought the nickname “Bloody Mingo,” fodder today for history tourists and TV serials. I checked into a hotel in the county seat, Williamson, where the manager offered a   of the area’s more recent dramas. In 2013, the county sheriff was murdered  as he ate lunch in his patrol car. A year later, a senior judge was jailed on corruption charges (“Folks knew him as ‘the king,’” the manager said). More recently, the local coal magnate, Donald L. Blankenship, started a   prison sentence for breaching safety standards at a mine where 29 miners died in an accident in 2010. And in May, a wealthy coal executive was fatally shot in the town cemetery as he visited his wife’s grave. A pair of drug addicts have been arrested. Williamson itself, a town of 3, 000, is a picture of social and economic decay. Unemployment, at 12 percent, is more than twice the United States average.    stores crowd alongside lawyers’ offices and gun dealerships. Rates of heroin overdoses and obesity are among the highest in America. Many residents scrape by on food stamps. In the surrounding hills, abandoned coal mines hum with the noise of ventilation pumps still circulating oxygen through the empty shafts, in the hope that they might one day be reopened. Yet the people of Mingo County have forged their own brand of resilience, one born of the   rural values that draw embattled citizens together. For some, that means planning for a better future: Dr. Dino Beckett, a local physician, has spearheaded initiatives to grow healthy food locally and reduce diabetes. For others, it means lifting a defiant finger to the outside world. At the Regional Church in Delbarton, 10 miles from Williamson, Sunday services were both exuberant and solemn, a mark of the conservative Christianity that holds strong here. Peals of catchy gospel songs were followed by a fervent sermon delivered by an evangelical missionary who had taken 900 Jewish immigrants to Israel (in fulfillment of a biblical prophesy, she explained) and sought to convert Arab Muslims. Among the singers on stage was Bo Copley, the area’s most famous    miner. His celebrity stems from a visit Mrs. Clinton made to Williamson in May, when hundreds of jeering protesters, many wielding Trump signs, lined the main street. “Go home!” they yelled as Mrs. Clinton, wearing a strained smile, slipped into a private meeting. Mrs. Clinton has apologized for her comment about putting coal out of business, saying she was misunderstood. But Mr. Copley, who had been called to meet Mrs. Clinton, challenged her, sliding a photo of his three young children across the table while the television cameras rolled. “How can you come in here and tell us you’re going to be our friend?” he said, his voice cracking with emotion. “Because those people out there don’t see you as a friend. ” Days later, at a Trump rally in the state capital, Charleston, Mr. Copley received a standing ovation. “People are tired of politicians,” he told me during my visit. “Trump is a break from the status quo, which promises the moon but doesn’t deliver. ” He struck a chord across coal country, giving voice to the inchoate rage and impotence that has accompanied the   in less than a decade, of a lucrative industry. With salaries starting at $70, 000 a year, a job in the mines was long considered the local jackpot. Mingo County’s breathtaking valleys and hollers  —   narrow creeks bordered by high hills  —   are lined with spacious homes, swimming pools and gleaming vehicles. Now, there is a palpable fear that the good life is gone, perhaps for good. Jeremy Queen, 35, earned $30 an hour in a mine a few years ago. Now he is working security at a Walmart for $10. 50 an hour, and the economic slump means even the shopping mall that houses his store is suffering. “When the mines go down, it hurts everything,” he said. Political fury in Mingo County focuses squarely on the Environmental Protection Agency and President Obama, who is seen as having started a “war on coal. ” Issues of race and class bubble under the surface: Mingo County, population 27, 000, is 97 percent white, and racial epithets that are taboo in much of America still ring out openly. Support for Mr. Trump’s proposed ban on Muslim immigrants is strong, even though Muslims constitute only a tiny fraction of West Virginians. In 2012, local Democrats selected Keith Judd, a felon incarcerated in Texas, as their nominee for president instead of Mr. Obama. On a sleepy Sunday afternoon, a red pickup truck rolled slowly along Williamson’s main street, bearing two giant flags: one for Mr. Trump, the other emblazoned with the Confederate colors. Corey Matney, 26 years old and wearing a National Rifle Association   stepped out and asked why I was taking pictures. Of the Confederate flag, he said, “That’s heritage, not hate. ” Mr. Matney, who was in Williamson to play Pokémon Go with his girlfriend, is a linesman for a telecommunications company that, he said, is losing 500 customers a month. “Families are moving away,” he said. “I know Donald Trump may not be the best man for the job. But he’s the lesser of two evils. ” There is no doubt that Mr. Trump, a brash Manhattan tycoon who lives in a gilded tower, can seem a discordant political idol for rural America. Many overlook that, pointing to his business success and his war on “political correctness” while berating Muslims and “ ” environmentalists. But some have been jarred by his ideas. Mr. Copley’s wife, Lauren, has a sister whose husband is Jordanian, and was upset by a recent question from her    niece. “She said, ‘If Donald Trump comes in, does that mean that we have to leave? ’” Ms. Copley recalled. Ms. Copley started to cry. “He just spouts off,” she said. “I can’t fathom that. ” “Some of the things he says really bother me,” her husband added. “But we have a lot of people in this area who are very angry, very upset. ” Mr. Trump and his running mate, Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana, have yet to explain how they will revive the coal industry. Aside from the Obama administration’s tough environmental regulations, the decline of coal is a product of hard economic realities: Natural gas, produced by new fracking technologies, is simply much cheaper. For West Virginians like Roger Ooten, 56, their ballots may be a mark of resignation more than one of hope. A giant Trump sign adorned the gate of Mr. Ooten’s neat house in Delbarton, where he sat on the porch, rocking gently on a chair. He retired after 16 years working at a mine in Turkey Creek. Now he watches in despair as the community around him crumbles. Mr. Ooten is following the election on conservative channels like Fox News. He doesn’t like Mr. Trump’s invective against Mexicans. “They gotta eat, too,” he said. “You can’t be mean to people. ” But in November, Mr. Ooten will stick with Mr. Trump. “He’s the only shot we got,” he said. “Because if something doesn’t happen, this is going to be a ghost town. ”",0
16436,Tiny Motor Powers a New Threat to Cycling Races - The New York Times,"A grueling cycling race is somewhat less grueling if your bike is a motorcycle. Understanding this, some cunning cyclists may be turning the sport into Nascar on two wheels by surreptitiously giving their bikes a motorized boost. The first confirmed case of mechanical doping surfaced this year when a tiny motor and battery were found inside a Belgian cyclist’s bike, but that involved cyclocross, a comparatively minor branch of the sport. The latest accusations emerged Sunday on Stade 2, a sports program on the French television network that is also the host broadcaster of the Tour de France. The report suggested that motor doping is also at the highest levels of the sport. Suggestions that top riders are rigging their bikes have escalated  in the past several years. As was the case in the early 1990s with more conventional doping, riders who are the targets of such accusations have dismissed them. But several current and retired professional riders, including the American Greg LeMond, are among those who have said it is a real problem. Brian Cookson, the president of the International Cycling Union, has made the search for   cheating a priority. Suspicions stem from two factors: The technology exists, and there is an   library of videos that show suspicious performances and actions by riders as well as teams. Anyone can buy systems that hide small motors and batteries inside bikes. Marketed as a way to help older or infirm people keep cycling, most of the systems power the axle that joins the two crank arms of the bike and are outwardly invisible, with   switches hidden under handlebar tape. Newer, even smaller motor systems can slip into the rear hub to boost the bike from there. For its report, Stade 2 positioned a thermal imaging camera along the route of the Strade Bianche, an Italian professional men’s race in March held mostly on unpaved roads and featuring many steep climbs. The rear hub of one bicycle glowed with almost the same vivid   thermal imprint of the riders’ legs. Engineers and antidoping experts interviewed by the TV program said the pattern could be explained only by heat generated by a motor. The rider was not named by the program and could not be identified from the thermal image. The program also used the camera at a gran fondo, an amateur and semiprofessional event, in Italy. At least one bike showed a suspicious heat pattern around its cranks. Corriere della Sera, an Italian newspaper that collaborated with the French program, reported that the thermal camera found signs of motors in seven bikes used in the Strade Bianche and at the Coppi and Bartali, another Italian race. Cycling’s equivalents of the Zapruder film are online videos that show unusual patterns of bike changes that precede or follow exceptional bursts of speed by riders. Other videos analyze riders’ hand movements for signs of switching on motors. Still other online analysts pore over crashes, looking for bikes on which the cranks keep turning after separation from the rider. Unlike the thermal images, however, the videos have only implied that a motor was present. In a statement, the cycling union, which commonly goes by its French initials, U. C. I. said it had tested and rejected thermal imaging. “The U. C. I. has been testing for technological fraud for many years, and with the objective of increasing the efficiency of these tests, we have been trialling new methods of detection over the last year,” the governing body said. “We have looked at thermal imaging,   and ultrasonic testing, but by far the most   reliable and accurate method has proved to be magnetic resonance testing using software we have created in partnership with a company of specialist developers. ” Its system uses a device attached to a tablet computer that sends out a magnetic field. Bikes that create unusual disruptions of that field are then pulled for physical inspection. About 2, 000 bikes have been scanned this year, although no inspection took place at the Strade Bianche. The magnetic resonance device was responsible for the world’s first confirmed mechanical doping case. At the   women’s event at the world cyclocross championships in late January, it showed a suspicious pattern in a bike belonging to Femke Van den Driessche. A subsequent physical inspection found a motor and battery. After initially claiming that the bike no longer belonged to her, Van den Driessche, 19, abandoned her defense just before a disciplinary hearing opened and quit cycling. In an interview on Monday, Varjas said that his   devices could produce more than 250 watts, the amount of power a professional rider might typically average during a   race. The smaller   motors, which he makes only for custom orders, typically produce only about 25 watts, he said, and require the rider to be able to maintain a high pedaling rate as is the case with all professionals. Even a   boost would be significant during a professional race. Varjas said his system was nearly silent and light enough to keep a bike at the cycling union’s minimum weight. “If you have this system, you can stay with the group, but nobody hears it, nobody sees it, nobody knows about it,” he said of the devices, which cost 10, 000 to 25, 000 euros (about $11, 300 to about $28, 200) depending on features. While Varjas said that some professionals and teams used the motors for training  —   sometimes as a substitute for pacing at high speeds behind a motorcycle  —   he said that he did not know if the motors were also used in races for cheating. But he added that he believed that some kinds of carbon fiber, the material used to make pro bikes, could render the technology invisible to the cycling union’s new screening devices. Varjas said that many of his customers who merely relied on the device to keep cycling were reluctant to offer endorsements. “It’s a very strange market,” Varjas said. “No one will say they have this kind of bike. ”",0
16437,Trump’s Plans on Businesses May Fall Short - The New York Times,"  Donald J. Trump said Wednesday that he would place his vast business empire in a trust controlled by his two oldest sons and take other steps in an attempt to remove any suggestion of a conflict of interest with his decisions as president. But he said he would not sell his holdings. Hours later, the government’s top ethics monitor said the plan was wholly inadequate and would leave the president vulnerable to “suspicions of corruption. ” The unusual public criticism from Walter M. Shaub Jr. director of the Office of Government Ethics, followed Mr. Trump’s most detailed explanation yet of his plans to distance himself from the global business operations of the Trump Organization. No modern president has entered the White House with such a complicated array of holdings. The steps Mr. Trump outlined include turning over to the United States Treasury any profits received at his hotels from foreign government clients. An ethics officer and, separately, a chief compliance counsel will be appointed at the Trump Organization to watch its operations and ensure that it is not receiving special terms, payment or favors as a result of its ties to Mr. Trump, even as the organization is managed by a trust controlled by his two oldest sons and a longtime legal associate. Sheri A. Dillon, a longtime lawyer for the Trump Organization, said that many of the alternatives ethics lawyers have advocated, such as selling off Mr. Trump’s business assets entirely or putting them in a blind trust that would be managed by an independent party, were not practical. Pointing out flaws in a blind trust, she said, “President Trump can’t unknow he owns Trump Tower, and the press will make sure that any new developments at the Trump Organization are well publicized. ” In addition, she said, the price of a sale of assets would draw scrutiny, and Mr. Trump would still be owed royalties. The   speaking at a news conference Wednesday in Trump Tower, repeated his view, expressed shortly after his election, that as president, he will be exempt from conflict of interest laws that apply to all other federal employees except the vice president. But he and his legal team said he would still take voluntary steps to avoid even a perception of a conflict, such as the appearance that a decision he made as president might benefit one of his business ventures. But Mr. Trump and his advisers would not release basic information about this plan. Mr. Trump has filed information with the federal government that indicates he is worth at least $1. 5 billion, but that information has not been independently verified, and the value of the assets being transferred into the trust is not known. Mr. Trump’s representatives also would not release the names of people who stand to benefit from any profits the trust generates, or say whether Mr. Trump would be able to reverse the transaction. On Wednesday, Mr. Trump rebuffed a renewed call to release his tax returns, which presidents have done for decades and which would show how much profit he makes from his business endeavors, including golf courses, marketing deals and commercial office space. Mr. Shaub, who was appointed by President Obama, said that he did not believe selling assets was too high a price to pay to be president, and that Mr. Trump must divest them in order to avoid conflicts of interest. “We can’t risk creating the perception that government leaders would use their official positions for profit,” said Mr. Shaub, whose office establishes ethical standards for 2. 7 million civilian employees in the White House and more than 130 executive branch agencies. “I appreciate that divestiture can be costly. But the   would not be alone in making that sacrifice. ” He criticized Mr. Trump’s decision to put his assets into a trust instead of under the far stricter control of an independent manager, known as a blind trust. “The only thing this has in common with a blind trust is the label, ‘trust,’” Mr. Shaub said during an unusual news conference Wednesday at the Brookings Institution, a policy research center in Washington. “His sons are still running the businesses, and, of course, he knows what he owns. ” Even some Republican ethics experts questioned how far Mr. Trump had gone to confront the many ethical issues he faces. They noted, for example, that Mr. Trump had not promised to prohibit communication between federal employees and anyone at the Trump Organization, or his current or future business partners. “If you don’t have a real firewall, outsiders will view doing business with the Trump Organization as a way to gain access to the administration or to influence it,” said Matthew T. Sanderson, a Washington lawyer who worked on the Republican presidential campaigns of John McCain, Rand Paul and Rick Perry. In fact, Mr. Trump and his legal advisers seemed on Wednesday to revise a promise that the   had made on Twitter in December: that there would be “no new deals” by his company while he was in the White House. Now, his legal team said, this standard will apply only to foreign deals. Ms. Dillon said the Trump Organization had canceled about 30 pending deals, costing it millions of dollars. But the company will continue to look for new business opportunities  —   be it hotels, golf courses or other ventures  —   within the United States at a time when the Trump Organization brand has an unrivaled profile. Instead, the Trump enterprise will clear new transactions with an ethics adviser to be named by the   in the coming days. That person will vet the deals for potential conflicts, using a standard that Mr. Trump’s advisers said had not yet been determined. A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump said he had always intended the “no new deals” promise to apply only to foreign deals. The influence Mr. Trump will have over foreign and domestic policy as president has raised questions about whether American policy could affect his bottom line. For instance, he will oversee the regulation of banks, some of which lend money to his company, and he will have frequent contact with foreign heads of state, including some who run countries where the Trump Organization does business. He has consistently used his position to showcase his real estate properties, inviting dignitaries and cabinet hopefuls to visit him at his golf club in Westchester County, N. Y. and his    resort in Palm Beach, Fla. And the business offers have been flowing in, Mr. Trump says. His lawyers said his company had canceled 30 deals as he prepares to take office, and last weekend, Mr. Trump said he had turned down a $2 billion deal in Dubai. “I don’t want to take advantage of something,” Mr. Trump said. The Dubai offer came from Damac, a major developer in the Persian Gulf region that is building the Trump International Golf Club, Dubai, and an adjacent luxury housing development. Mr. Trump and his legal team appeared to be particularly sensitive to the suggestion that Mr. Trump might violate the   emoluments clause of the Constitution, which prohibits federal employees from taking any “present, emolument, office or title, of any kind whatever, from any king, prince or foreign state. ” Ms. Dillon, the Trump Organization lawyer, who works for the Washington firm Morgan Lewis, said the clause, in her view, did not apply to   transactions such as a foreign government’s paying a hotel bill. But to address the issue, the organization plans to donate to the federal government the “profits” derived from any payments from foreign governments to hotels it owns. Representatives of the organization did not reply when asked how this calculation would be made or whether a public accounting of the payments would be provided. But Trump Organization officials said this agreement would not apply to golf courses or other businesses. That means Mr. Trump could still benefit from payments by foreign governments, critics said. Erwin Chemerinsky, dean of the University of California, Irvine School of Law, also said the plan to turn over profits from foreign government payments to Mr. Trump’s hotels was not sufficient to eliminate the constitutional issue. “As soon as he receives the payment, he will have benefited, even if he later decides to give it away,” Mr. Chemerinsky said. “This will mean he will have violated a provision of the Constitution. ” Separately, Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka said on her Facebook page that she was both separating herself from the Trump Organization and turning over management of her brand of handbags, jewelry, shoes and other accessories to another executive. But ethics experts said the family might have figured out a way to accelerate the growth of their business while taking modest steps to separate themselves from the    operations. “It’s hard to imagine anything she could do to help the brand more than simply being a part of the White House apparatus,” Robert Weissman, president of Public Citizen, a liberal nonprofit, said of Ivanka Trump. “The only solution for all of this is for them to divest  —   and that does not include handing it to another family member. ”",0
16438,"After Trump Shocker, One Market Is In Freefall! And What Is Happening In The Gold Market Is Unbelievable!","From Bloomberg: London-based gold dealer Sharps Pixley Ltd. is running out of bars and coins as buying surges after Donald Trump won the U.S. presidency. The company’s store, a short walk from Buckingham Palace, has arranged emergency imports of Britannia coins and kilogram (2.2 pound) bars to meet demand. “We keep running out of product — we’ve had to increase our credit lines to allow us to keep more stock on site,” Norman said, keeping a customer waiting on another line. “Swamped!” The reality is that trading volumes have skyrocketed across the globe. In other words, physical gold demand is off the charts right now. It will be very interesting to see how long the central banks can restrain the price of gold in light of the skyrocketing physical demand. 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary audio interview with Egon von Greyerz, where he gives KWN listeners a look what is really happening behind the scenes globally and in the gold market, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: Gold Spikes Over $60 Before Pulling Back After Trump Upset Shocks The World! But Here Is The Real Shocker… CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author",0
16439,"Iraqi Forces Recapture Southern Front of Mosul, Kill over 950 ISIS Militants","BY AHT Staff Iraqi Forces Recapture Southern Front of Mosul, Kill over 950 ISIS Militants Iraqi forces managed to win back full control of Mosul's Southern front, killing over 950 ISIS terrorists. 10 Shares 0 1 
Federal police chief General Shaker Jodat said late Friday government troops had purged 1,850 square kilometers of Mosul’s Southern front of ISIS militants and freed more than 10,000 families, the al-Sumaria news website reported. 
The Iraqi soldiers destroyed 25 car bombs, 83 motorbike bombs, 92 explosive belts and some vehicles equipped with weapons and missiles during their advances in the area, Jodat added. 
He further noted that police forces had confiscated 36 mortar shells containing chemicals. 
On Thursday, Joint Operations Command announced that the security forces continue liberating six areas in the western coast of the city of Mosul. 
The command said in a press statement, “Troops of Federal Policed in the southwest axis of Nineveh managed, today, to fully liberate al-Ezba village,” adding that, “Anti-Terrorism forces in the eastern axis continue liberating the areas of Adan, al-Bakr, al-Zahabiya, al-Khadra’, al-Qadisiyah al-Oula and al-Tahrir.” 
“Troops of al-Hashd al-Shaabi in the western axis managed to besiege Tel Afar Airport, and continue the cleansing operations inside the airport,” the statement added. 
Joint security forces, backed by Army Aviation and international coalition continue their advance in the battle launched in 17 October 2016, to liberate the city of Mosul. Recommended For You",0
16440,False Alarm Causes Chaos At Donald Trump Rally In Nevada,"We Are Change 
Donald Trump on Saturday was quickly ushered off the stage by Secret Service agents in the middle of a campaign speech in Nevada after an incident in the crowd near the front of the stage. The incident turned out to be a false alarm that spurred the arena into chaos.
Secret Service rushes Trump off stage at Reno rally https://t.co/n82d9jXopX 
— Chrissy (@omgitsmechrissy) November 6, 2016 
Video shows that Trump was in the middle of his speech when the incident occurred. He was looking into the crowd, his hand over his eyes to block the glare from the stage lights, when Secret Service agents grabbed him and escorted him off the stage. Trump ducked his head as he left the stage. The crowd panicked with frightened looks on their faces, as the Secret Service and police tactical units rushed in to quickly arrest the man. Video on twitter shows the moment that the Secret Service and law enforcement took down the man. Got footage of man who was detained by police and Secret Service after @realDonaldTrump was rushed off stage by USSS agents pic.twitter.com/FVEieSYj5w 
— Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) November 6, 2016 
Early reports suggested a man now known to be Austyn Crites, 33 was potentially armed in the crowd according to some witnesses. Those reports have since been retracted the man was found to unarmed besides with a “republicans against Trump” sign. No weapon found at Reno event where Donald Trump was rushed off stage, senior law enforcement official says – NBC https://t.co/LZffgsYes8 
— Breaking News (@BreakingNews) November 6, 2016 
One witness said that they were in the crowd when an unknown guy creeped toward the stage staring at Trump. The witness then proceeded to get the attention of four bigger guys surrounding them and confronted the man. The man then freaked out and reached into his pocket to grab what looked like a gun.” According to the witness the man was mumbling about “the delegates.” “ I was in the crowd, me and my dad saw a guy creeping toward the stage staring at trump. i got the attention of 4 big guys around me and we confronted him and when we did he spurged out and reached into his pocket to grab what looked like a gun. when we tackled him to the ground and between punches he kept saying something about “the delegates”? he must have the delegates. sorry i’m pretty shaken up right now. “ With one person in the crowd shouting “he’s got a gun.” The man was then detained by police officers, Secret Service agents and SWAT armed with assault rifles and taken to a side room for questioning. The man is seen below bei Trump returned to the stage minutes later and proceeded to continue his speech before thanking the Secret Service and police. “Nobody said it was going to be easy for us, but we will never be stopped. We will never be stopped. I want to thank the Secret Service. These guys are fantastic.” 
~Donald Trump, said.
https://twitter.com/kellyannepolls/status/795070994956374016
Luke broke down the early details in the video below. Austyn has since been exonerated and posted to Facebook the following statement.

 
The post False Alarm Causes Chaos At Donald Trump Rally In Nevada appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
16441,"Trump Called Edward Snowden a Traitor, Implied He Should Be Executed","The Daily Sheeple – by Melissa Dykes 
Sure, Hillary Clinton is a banshee nightmare from Hell, but that really doesn’t mean Donald Trump is automatically amazing just because literally anything is better than Hillary. That’s a pretty low bar. 
Trump has assured us he’ll give a lot more power to Big Brother as if we aren’t already living in an Orwellian nightmare as it is. He has said that he will grow the police state, boost the Patriot Act, and extend the neverending wars (he keeps mentioning Iran specifically, because no matter who becomes president, they all know they have to sing that same old “Which Path to Persia?” tune). Once I even heard the man say he expects the NSA to be listening in to all our phone calls… guess that makes it okay??? 
ಠ_ಠ 
Trump has also called Edward Snowden a traitor and implied that he should be executed. 
He also banned Snowden from Miss Universe… which I’m sure must’ve really broken poor Edward’s heart. Message to Edward Snowden, you’re banned from @MissUniverse . Unless you want me to take you back home to face justice! 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 21, 2013 
While Snowden may be a limited hangout, that’s beside the point here. Without Snowden, we wouldn’t have so much hard physical evidence of just how much our Constitution has been trampled, our 4th Amendment has been run over, and our privacy has been rendered nonexistent in the cybernetic technological control grid we now find ourselves living in. 
How is exposing the tyrannical government’s crimes against the people a traitorous act worthy of death? 
And this talk of “justice”? 
Real justice would be someone standing up for the Constitution and Bill of Rights and challenging Big Brother and the NSA surveillance state, something neither Trump nor Hillary ever planned to do. 
Then again, Trump is the same guy who said he would “take out” the family members of terrorists. Do you have a criminal in the family? How would you like to be killed because your family member is a criminal? Same logic fail. 
Like this government is honest about who the real terrorists even are anyway. Come on. If we’re to believe Trump is that naive, he shouldn’t go anywhere near the oval office. 
Then again, how does the saying go? Everyone that would make a truly good president is smart enough to realize they’d never want to be president? Not that presidents are really running anything in this country anyway… 
Sigh. . @realDonaldTrump yes, I'm sure Edward Snowden would take it all back if he'd known he'd eventually be banned from @MissUniverse .",0
16442,"Israel settlements legal, Trump aide says, playing anti-Iran video message on Mount Zion","Israel settlements legal, Trump aide says, playing anti-Iran video message on Mount Zion By Press TV on October 27, 2016 
Donald Trump, the Republican candidate for the US 2016 presidential election 
GOP nominee Donald Trump does not believe that settlements built by the Zionist regime of Israel in Palestine are illegal, his advisor on Israel says. 
David Friedman, who was campaigning for the New York billionaire at a restaurant on Mount Zion (Jabel Sahyoun) in East Jerusalem al-Quds, made the comments to AFP after the Wednesday rally. 
“I don’t think he believes that the settlements are illegal,” Friedman said. 
He also said the former reality TV star is “tremendously skeptical” about the so-called two-state solution, promoted by the Democratic administration of President Barack Obama during his eight years in office, but to no avail. David Friedman (L) exits the Federal Building with Donald Trump and Ivanka Trump (R) following their appearance at US Bankruptcy Court in Camden, New Jersey, on February 25, 2010. (Photo via Bloomberg News) 
The Obama administration has already voiced criticism over Tel Aviv’s expansionist policies, considered illegal by the international community. 
The presence and continued expansion of Israeli settlements in the occupied Palestine has created a major obstacle for the efforts to establish peace in the Middle East. 
Over half a million Israelis live in more than 230 illegal settlements built since the 1967 Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories of the West Bank. A Palestinian man searches through his belongings after his family home was demolished by Israelis in Beit Hanina, near the illegal Israeli settlement of Ramat Shlomo (background) in East Jerusalem al-Quds, on October 26, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
All Israeli settlements are illegal under the international law. Tel Aviv has defied calls to stop the settlement expansion in the occupied Palestinian territories. 
Guaranteeing enmity with Tehran 
Some 150 people, including extremist Israelis and evangelical Christians, took part in the Trump rally in on Wednesday. 
Friedman echoed previous remarks by Trump, saying the real estate mogul would recognize East Jerusalem al-Quds as the capital of Israel if he wins the White House in the US 2016 presidential election. 
A short video message by Trump was also played at the event, in which he said, “Together we will stand up to the enemies like Iran, bent on destroying Israel and her people. Together we will make America and Israel safe again.” 
According to leaked emails from March 2015 by former US secretary of state Colin Powell, the regime has pointed 200 nuclear weapons at the Iranian capital. Related Posts:",0
16443,Cypriot leaders to continue talks in November: UN,"EU UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon (C) meets with Greek Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades (L) and Mustafa Akinci (R), the Turkish Cypriot leader, at the UN headquarters in New York, September 25, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
Cypriot political leaders have agreed to continue talks in Switzerland next month in an attempt to reach an agreement on the reunification of the Mediterranean island country, the United Nations (UN) has announced. 
A UN spokesman, Aleem Siddique, made the announcement on Wednesday, saying Greek Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades and Turkish Cypriot leader Mustafa Akinci will meet at Mont Pelerin, near Lake Geneva, from November 7 to 11. 
Siddique said the two leaders, in the presence of the UN envoy for Cyprus, will concentrate their talks on how much territory each side will administer under an envisioned federation and will discuss all other outstanding issues, too. 
The leaders have expressed hope that the Switzerland meeting “will pave the way for the last phase of talks in line with their shared commitment to do their utmost in order to reach a settlement within 2016,” the UN spokesman said. 
Negotiations on reuniting the Mediterranean island under a single federal roof have made significant headway since Anastasiades and Akinci resumed talks led by the UN nearly 18 months ago. 
However, important differences still remain on the question of territorial arrangements, security and property rights. 
Previous UN-mediated talks to reunify the Mediterranean island faced a deadlock in October 2014 when Turkey announced plans to search for oil and gas in waters off Cyprus. 
Cyprus has been divided since 1974, after an intervention by Turkey, which came when a military coup was carried out by individuals who sought to unify the island with Greece. 
Nearly one decade later in 1983, Turkish Cypriots declared an independent state, which has only been recognized by Ankara. Turkey has some 35,000 soldiers stationed in the north of that part of Cyprus. 
Cyprus has been a European Union (EU) member since 2004, but only the south enjoys full membership benefits. Loading ...",0
16444,Jesus Christ’s ‘Burial Bed’ discovered In 'Chruch Of The Resurrection',"« Previous - Next » Jesus Christ’s ‘Burial Bed’ discovered In 'Chruch Of The Resurrection' 
It has long been debated whether Jesus Christ truly existed and walked the earth. The Bible states that God created a miracle that allowed the Virgin Mary first to be alerted by an angel that she would become pregnant without the assistance of her husband Joseph or any other man. The Truth Of Jesus Christ Revealed 
Directly after, she became pregnant, and after giving birth, it was a boy who the angel told to name Jesus Christ and he was given just that name. While on Earth, Jesus would walk the Earth and perform miracles for the non-believers while also spreading the gospel to those who would believe in him. He would preach to those who desired him and his teachings, while also healing those who believed he was the only one who could get them into heaven. 
Despite these actions, debates between scholars of religious, scientists and atheists have long argued whether such events whether took place or whether there is a clear scientific reason for the human race being born such as evolution. The debate still continues today. One finding, however, may shut down the long-lived perceptions of scientists and atheists, due to a recent finding what was believed to be a burial slab. A team in Jerusalem found the slab . 
In the Bible, the story reads that after being crucified by the Jewish people he was put in a resting place covered by a rock where the dead were often placed. Upon this happening, three days later the rock was removed, and Jesus' body was no longer there, which correlated with Jesus' proclaiming he would be crucified but come back to life three days later. 
Researchers are now hoping to study the tomb some more to better understand the history and why and how this tomb would suddenly be found. If enough information is gathered, this can completely reshape history, because the many theories that have been thrown out for hundreds or even thousands of years would be completely negated and Jesus Christ would become the official truth to all people. The belief in science theory would no longer hold any water to the truth of Jesus Christ existing. Evolution would be completely crushed, so this would be one of the grandest findings in the 21st century. 
This article (Jesus Christ’s ‘Burial Bed’ discovered In 'Chruch Of The Resurrection') is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles",0
16445,Comment on Before and after the “Holocaust”: Jewish population numbers in 1933 and 1948 by Jews Did World War and Open Borders – aladdinsmiraclelamp,"By wmw_admin on November 30, 2013 Rebel of Oz — Nov 30, 2013 For over a century, the Jewish World Almanac has been widely regarded as the most authentic source for the world’s Jewish population numbers. Academics all over the world, including the editors of the Encyclopedia Britannica, used to rely on the accuracy of those numbers. Here is what the World Alamanacs of 1933 and 1948 had to say about the world population of Jews. World Almanac 1933 World Almanac 1948 In other words, according to the World Almanac the world population of Jews increased (!) between 1933 and 1948 from 15,315,000 to 15,753,000. If the German government under Adolf Hitler had – as alleged – murdered six million Jews those losses should have been reflected in the Jewish population numbers quoted in the World Almanac. The suspicions raised by above numbers concerning the veracity of the allegations made against the Hitler government are confirmed by the official three-volume report by the International Committee of the Red Cross, released 1948 in Geneva, according to which 272,000 concentration camp inmates died in German custody, about half of them Jews. The following article elaborates. A Factual Appraisal Of The ‘Holocaust’ By The Red Cross The Jews And The Concentration Camps: No Evidence Of Genocide There is one survey of the Jewish question in Europe during World War Two and the conditions of Germany’s concentration camps which is almost unique in its honesty and objectivity, the three-volume Report of the International Committee of the Red Cross on its Activities during the Second World War, Geneva, 1948. This comprehensive account from an entirely neutral source incorporated and expanded the findings of two previous works: Documents sur l’activité du CICR en faveur des civils détenus dans les camps de concentration en Allemagne 1939-1945 (Geneva, 1946), and Inter Arma Caritas: the Work of the ICRC during the Second World War (Geneva, 1947). The team of authors, headed by Frédéric Siordet, explained in the opening pages of the Report that their object, in the tradition of the Red Cross, had been strict political neutrality, and herein lies its great value. The ICRC successfully applied the 1929 Geneva military convention in order to gain access to civilian internees held in Central and Western Europe by the Germany authorities. By contrast, the ICRC was unable to gain any access to the Soviet Union, which had failed to ratify the Convention. The millions of civilian and military internees held in the USSR, whose conditions were known to be by far the worst, were completely cut off from any international contact or supervision. The Red Cross Report is of value in that it first clarifies the legitimate circumstances under which Jews were detained in concentration camps, i.e. as enemy aliens. In describing the two categories of civilian internees, the Report distinguishes the second type as “Civilians deported on administrative grounds (in German, “Schutzhäftlinge”), who were arrested for political or racial motives because their presence was considered a danger to the State or the occupation forces” (Vol. 111, p. 73). These persons, it continues, “were placed on the same footing as persons arrested or imprisoned under common law for security reasons.” (P.74). The Report admits that the Germans were at first reluctant to permit supervision by the Red Cross of people detained on grounds relating to security, but by the latter part of 1942, the ICRC obtained important concessions from Germany. They were permitted to distribute food parcels to major concentration camps in Germany from August 1942, and “from February 1943 onwards this concession was extended to all other camps and prisons” (Vol. 111, p. 78). The ICRC soon established contact with camp commandants and launched a food relief programme which continued to function until the last months of 1945, letters of thanks for which came pouring in from Jewish internees. Red Cross Recipients Were Jews The Report states that “As many as 9,000 parcels were packed daily. >From the autumn of 1943 until May 1945, about 1,112,000 parcels with a total weight of 4,500 tons were sent off to the concentration camps” (Vol. III, p. 80). In addition to food, these contained clothing and pharmaceutical supplies. “Parcels were sent to Dachau, Buchenwald, Sangerhausen, Sachsenhausen, Oranienburg, Flossenburg, Landsberg-am-Lech, Flöha, Ravensbrück, Hamburg-Neuengamme, Mauthausen, Theresienstadt, Auschwitz, Bergen-Belsen, to camps near Vienna and in Central and Southern Germany. The principal recipients were Belgians, Dutch, French, Greeks, Italians, Norwegians, Poles and stateless Jews” (Vol. III, p. 83). In the course of the war, “The Committee was in a position to transfer and distribute in the form of relief supplies over twenty million Swiss francs collected by Jewish welfare organisations throughout the world, in particular by the American Joint Distribution Committee of New York” (Vol. I, p. 644). This latter organisation was permitted by the German Government to maintain offices in Berlin until the American entry into the war. The ICRC complained that obstruction of their vast relief operation for Jewish internees came not from the Germans but from the tight Allied blockade of Europe. Most of their purchases of relief food were made in Rumania, Hungary and Slovakia. The ICRC had special praise for the liberal conditions which prevailed at Theresienstadt up to the time of their last visits there in April 1945. This camp, “where there were about 40,000 Jews deported from various countries was a relatively privileged ghetto” (Vol. III, p. 75). According to the Report, “‘The Committee’s delegates were able to visit the camp at Theresienstadt (Terezin) which was used exclusively for Jews and was governed by special conditions. From information gathered by the Committee, this camp had been started as an experiment by certain leaders of the Reich … These men wished to give the Jews the means of setting up a communal life in a town under their own administration and possessing almost complete autonomy. . . two delegates were able to visit the camp on April 6th, 1945. They confirmed the favourable impression gained on the first visit” (Vol. I, p . 642). The ICRC also had praise for the regime of Ion Antonescu of Fascist Rumania where the Committee was able to extend special relief to 183,000 Rumanian Jews until the time of the Soviet occupation. The aid then ceased, and the ICRC complained bitterly that it never succeeded “in sending anything whatsoever to Russia” (Vol. II, p. 62). The same situation applied to many of the German camps after their “liberation” by the Russians. The ICRC received a voluminous flow of mail from Auschwitz until the period of the Soviet occupation, when many of the internees were evacuated westward. But the efforts of the Red Cross to send relief to internees remaining at Auschwitz under Soviet control were futile. However, food parcels continued to be sent to former Auschwitz inmates transferred west to such camps as Buchenwald and Oranienburg. No Evidence Of Genocide One of the most important aspects of the Red Cross Report is that it clarifies the true cause of those deaths that undoubtedly occurred in the camps toward the end of the war. Says the Report: “In the chaotic condition of Germany after the invasion during the final months of the war, the camps received no food supplies at all and starvation claimed an increasing number of victims. Itself alarmed by this situation, the German Government at last informed the ICRC on February 1st, 1945 … In March 1945, discussions between the President of the ICRC and General of the S.S. Kaltenbrunner gave even more decisive results. Relief could henceforth be distributed by the ICRC, and one delegate was authorised to stay in each camp …” (Vol. III, p. 83). Clearly, the German authorities were at pains to relieve the dire situation as far as they were able. The Red Cross are quite explicit in stating that food supplies ceased at this time due to the Allied bombing of German transportation, and in the interests of interned Jews they had protested on March 15th, 1944 against “the barbarous aerial warfare of the Allies” (Inter Arma Caritas, p. 78). By October 2nd, 1944, the ICRC warned the German Foreign Office of the impending collapse of the German transportation system, declaring that starvation conditions for people throughout Germany were becoming inevitable. In dealing with this comprehensive, three-volume Report, it is important to stress that the delegates of the International Red Cross found no evidence whatever at the camps in Axis occupied Europe of a deliberate policy to exterminate the Jews. In all its 1,600 pages the Report does not even mention such a thing as a gas chamber. It admits that Jews, like many other wartime nationalities, suffered rigours and privations, but its complete silence on the subject of planned extermination is ample refutation of the Six Million legend. Like the Vatican representatives with whom they worked, the Red Cross found itself unable to indulge in the irresponsible charges of genocide which had become the order of the day. So far as the genuine mortality rate is concerned, the Report points out that most of the Jewish doctors from the camps were being used to combat typhus on the eastern front, so that they were unavailable when the typhus epidemics of 1945 broke out in the camps (Vol. I, p. 204 ff) – Incidentally, it is frequently claimed that mass executions were carried out in gas chambers cunningly disguised as shower facilities. Again the Report makes nonsense of this allegation. “Not only the washing places, but installations for baths, showers and laundry were inspected by the delegates. They had often to take action to have fixtures made less primitive, and to get them repaired or enlarged” (Vol. III, p. 594). Not All Were Interned Volume III of the Red Cross Report, Chapter 3 (I. Jewish Civilian Population) deals with the “aid given to the Jewish section of the free population,” and this chapter makes it quite plain that by no means all of the European Jews were placed in internment camps, but remained, subject to certain restrictions, as part of the free civilian population. This conflicts directly with the “thoroughness” of the supposed “extermination programme”, and with the claim in the forged Höss memoirs that Eichmann was obsessed with seizing “every single Jew he could lay his hands on.” In Slovakia, for example, where Eichmann’s assistant Dieter Wisliceny was in charge, the Report states that “A large proportion of the Jewish minority had permission to stay in the country, and at certain periods Slovakia was looked upon as a comparative haven of refuge for Jews, especially for those coming from Poland. Those who remained in Slovakia seem to have been in comparative safety until the end of August 1944, when a rising against the German forces took place. While it is true that the law of May 15th, 1942 had brought about the internment of several thousand Jews, these people were held in camps where the conditions of food and lodging were tolerable, and where the internees were allowed to do paid work on terms almost equal to those of the free labour market” (Vol. I, p. 646). Not only did large numbers of the three million or so European Jews avoid internment altogether, but the emigration of Jews continued throughout the war, generally by way of Hungary, Rumania and Turkey. Ironically, post-war Jewish emigration from German-occupied territories was also facilitated by the Reich, as in the case of the Polish Jews who had escaped to France before its occupation. “The Jews from Poland who, whilst in France, had obtained entrance permits to the United States were held to be American citizens by the German occupying authorities, who further agreed to recognize the validity of about three thousand passports issued to Jews by the consulates of South American countries” (Vol. I, p. 645). As future U.S. citizens, these Jews were held at the Vittel camp in southern France for American aliens. The emigration of European Jews from Hungary in particular proceeded during the war unhindered by the German authorities. “Until March 1944,” says the. Red Cross Report, “Jews who had the privilege of visas for Palestine were free to leave Hungary” (Vol. I, p. 648). Even after the replacement of the Horthy Government in 1944 (following its attempted armistice with the Soviet Union) with a government more dependent on German authority, the emigration of Jews continued. The Committee secured the pledges of both Britain and the United States “to give support by every means to the emigration of Jews from Hungary,” and from the U.S. Government the ICRC received a message stating that “The Government of the United States … now specifically repeats its assurance that arrangements will be made by it for the care of all Jews who in the present circumstances are allowed to leave” (Vol. I, p . 649). Biedermann agreed that in the nineteen instances that “Did Six Million Really Die?” quoted from the Report of the International Committee of the Red Cross on its Activities during the Second World War and Inter Arma Caritas (this includes the above material), it did so accurately. A quote from Charles Biedermann (a delegate of the International Committee of the Red Cross and Director of the Red Cross’ International Tracing Service) under oath at the Zündel Trial (February 9, 10, 11 and 12, 1988).",0
16446,NYPD Source: We Have Enough Evidence “To Put Hillary & Her Crew Away for Life”,"0 comments 
NYPD sources have confided to True Pundit that information contained on the shared laptop of Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin contains enough evidence “to put Hillary and her crew away for life.” 
Police first seized the laptop during their investigation into Weiner’s underage sexting scandal last month, but then found the thousands of emails pertaining to Clinton. 
NYPD sources said these new emails include evidence linking Clinton herself and associates to the following: Money laundering Sex crimes with minors (children) Perjury Pay to play through Clinton Foundation Obstruction of justice Other felony crimes 
The NYPD Chief expressed that what he has seen is so horrific he will not allow Clinton to walk away unpunished. 
“Whatâs in the emails is staggering and as a father, it turned my stomach,” heÂ said. “There is not going to be any Houdini-like escape from what we found. We have copies of everything. We will ship them to Wikileaks or I will personally hold my own press conference if it comes to that. People are going to prison.”",0
16447,"Counting 100% Over: Trump Gets 306 Electors, Media Refuses to Update Maps","
The Liberal media just can’t give Trump his due after his historic win yesterday. Still today at 3:30pm – nearly 24 hours since voting stopped – the liberal media will not show Trump’s total winning results.
The New York Times which did a respectable job last night keeping with timely updates still does not show Trump wins in Michigan or Arizona. Yet they report Michigan with 100% reporting with Trump up 48% to Clinton’s 47%.
Arizona is worse. They show Trump leading in Arizona by five points with 100% reporting (50% to 45%).
Trump also nearly won Minnesota and New Hampshire which he lost only by 1437 votes.
Real Clear Politics is still showing Trump with only 225 delegates to date, under reporting his 300+ delegates materially.

All other electoral maps are showing Donald Trump stuck at 279 as we speak. They will eventually update but this is going on for hours now. They are so humiliated and filled with hatred against Trump that they simply delay updating their maps.
The count is over and the only one showing the finalized updated map at this point is Wikipedia which shows 306 electors.
Just a few days ago the media was having wet dreams about a Hillary Clinton landslide. They were fantasizing about Hillary getting 352 electoral votes . What a bunch of pathetic scumbags. Cancel your subscription to them, subscribe to us instead. The EU Times, we have openly supported Donald Trump since he first announced in June 2015! When everybody else was bashing him back in the primaries over bimbo Megyn Kelly, over low-energy Jeb! we were among the few who were bashing left and right everywhere to defend our dear leader of whom we immediately fell in love with just because of his immigration program alone and then more goodies were added to the table as time went on, trade deals, NAFTA, TPP, returning of jobs, industry from China, Mexico, etc. Check our archives, read our older stories, convince yourself that we are 100% Trump authentic and Trump supporters since day 1!

CNN , Washington Post , New York Times , NBC News , Google , absolutely NO ONE has updated their maps to include Michigan and Arizona! Well at least it looks like CNN finally awarded Arizona to Trump which now stands at 290 electors but they are refusing to grant him Michigan despite finishing the count hours BEFORE Arizona. They simply can’t believe that so many blue northern states went to Trump…
It is official, it wasn’t just a victory, it was a LANDSLIDE VICTORY, the people have spoken!
",0
16448,This man dressed as the “20th Century Fox shitty flute” meme for Halloween,"Next Swipe left/right This man dressed as the “20th Century Fox shitty flute” meme for Halloween You’re probably familiar with the “shitty flute” version of the 20th Century Fox logo that’s been knocking around the internet for years – so naturally someone has dressed up as it for Halloween. A video posted by aboynamedsoo (@aboynamedsoo) on Oct 29, 2016 at 6:21pm PDT 
According to the Daily Dot Soo-Hon Kim spent about five hours putting the costume together before a party on Saturday. He used a couple of small flashlights, some cardboard, and portable Bluetooth speaker behind the logo that connected to his own playlist. 
Here’s the original video, in case that wetted your appetite for shitty flutes.",0
16449,Brussels Fears EU Will Not Survive a Marine Le Pen Victory in France,"Top eurocrats fear that should Marine Le Pen win the French presidency, the European Union will not survive. [“From the [European] Commission’s point of view, success for Marine Le Pen is a disaster and an existential threat to the European project,” a top official from the bloc’s unelected executive told Politico. “We can survive a Brexit, but not a Frexit. ”  Ms. Le Pen has stopped short of openly endorsing French withdrawal from the EU but has pledged a “France First” economic policy should she win office, levying taxes on companies which move jobs out of the country and reintroducing the French franc alongside the     euro currency  —   policies which would fall foul of EU law. The economic patriotism which I advocate is impossible within the European Union ! https:  .   —   Marine in English (@Marine2017_EN) March 6, 2017, Following mass casualty terror attacks in Paris, Nice, and elsewhere in France, Ms. Le Pen also pledged to take France out of the EU’s   Schengen area, which former Interpol chief Robert Nobel has described as “an international   zone for terrorists”. Politico’s sources inside the European Commission, however, have insisted that “There is no legal way to leave the euro or Schengen and still remain in the European Union. ” By preventing us from having national borders, the European Union condemns us to undergo #mass immigration #Marine2017 https:  .   —   Marine in English (@Marine2017_EN) March 10, 2017, Another top staffer confessed the prospect of a Le Pen presidency “worries us  —   without any doubt   …     After the UK [referendum] and the U. S. election, it would almost be a natural consequence. ” Conscious of its unpopularity, the EU as an institution has played only an   role in events like the Brexit referendum, but has intervened far more directly in the French elections. Pierre Moscovici, the European Commissioner for Economic and Financial Affairs, Taxation and Customs, has said it would be “a mistake” to avoid confronting politicians like Ms. Le Pen directly, as “France leaving Europe   …     would both kill Europe and make France choke severely”. ”I am convinced this is not an example to follow”: my remarks on #Brexit to @bbckamal https:  .  #Davos #wef17 pic. twitter.   —   Pierre Moscovici (@pierremoscovici) January 19, 2017,  “The Commission would vote [Emmanuel] Macron without any doubt,” a top Commission official confessed to Politico, referring to Ms. Le Pen’s main rival for the presidency. Macron, a   independent in the cast of former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair, served as economy minister in François Hollande’s socialist government.",0
16450,19 Most Mysterious Things Ever Photographed On Mars,"posted by Eddie We’ve been exploring the surface of Mars since the mid ’70s. Since then, roving vehicles have sent back thousands of fascinating images, all of which are helping scientists to understand whether the Red Planet could have once supported life. But could these 20 images be the only clues they need? From strange skulls to abandoned space stations, these photos have certainly got UFO hunters and conspiracy theorists talking nonstop. 19. Face of an ancient god The Mars Opportunity rover was just going about its business; it didn’t expect to be greeted by the face of the divine. But that’s what happened, or so it seems, with the image it captured bearing more than a passing resemblance to the 2,800-year old Neo-Assyrian god on the right. 18. Lady in the distance This landscape is about as Martian as it gets, but standing on one of those rocks is what appears to be the figure of a woman. “She” was captured by NASA’s Curiosity rover, and website UFO Sightings Daily reckons that the image is proof that there’s life on Mars. 17. A perfect pyramid It looks like something straight from the Libyan Desert, but this isn’t one of the pyramids of Giza. No, this image was taken by NASA’s Curiosity rover, with the “pyramid” being roughly as big as a car. Paranormal investigators say it’s proof of alien life; scientists say it’s simply a quirky rock formation. 16. A huge human face This large Martian rock in the planet’s Cydonia region looks like a person’s face – there’s just no denying it. It was captured during the Viking 1 mission way back in 1976, but NASA scientists were quick to explain that, unfortunately, the “face” was merely a light-and-shadows induced mirage. 15. A thigh bone There’s no getting around this one: it’s obviously a thigh bone, right? Well, when it was captured by the Curiosity rover in 2014, NASA swiftly pointed out that, actually, this was the image of a rock that had been eroded by water. That’ s still quite exciting, as it’s a sign of life; less exciting, though, is the fact that it could equally well have been shaped by wind. 14. Alien skeleton Conspiracy theorists reckon that this shot is proof that aliens once roamed Mars. Their case, on the surface, appears to be strong – a head and torso can be clearly made out, as can a pair of arms. But who knows what happened to the “skeleton”’s legs? 13. Star Wars spaceship This photo appears to have captured a downed Destroyer in the desolate Martian landscape, which seems crazy given that Star Wars is fictional – but hey, the camera never lies, right? The image was taken by NASA’s Curiosity rover, and UFO experts have been totally captivated by it. 12. Jelly donut Apparently aliens are partial to sweet treats, too. But the weirdest thing about this apparent image of a jelly donut is that one day, it wasn’t there, and then 12 days later, it was. Did NASA’s Opportunity rover miss a careless alien dropping it as it passed by? One concerned citizen even launched a lawsuit against NASA, claiming that they were not investigating this donut-shaped proof of life properly. 11. Alien scorpion Scott C. Waring, a self-titled “alien expert” from Taiwan, believes that this image depicts a giant scorpion scuttling across the surface of Mars. The intriguing image was taken by the Curiosity rover in September 2015, and it’s left quite the sting in the tail. 10. Alien peering from a cave Is this a shy alien peering out from its cave? Well, Scott C. Waring certainly believes so. In his YouTube video analysis of NASA coverage, he says, “Right inside this little cave area there is a pink face or a red face sticking out. Is it a living being? Possibly.” 9. Female statue In 2007 the Mars Spirit rover captured this strange image of what appears to be a female statue, though at first glance it also looks remarkably like Bigfoot. The Planetary Society, however, believe that the image is nothing more than a trick of the eye. 8. “Marshenge” Anything Earth can do, in an ancient unexplained monument sense, Mars can do too. This is “Marshenge,” and a YouTuber by the name of Mr. Enigma – who calls himself an alien hunter – has said that it looks “eerily similar” to the stone circle in Wiltshire, England. “I’m just saying there is something strange about this area,” he concluded. 7. Crab monster This image, captured by the Curiosity rover, appears to show a crab-like monster emerging from a gap in the rocks. Sadly, however, it’s nothing more than an optical illusion caused by our brains’ habit of recognizing familiar shapes in unfamiliar objects. It’s called pareidolia, and it’s why we often see things that aren’t there. 6. A giant waffle Towards the end of 2014 the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter took this photo of an island on Mars’ exterior. What was so interesting about it? Well, it looks like a giant waffle – one that is 1.2 miles across, in fact. Yet rather than being delicious and edible, it’s believed to have been formed from lava flows breaking out from beneath the planet’s surface. 5. Bigfoot skull If that was Bigfoot earlier, then this may be the skull of one its descendants. It was captured by the Curiosity rover in 2016, and while it got people talking, the “skull” – which is, somewhat predictably, just a rock – is really just another example of pareidolia. 4. Mystery dome This strange dome, according to conspiracy theorists, was constructed by an ancient civilization. “Is it possible,” questioned the Unsilent Majority website, “that we are looking at some sort of building left behind by ancient inhabitants on Mars?” Its existence was uncovered by the Opportunity rover in 2015. 3. The Mars monolith In 2009 the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter captured what appeared to be a monolith on the surface of Mars. The remarkable image was published to the Lunar Explorer Italia website, which is how people started talking about it. Scientists, however, later said that the monolith was nothing more than a typical Martian boulder. 2. Something shiny In 2012 the Curiosity rover captured a small shiny object somewhere on Mars’ surface. Was it a fragment of alien spacecraft, or a piece of leftover currency? Well, according to NASA scientists the object is merely a part of the Red Planet’s typical geological make-up. It’s no doubt worth a few dollars on eBay, though. 1. Hunk of metal What’s this hunk of metal doing on Mars? It was unearthed by the Curiosity rover in 2013, and when it was published Flickr users tried to enhance it to discover what it was. It’s suggested however, that the object could merely be a fragment of a meteorite or – even more disappointingly – a trick of the light. source:",0
16451,Burnett: White House Faction Pushing Trump to Stay in Paris Climate Deal Despite Campaign Promise,"Environment and Energy Policy research fellow at the Heartland Institute, H. Sterling Burnett, spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Tuesday regarding President Trump’s position on the Paris Climate Agreement. The Heartland Institute has called for the United States to withdraw. [The press release reads in part:  The Paris Climate Treaty puts America last, the exact opposite of what candidate Trump and now President Trump has promised. The treaty would require the United States to make massive reductions in emissions and pay billions of dollars in ‘climate reparations’ to Third World dictators, while requiring no emission cuts from developing countries including India and China. Why should the United States pay hundreds of billions of dollars to developing countries at a time when the U. S. government is running massive debts, when economic growth is slower for a longer period of time than at any time since the Great Depression, and when American workers are losing out to   workers in China and India? Burnett said Wednesday, “Trump rightly said he was going to withdraw from this, but   …     there are two factions in the White House. There are those like Scott Pruitt, head of the EPA, like Steve Bannon, his adviser, that say keep your campaign promise. Withdraw from the Paris Climate agreement. Let America grow. ” “But then there’s the other faction,” he continued, “that’s led by Rex Tillerson, who has a lot of influence   …     as secretary of state, who said we should stay in the agreement. It’s led by his daughter and    Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner.   …     She wants to make climate change her signature issue. So he’s got powerful interests trying to keep him in the agreement, saying not [to] leave it as it is, but renegotiate it. Cut a better deal. ” “Problem is, there are no terms within the treaty to cut a better deal. You’re not allowed within the treaty to cut a better deal. And the worst problem is, is there’s no better deal to be had, in the sense that if you’re forcing America to cut its emissions, you’re having big government intervene in the economy,” he concluded. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
16452,"Bank of England: EU, Not UK, Has Most to Lose from Brexit","The Governor of the Bank of England, Mark Carney, has told MPs that leaving the European Union (EU) is not the biggest threat to financial stability in Britain, and that Brexit actually poses a bigger risk to the continent than it does to the UK. [He said “I am not saying there are not financial stability risks in the UK   …     but there are greater short term risks on the continent in the transition than there are in the UK” reports the Daily Telegraph.  This constitutes a substantial   for the Goldman Sachs alumnus, who argued during that referendum that voting to leave the EU could hit growth and tip the country into a technical recession. Following the vote, however, the UK economy has performed strongly. Growth in the construction, services, and manufacturing sectors are at     and   highs, respectively, according to the purchasing managers indices (PMIs) for each sector. PMIs are among the leading indicators for the economic health of a country. Ewen Stewart, a director at the Global Britain think tank and leading Scottish economist, welcomed Carney’s apparent change of heart, telling Breitbart London he was “baffled” by the central bank’s gloomy   forecasts. “The risks of Brexit do indeed lie with the EU and not the UK   …     because of the inherent contradictions within the Eurozone,” he confirmed. “The EU have far more to lose than the UK, especially as it becomes ever more apparent that the UK is well positioned to strike free trade deals with the US, Australia, and other   regions. ” Andrew Haldane, the Bank of England’s chief economist, has described the Bank’s inaccurate   forecasts as a “Michael Fish” moment, recalling the BBC weatherman’s infamous   dismissal of a hurricane prediction hours before the Great Storm of 1987 struck Britain. Richard Tice,   of the Leave Means Leave campaign, told Breitbart London that Carney was simply “catching up with what we Brexiteers knew all along”. “The UK will thrive, we have the upper hand and nothing to fear. He should offer to resign given his woeful forecasting track record. ”",0
16453,Big Society success as community choir takes control of policing,"November 18, 2016 
Prime Minister David Cameron has hailed the success of his Big Society programme, citing the example of South Oxhey Community Choir, which has been appointed to take control of all policing and crime issues in the area. 
Mr Cameron says: ‘The Big Society is about giving control of public services back to community groups and charities. What these local activists lack in experience, funding, training and competence they more than make up for with enthusiasm and their own gardening tools.’ 
Robert Fette, the Musical Director of the Choir says, ‘We were actually bidding to run an after-schools music project for 8-16 year olds. But beggars can’t be choosers, so we’re going to combine our challenging programme of Tippet, Purcell and Britten with upholding law and order, detecting the perpetrators of serious crime and the random kettling of student protestors.’ 
During one busy evening last week, a desperate 999 call redirected to the choir saw the tenors despatched to a local warehouse, where an abortive burglary had resulted in a security guard being held hostage by a desperate drug-addicted gunman. After the choristers used old police loud hailers to sing a couple of verses of ‘Stand By Me’, the gunman gave himself up. He has been promised that he can sing ‘Smack My Bitch Up’ in next month’s hugely anticipated community concert. 
‘Our busy rehearsal schedule means that we cannot spend as much time as we would like preparing statements when cases come to trial, but at least our evidence is presented with a vibrant and ever-changing accompaniment of pop, gospel, classical and world music that certainly brightens up court proceedings.’ 
Elsewhere in the district, South Oxhey Cat Rescue has won control of the Meals on Wheels service previously provided by the council. Ms Moira Finnegan, who heads up South Oxhey Cat Rescue, says: ‘This is very exciting. Obviously it means the elderly will have to eat tinned cat food, but the way the cuts were shaping up, that was bound to happen anyway.’ 
However, it is not all good news for Mr Cameron. The case against the gunman in the Oxhey warehouse siege collapsed after the judge in the case suspended the trial and went home to watch television. Judge Shanika Thompson, aged 9, said she was bored of volunteering to be a judge and asked if she could go back to being school library monitor instead. Share this story... 
Posted: Nov 18th, 2016 by Fin Robertson Click for more article by Fin Robertson .. More Stories about: From The Archives 1",0
16454,Syrian Forces Make Gains Near Aleppo With Russian Help - The New York Times,"BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Russian airstrikes helped the Syrian government and allied forces seize critical territory on the outskirts of the divided northern city of Aleppo on Monday, tightening a siege of   territory there as Russian and American officials joined meetings said to be aimed at hashing out access for humanitarian aid to the city. Intensifying battles raged across several fronts in Syria’s multisided war, signaling that the combatants were seeking to press their advantage on the ground either to bypass the talks or strengthen their position at the table. The siege of   parts of Aleppo had been   on Sunday. Islamic State militants claimed a series of bombings that killed at least 40 people in four cities across Syria on Monday  —   two cities held by the Syrian government and two held by Syrian Kurdish militias. The largest and most unusual attack was in Tartus, a coastal city that had been so calm that the Syrian Ministry of Tourism recently put out a promotional video showing its Mediterranean beaches. The attack in Tartus struck a checkpoint along a highway that runs from the coastal areas, where support for the government is strong, to the Syrian capital, Damascus, connecting a string of major cities that the government has made it a priority to control. An initial blast was followed a few minutes later by another, apparently an attempt to target rescue workers. Around the same time on Monday morning, blasts went off in a   area in the central city of Homs and in two cities, Qamishli and Hasakeh, in the   northeast. The bombs in the Kurdish areas were quickly claimed by the Islamic State’s media agency, Amaq. Those bombings occurred after major setbacks for the Islamic State, which on Sunday was pushed from its last footholds along the Turkish border by Turkish forces and Syrian rebels backed by Turkey and the United States. The changes have denied the Islamic State a key supply and transportation corridor while allowing Turkey to block the establishment of a Kurdish semiautonomous zone there. They have also given a lift to Syrian rebels eager to show they can help international efforts against the Islamic State. But the changes sent American officials scrambling to mend fences with the Syrian Kurdish militias, which also receive American assistance against the Islamic State. The State Department said Brett H. McGurk, the United States envoy to the region, had visited     forces in northern Syria recently and given assurances that American support was still strong. But he also issued a warning that the Kurds must abide by commitments to remain east of the Euphrates River. West of the river, Syrian rebels and their Turkish backers now control an area that Turkey has long coveted as a buffer zone, where displaced Syrians, protected from aerial bombing, could gather instead of flowing into Turkey. Turkey’s president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, declared Monday at the Group of 20 summit meeting in China that he had proposed to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and President Obama that a   zone be established there. But similar requests by Turkey have been put off before. Diplomats played down the chances that Russia and the United States would agree even on a limited truce in Aleppo, let alone a more ambitious plan. In Lebanon on Monday, a Lebanese military court indicted two Syrian government intelligence officers accused of setting off twin bomb blasts at Sunni mosques in the northern Lebanese city of Tripoli in 2013. The ruling said the officers, identified by Lebanon’s National News Agency as Muhammad Ali Ali and Nasser Jubaan, had acted on orders from superiors in the Syrian security hierarchy.",0
16455,New York State Kills Literacy Test for Teachers: Minority Kids Hardest Hit - Breitbart,"Teachers’ unions are cheering the news that New York state education officials have killed off a literacy test which successfully revealed that almost a third of candidate teachers cannot meet   standards. [Members of the New York state Board of Regents voted on Monday to eliminate the literacy exam which revealed the prospective teachers’ poor reading and writing skills, saying the controversial test is “flawed” and that it puts Latino and   teacher applicants at an unfair disadvantage.  Advocates of testing said the decision to kill the literacy test will lower teaching standards, especially for minority students in the city.  “Eliminating the [test just] to increase the number of unqualified, unprepared Black and Latino prospective teachers is the most racist and destructive action taken under the guise of diversifying NY’s teachers,” said Mona Davids, President of the New York City Parents Union, adding:  We, Black and Latino parents, do not want teachers who cannot pass a basic literacy test. We don’t care about the color or race of the teacher, we want highly effective teachers teaching our children. “It’s alarming because we’ve now abandoned or watered down the teacher evaluation process, and now we’re lowering the bar for entry certification as well,” said Charles Sahm, Director of Education policy at the Conservative think tank Manhattan Institute. “It is deeply disappointing that the Regents and State Education Department are lowering the bar for teacher literacy skills and astonishing that there has been virtually no public discussion of the potential impact on student learning,” said Ian Rosenblum, the Executive Director of Education   York, a   advocacy organization that promotes high academic achievement for students of color and   students. “We should be focusing on ensuring that prospective teachers receive the support they need in teacher preparation programs rather than weakening the teacher certification standards that can help ensure students have equitable access to strong educators,” he said.  The Academic Literacy Skills Test, one of the four exams aspiring teachers in New York must take to become certified, was introduced in 2013 to ensure teachers had strong language skills and to assess the ability to master the Common Core standards for English. Considered the hardest exam out of the four, it found that 32 percent of aspiring teachers statewide failed the test  —   even though it was passed by teachers who just met   English standards.  The exam began to draw controversy when data from the State Education Department showed that only 41 percent of black   and 46 percent of Hispanic   passed on the first try, compared to 64 percent of white test takers. This disparate result also cut the pool of eligible teaching candidates by 20 percent in just one year. State officials defended their vote to let the least literate teachers into classrooms.  “We’re not getting rid of literacy, so let’s dispel that right now,” said Kathleen Cashin, who chairs the board committee. “Just because the word ‘literacy’ is on the test doesn’t mean it’s a good test, does it? And if it’s not a good test, our students [teachers] shouldn’t be subjected to it. ” Cashin added, “It’s just that if you have a flawed test, does that raise standards or does that lower standards?” State Education Commissioner MaryEllen Elia also supported the Board of Regents’s removal of the test. “The Regents and I continue to seek out expert advice from educators, parents and the public as we make important policy decisions,” Elia said, adding: In this case, the experts and practitioners have suggested changes to our certification requirements that will help support teacher candidates and ensure students are taught by   teachers while helping to address the national teacher shortage at the same time. New York’s teaching certification requirements remain some of the most rigorous in the country, requiring the vast majority of teaching candidates to pass three assessments before earning certification. To replace the ALST, the New York State Education Department recommending on modifying one of the three remaining exams, the Educating All Students (EAS) test to “assesses both students’ ability to teach a diverse population and also their literacy skills. ” Since the federal ruling which supported the test, the Board of Regents, a powerful   panel that sets education policy for New York, established an edTPA Task Force in 2016 to review issues with the teacher certification exams. According to, The Task Force subsequently complained about “the cost of the exam, the ongoing need for the exam in light of the other required exams and the total number of exams required for certification. ” Despite the 2015 ruling and findings from the Task Force that found no racial bias, members of the Task Force still claim the ALST exam has caused a shortage of minority teachers.  “Having a white workforce really doesn’t match our student body anymore,” Leslie Soodak, a professor at Pace University, who also serves as a member of the Task Force. “We want high standards, without a doubt. Not every given test is going to get us there. ” New York education leaders defended killing the test.  “The changes we advanced today strike the right balance for both teachers and students,” Board of Regents Chancellor Betty A. Rosa said in a statement. “Candidates for certification will still be required to demonstrate their teaching skills and knowledge before entering the classroom. At the same time, we are eliminating costly and unnecessary testing requirements that create unfair obstacles to certification for many applicants. ” According to the Albany   Rosa slammed the critics who are critical of the changes, calling it “insulting. ” “We’ve got individuals out there who don’t even know what this [literacy] test looks like,” Rosa said. “The only thing they know is they hear the word ‘literacy’ and they don’t realize these people are going through a bachelor’s degree, English classes, writing classes. Getting a degree and all of that stuff becomes negated, and it’s so insulting that people make this an issue without having the complete story. ” “The changes adopted by the Regents will, when fixed, fix some of the worst problems associated with the botched   of edTPA and   testing for aspiring teachers while maintaining high standards for those students who wish to enter the profession,” the teacher union said in a statement. “Eliminating the duplicative Academic Literacy Skills Test (ALST)  —   are pluses for students, and we support these changes. ” Advocates for better education were not mollified by the promise of from the   advocates.  “The Regents eliminating the ALST is again putting the interests of adults before our children,” Davids said. “By lowering the bar for prospective teachers to please the teachers union and   diploma mills, Schools of Education, the Regents is completely destroying the futures of Black and Latino students. The majority of students do not read, write or do math at grade level and we need teachers who are literate and effective. ” “It is important that we increase the share of black and Hispanic teachers, and we certainly don’t have enough here or anywhere, Sahm said. “I don’t think this is the way to go. This is a literacy exam. If you’re going to be a teacher in New York state, this is a criterion you should be able to meet. ” ",0
16456,Dr. Zuhdi Jasser: Left Uses Muslims as ‘Foil for Identity Politics’,"Dr. Zuhdi Jasser, founder and president of the American Islamic Forum for Democracy, strongly disputed accusations that President Trump’s immigration order contains a “religious test” or “bans Muslims. ”[“I don’t know where they’re getting that from,” he said. “I don’t think they read the same executive order. ”  “I served on the U. S. Commission on Religious Freedom for four years,” he pointed out. “We have an ambassador of religious freedom that goes around the world, trying to advance American values and protecting minorities. And it is extremely American, if not our first freedom, obviously, to protect religious freedom. That includes the persecution of minorities. ” “The executive order from President Trump said nothing specifically about any specific religion. It said we will protect those persecuted in the name of religion, for their religion. So that would include Christians, Yazidis, and even Sunni Muslims like myself who are part of the majority in Syria  —   or Egypt, or Saudi Arabia, or wherever  —   but yet have dissident opinions that are persecuted,” he pointed out. Jasser said it truly would be wrong to favor one religion over the other, “but it is very American to favor those who are persecuted over those who are the oppressors. ”  “And there’s nothing more American than vetting refugees, and beginning to vet them against those who believe in theocracy,” he added. “We don’t want people coming into this country that believe in the Islamic states. We want those who believe in freedom and liberty. I think it’s appropriate to pause and begin the process of vetting ideology, which hasn’t happened so far. We’re sort of welcoming in anyone, including jihadists. It’s just amazing how the identity Left loves to use us Muslims as a foil of identity politics. They’re really not addressing what was written in that order. ” Jasser said Trump’s order was, if anything, too narrow. “I think there should have been more countries: Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Qatar. The havens of the founding fathers of ISIS, I think, should have been included. But that would not make it more ‘ .’ There is nothing more   than helping dissident Muslims, helping those persecuted under theocracy, under the sharia state, if you will. ” He noted that the seven countries affected by Trump’s executive order are “the same seven countries that Obama listed as hot spots. ” “I will say, there should be some fair criticism about the messaging from the White House on this,” he added. “I understand why they rushed it: because they didn’t want people to get a head start, the radicals to get a head start. But still, probably the implementation could have been done better at the front lines, in airports, etc. But that’s a different criticism from having what I believe are   rallies across the country to try to undercut the stability of our country. ” Jasser said it was time to begin shifting “the axis of the conversation” about Islam and religious freedom. “The conversation for the last eight years, or even into the Bush administration, has been about ‘countering violent extremism,’ which is a tactic,” he said. “We need to start shifting to saying, ‘Well, what are we for?’ We’re against extremism. I think we should change it so that we’re against violent Islamism, so that we make it clear  —   because when you make it clear and identify the enemy as theocratic Islamists, then Americans can start to say, ‘Okay, so the   are our friends and allies, and the Islamists are our enemies.’ That makes it actually more   rather than creating this sort of generic phobia of, ‘Well, any Muslim could be a terrorist. ’” “That’s number one. Number two, we need to talk about what we’re for,” he continued. “We will advance those who want freedom and liberty, who believe in secular democracy. Our Muslim reform movement has a   declaration that is a declaration of principles, that says we’re against the Caliphate. We believe in the universal declaration of human rights. These are things that I’d like to see the President, as he has this   stay, start to engage. ” “He talks about a commission on radical Islamism. I hope he starts putting that into play because the pause is just going to be a pause, with nothing gained, if we don’t start to educate Americans about what we’re for, and what the sides are,” he warned. “The old allies in the Middle East  —   Saudi Arabia, etc.  —   they might be with us in this    program, but they’re both the firefighters and the arsonists. We need to make clear that our principles in America, our religious freedom, are not embodied in those countries that are the cauldrons of radical Islam,” he said. Jasser invited listeners to consult the resources at the American Islamic Forum for Democracy website and the larger umbrella Muslim Reform Movement that stretches across Europe and Canada.  “Unfortunately, the identity Left, and the Islamists who are what I call ‘’ have been dominating the conversation, and they’re just apoplectic right now because they’ve lost control,” he said. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
16457,Erdogan Consolidates His Power,"thomas koch / Shutterstock.com 
Turkey is restless. President Erdogan is consolidating his power, trying to get rid of Parliament’s bothersome interference. He intends to reformat Turkey into a presidential republic, assuming the powers of an American president. He wants to be a Caliph, the people in Istanbul jest, and call him “Sultan Erdogan”. And the failed July coup has been used as the pretext for a huge purge in the power structure. However, the result may be better than many observers expect. 
That much I learned during my visit to Turkey, where I was given an opportunity to meet Turkish members of parliament, ministers and chief editors of the major mass media. I expected the failed coup belongs to history, but I was mistaken. 
Its shadow lays heavily on everyday events in the country. I was shown the debris in the parliament, where a bomb dropped by the putschists fell; there is a photo exhibition showing previous successful military coups with a horrible picture of President Menderes on the gallows. The Turkish coups weren’t vegetarian. The army intented to keep power for itself and for its NATO allies. 
The July coup caused death of 240 people, half of them killed at the Bosporus bridge in a confrontation with the army. It is not much compared with the successful coup in Egypt, where the victims were counted in the thousands; and where the army defeated the legitimately elected moderate-Islamist President Morsi. 
After the coup, Erdogan began the purge of Gulenists, or Fethullists, as they call the followers of Fethullah Gülen, the father of moderate Turkish political Islam and the creator of the vast school network reaching 160 countries. They were supposed to be the initiators of the coup. It is not really clear whether Gülen and his followers were behind the coup, but they are definitely enemies of Erdogan. 
The purge is not bloody but painful: the purged Gulenists aren’t shot, but they lose their jobs and often land in jail. Some seventy or eighty thousand men have been purged, 35,000 are imprisoned. They are judges, army officers, officials and many teachers. 500 persons have been purged from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, some of them refusing to return home when called back. The state of emergency had been declared right after the coup and it was extended a few days ago for an additional three months. 
Such emergency justice is notoriously blind: one judge died three months before the coup, but he still was purged for his participation in the coup. Some companies belonging to Gulenists had their assets confiscated, while their obligations and debts remained with their dispossessed owners. It is difficult to defend oneself against such moot accusations as Gulenism. 
The Turks answer with a salubrious joke referring to ‘blind justice’: “A blind man screws whomever he can catch”. 
The government claims that the Gulenists formed a conspiratorial organisation called FETO, and described it as “a terrorist organisation.” They compare it to Daesh (ISIS), to the Medellin Cartel and (surprise!) to the Jesuits. 
However, it is hard to comprehend in what way the Gulenists were terrorists. The worst thing they are accused of is fraudulently obtaining examination tickets for the civil service and thus securing good positions for their followers. This is surely not cricket, but hardly an act of terror. 
How can one unmask a Gulenist? This is not an easy task, but there are a few cues to revealing a crypto-Gulenist. 
Users of the ByLock messenger system are suspicious. This amateur messenger had been popular with Gülen followers and with some people implicated in the coup. One hundred fifty thousand users of ByLock are being screened. This messenger system had been hacked by the state security services some time ago, for it was very light on security. Afterwards, the plotters switched to the professional WhatsApp messenger. That one offered good security, but it was enough to seize a smartphone of one plotter to gain access to the rest. 
Another way to unmask a crypto-Gulenist is to locate the one dollar bill a follower of Gülen received from his guru. I was told by a member of parliament that a true Gulenist often sews his one dollar bill into his underwear, close to his skin. 
This idea has been pioneered by Lubawitscher Rebbe of the Chabad Hassids. The late Menachem Mendel Schneersohn also gave away dollar bills and even blessed vodka for his Hassids’ consumption. He conversed with God, and so did Gülen – according to his followers and adversaries. Hassids also tried to obtain influence, with considerable success – but they were never called “terrorists.” 
Gülen had been, and remains a very powerful figure in the Turkic-speaking world, especially in the ex-USSR and China, from Tatarstan and Yakutia to Sinkiang (Xinjiang). Youths from Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan studied in his schools as well. The Gülen movement had been considered the leading moderate pro-Western branch of political Islam. Practically all modern Islamists of Turkey passed through his schools. He was the most important ally of Erdogan in his uphill fight against the violently secular Kemalists who ruled Turkey until 2002. 
It is being said that the Kemalists were quite pro-American, but they refused to privatise public assets. Erdogan and Gülen were equally pro-American, and they accepted the idea of massive privatisation and sale of assets to American and other Western companies. Much of Turkish wealth is now in the foreign hands, and this is what inhibits Erdogan’s U-turn towards Russia. 
While Erdogan and Gülen were friends and partners, Gülen helped Erdogan cut the secular and all-powerful army generals down to size. His followers, well established in the legal branch of government, organised the Ergenikon affair. They had claimed to have discovered a vast ultra-nationalist terrorist conspiracy called Ergenikon and sent 43 generals and many politicians to jail. Erdogan was amazed by this feat of Gülen, amazed and frightened, as this old man from Pennsylvania apparently controlled the legal system of the Republic from police to attorneys to courts. ORDER IT NOW 
Indeed Erdogan had good reason to be afraid. In 2013, Gülen demanded that Erdogan let him fill one hundred seats in the Parliament, and when he was refused, he unleashed his legal machine upon his old buddy. In December 2013 Gülen followers in the police and the attorney general office accused the Erdogan government ministers of corruption. Among the accused there was Bilal, Erdogan’s son, and personal friends of Erdogan. 
Instead of trying to refute the accusations and argue the cases in courts, Erdogan described the accusations as “an attempted coup.” He went to people, traveled the country, appealed to the masses, and the masses supported him. He forced the police and the courts to close the cases, and began his de-Gulenisation of Turkey. 
For people brought up with the concept of Supremacy of Law, this feels like a travesty of the normal order of things. However, the Law is not better than the Legislative or the Executive, it is less democratic, it is less connected to an ordinary citizen, it is more connected to the real power of money. In the US, there is no Gülen or Gulenists, but the judges beginning in the Supreme Court can disregard the people’s will as we observed when they pushed for same-sex marriages or for the right of corporations to buy candidates. They are the Deep State, so their uprooting is not bad an idea. 
Yes, we want justice, but we want democracy, too. Once, the US judges were all elected, all connected to the people, but not anymore. In Turkey, Gülen had been too successful in promoting his people to legal positions; he had lost the people’s support. And the Turks were ready to forgive Erdogan even some very real corruption: they felt he cared for the people, while Gülen and his followersdid not. For the legal system, corruption is a crime, and a corrupt politician must go to jail. If a politician is not corrupt, he can be sentenced for an indecent proposal to a woman. Thus the legal system has the power to block any politician, to override the political democratic process. Erdogan succeeded in overriding the legal system. 
After his victory in December 2013, Erdogan accused Gülen and his followers of having created Ergenekon affair and arresting many innocent people. Generals and politicians regained freedom. 
In Ankara, I’ve met a leader of the Republican Kemalist parliamentary faction, Mustafa Ali Balbai. This handsome, wiry, muscular European-looking (as many Turks do) man did five years in jail for his alleged involvement in Ergenekon conspiracy. He was elected to parliament while still a prisoner, and lately had been freed. “Now the judges who sentenced me are in jail themselves”, he said cheerfully. 
Did the Ergenekon plot exist at all? I asked the chief editor of CNN Turk, a powerful network, that played the key role in neutralisation of the July coup. “There was a core of a plot, a tiny core, and it was blown into a monster that it never was”, he said. In other words, there was a conspiracy, but a conspiracy of judges and of security services, the most frequent sort of conspiracy. 
As for present purges of alleged Gulenists, one number tells a lot about its extent. The Ankara police had received forty thousand tips denouncing various Gulenists, I was told on my arrival to the capital of Turkey. Wives denounce unfaithful husbands, landlords denounce tenants who are in arrears. It became a universal accusation; naturally the police are not arresting everybody, but a lot of people have been called in for investigation. This campaign reminds of McCarthy’s campaign in the US, or the campaign against Trotskyites in the USSR of 1930s. 
For some people, the purge is not consistent enough. An editor of a small newspaper, let’s call him Mehmet, told me: “If they were to purge all followers of Gülen, they would have no party and no Parliament faction. All the party bosses and all ministers passed through Gülen’s network. They purge only small people, the big ones escape the purge.” 
However, there is no doubt, Erdogan takes the purge very seriously, as he did the Ergenekon conspiracy purge five years ago. He does not want to have Gülen standing behind his back ready to plunge a dagger in, and he prefers to completely remove completely that network, extensive as it was. Erdogan says that the July coup was the second, while the previous one was the attempt to use police and court in December 2013 against him and his family. 
Turkey’s relations with Russia and with the US are directly connected with the story of the two coups. I visited Turkey right after Putin’s October 2016 visit, when the two leaders agreed to proceed with the very important gas pipeline, and completed the last, or the most recent stretch of their zigzagging relations. 
The Erdogan-Putin friendship suffered an unexpectedly strong setback in November 2015, when a Russian SU-24 jet was downed by an air-to-air missile fired by a Turkish jet over Syria. Relations were severed, Russian tourists ceased to arrive, Turkish vegetables lost their Russian market, oil and gas projects were shelved. 
In June 2016, there was another zigzag. Erdogan sent his apologies, and the relations turned better before the July coup. Possibly this step of Erdogan actually triggered the attempted coup. After the coup, it was roses all the way. In August, Erdogan visited Russia and met with Putin. This was his first trip abroad after the coup. And now, in October, Putin came to Istanbul and signaled that their relations were as cordial as ever. Even the gas pipeline project was signed, putting paid to the only leverage Kiev had on Moscow. ORDER IT NOW 
The Gulenists were useful here, as well: the downing of the SU-24 has been attributed to them, though previously Ahmet Davutoglu, the Prime Minister, claimed he ordered it. On the other hand, Davutoglu was close to Gülen and even visited him in 2013, but then, Gülen was still a persona grata in Turkey. It was alleged Davutoglu was being groomed to assume power in case of the coup’s success. 
So why did Turkey turn to Russia and away from the US, its old senior partner? Mehmet, the editor, ascribes this move to Erdogan’s well-developed self-preservation instinct. 
It appears that the American administration decided to ditch the unruly Erdogan some time ago, and install Gülen’s man Ahmet Davutoglu in his stead. A leading American neocon expert on Turkey, Michael Rubin, had demanded Erdogan’s head for quite a while. In March 2016 he called for a coup, in August 2016 he said Erdogan should blame himself for the coup, and now in October he predicted , or rather called for another coup. 
The new putsch is expected on November 10 or thereabout, and it will begin with Erdogan’s assassination, it being said. Erdogan considers his partnership with Russia and friendship with Putin give him his only chance to survive politically. 
The Americans are upset by Erdogan’s attitude to the Syrian Kurds. The Turkish president cares about preserving Turkey, the rump state of the vast Ottoman empire intact, while the Americans prefer to dismantle Turkey altogether, and create a Great Kurdistan from the mainly Kurd-populated areas of Turkey, Iraq and Syria. 
The Americans would like the Syrian Kurds to unite their enclaves, but Erdogan does not agree and actually stopped their offensive. 
Now the battle for Mosul is a new point of disagreement. Turkey, says Erdogan, has certain rights on Mosul. The city and its area had been illegally seized by the British, the Turks say. Mustafa Kemal Ataturk tentatively agreed with Mosul being given to Iraq only in 1926, well after the Treaty of Lausanne (1923). And now Erdogan objects to Mosul being taken from the Daesh and transferred to the Kurds. The people of Mosul are also far from happy about the perspective of passing to Kurds or to the predominantly Shia government in Baghdad. 
In the struggle for Mosul and for Aleppo, in the battles between Kurdish enclaves in Syria, Erdogan goes against the will of the US. The problem is that there aren’t many important Turkish leaders who are ready to stand up to Washington. The Kemalist opposition and the Gulenist forces prefer to accept the American line, more or less. 
If Erdogan loses in a power struggle, Turkey may collapse into a civil war: between Turks and Kurds, between various Muslim movements and Kemalists. This was the purpose of the July coup, I was told by Ali Mustafa Balbai, the Republican MP. 
It is not an easy time, for sure. The Turkish lira went south. The agenda has been changed: once, Taksim square demonstrated against Erdogan, now they demonstrate against the overwhelming presence of Syrian and Iraqi refugees. Not only the European Right: Turkey also feels there are too many refugees. They are afraid the battle for Mosul will force the two millions inhabitants of that city into Turkey. 
And the demonstrators are different. It is ordinary people who demonstrate against the influx of Syrians, while the educated and Westernised Turks demonstrated against Erdogan. The latter are quite unhappy and discuss whether they have a future in Turkey. The political class is unhappy, too. They do not cherish the authoritarian rule of Sultan Erdogan. Gulenists are extremely displeased. The generals are still reassessing their positions after so many purges. And the long-standing dispute between the secular and religious populations goes on unabated. 
While the US has a definite idea which way should Turkey should go, its competitor, Russia, just does not care about Turkish internal politics. Or about anybody’s else internal politics. The Americans under Obama, and presumably even more under Clinton are likely to interfere; to impose their rules from swimming suits to same-sex marriages. The Russians do not interfere. 
This is their tradition since the times immemorial. They did not interfere into private life of Uzbeks and Tajiks, and Chechens, and Finns, and Poles. That’s why inside Russia one can find areas ruled by Muslim law, by Buddhist tradition and even by sheer polytheist custom. 
For the Russians, Erdogan is a valuable partner, and they let him – and other Turks – decide whether they should have a parliamentary or a presidential republic and whether girls should go in a scarf or without. You may be sure the Russians will not teach them what to do in their private life. This is a big advantage of having the Russians for allies. 
We shall see whether having such good allies is enough in order to survive. Much is hanging upon the US elections: Erdogan was furious when Ms. Clinton referred to Kurd ambitions. But then, the whole world waits for the decision of the American people. 
Israel Shamir can be reached at ORDER IT NOW",0
16458,"You Say ‘Anguria,’ I Say ‘Cocomero’: Italy’s Many Dialects - The New York Times","Say you’re shopping at a farmer’s market in Rome, and you’d like to pick up some nice, ripe watermelon. The signs at some stands call it “anguria” others say “cocomero” or “melone d’acqua. ” Why so many different words for the same fruit? Because in their daily lives, many Italians don’t speak Italian. That is, they don’t shop or chat or argue in standard Italian, the kind that is studied in school and heard on the news. They use one of the country’s hundreds of local dialects, each with its own quirks of pronunciation, inflection and vocabulary. “You call it watermelon in New York, and that would be ‘anguria’ in Italian,” said Tino Mattiussi, a   owner of a fruit and vegetable stand in the colorful Campo de’ Fiori market in central Rome. “But here, everyone knows it as ‘cocomero,’ so I wrote what people understand better. ” A few stands away, Mauro Ranucci had a different approach. “We advertise it as ‘anguria,’ as that is Italian,” he said firmly. “At least, that’s how people call it in the north. ” When a southerner once asked him for a “melone d’acqua,” Mr. Ranucci said, it took him a minute to realize what he meant. “We all speak Italian with strong regional connotations, even if the discrepancies are minor,” said Giovanni Ronco, vice director of the Italian Linguistic Atlas. “No other country has so many linguistic differences in such a limited space. ” For centuries, Italy was a fragmented patchwork of thousands of small, insular communities. When the country unified in 1861, 90 percent of the population was illiterate and spoke only the local tongue. They are called Italian dialects, Mr. Ronco said, but many of these tongues are really separate languages, descended directly from Latin. That helps account for the many names for familiar things, even within a single region. An anchovy is an “alice” in some parts of southern Italy, for example, but an “acciuga” in others. Neighboring dialects may be similar, but people from opposite ends of Italy  —   say, Sicily and Lombardy  —   might struggle to understand what the other said. Only in the 1950s, when televisions began to appear in bars and homes, did many ordinary Italians around the country start to hear the same standard language being spoken it’s based on the Florentine dialect, which was used in the former royal courts and in many great works of literature. Now, most people know standard Italian as well as their local dialect  —   which sometimes necessitates thinking twice about what to call a fruit. “It’s not a big problem, after all,” Mr. Ranucci said as he offered a customer a yellow and dark red peach. “If we don’t understand each other, we just gesticulate. ”",0
16459,"Donald Trump Clung to ‘Birther’ Lie for Years, and Still Isn’t Apologetic - The New York Times","It was not true in 2011, when Donald J. Trump mischievously began to question President Obama’s birthplace aloud in television interviews. “I’m starting to think that he was not born here,” he said at the time. It was not true in 2012, when he took to Twitter to declare that “an ‘extremely credible source’” had called his office to inform him that Mr. Obama’s birth certificate was “a fraud. ” It was not true in 2014, when Mr. Trump invited hackers to “please hack Obama’s college records (destroyed?) and check ‘place of birth. ’” It was never true, any of it. Mr. Obama’s citizenship was never in question. No credible evidence ever suggested otherwise. Yet it took Mr. Trump five years of dodging, winking and joking to surrender to reality, finally, on Friday, after a remarkable campaign of relentless deception that tried to undermine the legitimacy of the nation’s first black president. In fact, it took Mr. Trump much longer than that: Mr. Obama released his   birth certificate from the Hawaii Department of Health in 2008. Most of the world moved on. But not Mr. Trump. He nurtured the conspiracy like a poisonous flower, watering and feeding it with an ardor that still baffles and embarrasses many around him. Mr. Trump called up   sowers of the same corrosive rumor, asking them for advice on how to take a falsehood and make it mainstream in 2011, as he weighed his own run for the White House. “What can we do to get to the bottom of this?” Mr. Trump asked Joseph Farah, an author who has long labored on the fringes of political life. “What can we do to turn the tide?” What he could do  —   and what he did do  —   was talk about it, uninhibitedly, on social media, where dark rumors flourish in   bursts and, inevitably, find a home with those who have no need for facts and whose suspicions can never be allayed. And he mused about it on television, where bright lights and sparse editing ensure that millions can hear falsehoods unchallenged by  . “Why doesn’t he show his birth certificate?” Mr. Trump asked on ABC’s “The View. ” “I want to see his birth certificate,” he told Fox News’s “On the Record. ” And so it went. The essential question  —   Why promote a lie?  —   may be unanswerable. Was it sport? Was it his lifelong quest to court media attention? Was it racism? Was it the cynical start of his eventual campaign for president? It might not matter. He kept doing it, even as his most senior aides assured the public that he had long since abandoned the fallacy. He had not. He was disingenuous until the very end, telling a Washington Post reporter just 72 hours before that he was unready to concede the president’s place of birth. But he treated the weighty topic, as he does so much else, like a television cliffhanger, promising a major declaration on Friday. And then, around 11 a. m. Friday in Washington, he gave up the lie. But he conjured up a bizarre new deception, congratulating himself for putting to rest the doubts about Mr. Obama that he had fanned since 2011. “I finished it,’’ he declared, unapologetically. “President Obama was born in the United States  —   period. ’’ Surrounded by, and in many ways shielded by, decorated veterans in his new Washington hotel, he could not resist indulging in another falsehood  —   that his opponent, Hillary Clinton, had started the   birther movement. She did not. Much has been made of Mr. Trump’s casual elasticity with the truth he has exhausted an army of   with his mischaracterizations, exaggerations and fabrications. But this lie was different from the start, an insidious, calculated calumny that sought to undo the embrace of an   president by the 69 million voters who elected him in 2008. In the end, it seemed, Mr. Trump’s plot to diminish Mr. Obama did not succeed. On Friday, the president of the United States seemed much bigger. “I was pretty confident about where I was born,” Mr. Obama said from the White House, a wry smile crossing his face. “I think most people were as well. ’’ And the president had this to say about the myth heedlessly spread by the man seeking to replace him: “My hope would be that the presidential election reflects more serious issues than that. ”",0
16460,"Orlando Gunman Attacks Gay Nightclub, Leaving 50 Dead - The New York Times","ORLANDO, Fla.  —   A man who called 911 to proclaim allegiance to the Islamic State terrorist group, and who had been investigated in the past for possible terrorist ties, stormed a gay nightclub here Sunday morning, wielding an assault rifle and a pistol, and carried out the worst mass shooting in United States history, leaving 50 people dead and 53 wounded. The attacker, identified by law enforcement officials as Omar Mateen, a    who was born in New York, turned what had been a celebratory night of dancing to salsa and merengue music at the crowded Pulse nightclub into a panicked scene of unimaginable slaughter, the floors slicked with blood, the dead and the injured piled atop one another. Terrified people poured onto the darkened streets of the surrounding neighborhood, some carried wounded victims to safety, and police vehicles were pressed into service as makeshift ambulances to rush people to hospitals. Joel Figueroa and his friends “were dancing by the   area when I heard shots, bam, bam, bam,” he said, adding, “Everybody was screaming and running toward the front door. ” Pulse, which calls itself “Orlando’s Latin Hotspot,” was holding its weekly “Upscale Latin Saturdays” party. The shooting began around 2 a. m. and some patrons thought at first that the booming reports they heard were firecrackers or part of the loud, thumping dance music. Some people who were trapped inside hid where they could, calling 911 or posting messages to social media, pleading for help. The club posted a stark message on its Facebook page: “Everyone get out of pulse and keep running. ” Hundreds of people gathered in the glare of flashing red lights on the fringes of the law enforcement cordon around the nightclub, and later at area hospitals, hoping desperately for some word on the fates of their relatives and friends. More than 12 hours after the attack, anguished relatives paced between Orlando Regional Medical Center and a nearby hotel as they waited for word. They were told that so many were gunned down that victims would be tagged as anonymous until the hospital was able to identify them. “We are here suffering, knowing nothing,” said Baron Serrano, whose brother, Juan Rivera, 36, had been celebrating a friend’s birthday with his husband and was now unaccounted for. “I cannot understand why they can’t tell me anything because my brother is a very   person here in Orlando. He is a hairstylist, and everybody knows him. ” A tally of victims whose relatives had been notified began slowly building on a city website by 6 p. m. it had six names. Among them was Juan Ramon Guerrero, a    man of Dominican descent who had gone to the club with his boyfriend, Christopher Leinonen, who goes by the name Drew, because they wanted to listen to salsa. A friend, Brandon Wolf, watched people carry Mr. Guerrero outside, his body riddled with gunshot wounds. But no one knew what had become of Mr. Leinonen. His mother, Christine, anxious because of health problems, had woken at 3 a. m. to news of the shooting, and learned from Mr. Wolf that her son had been inside. A   standoff followed the initial assault, with people inside effectively held hostage until around 5 a. m. when law enforcement officials led by a SWAT team raided the club, using an armored vehicle and explosives designed to disorient and distract. Over a dozen police officers and sheriff’s deputies engaged in a shootout with Mr. Mateen, leaving him dead and an officer wounded, his life saved by a Kevlar helmet that deflected a bullet. At least 30 people inside were rescued, and even the hardened police veterans who took the building and combed through it, aiding the living and identifying the dead, were shaken by what they saw, said John Mina, the Orlando police chief. “Just to look into the eyes of our officers told the whole story,” he said. It was the worst act of terrorism on American soil since Sept. 11, 2001, and the deadliest attack on a gay target in the nation’s history, though officials said it was not clear whether some victims had been accidentally shot by law enforcement officers. The toll of 50 dead is larger than the number of murders in Orlando over the previous three years. Of an estimated 320 people in the club, nearly   were shot. The casualties far exceeded those in the 2007 shooting at Virginia Tech, where 32 people were killed, and the 2012 shooting at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn. where 26 people died. “In the face of hate and violence, we will love one another,” President Obama said in a special address from the White House. “We will not give in to fear or turn against each other. Instead, we will stand united as Americans to protect our people and defend our nation, and to take action against those who threaten us. ” As he had done after several previous mass shootings, the president said the shooting demonstrated the need for what he called “ ” gun measures. “This massacre is therefore a further reminder of how easy it is for someone to get their hands on a weapon that lets them shoot people in a school or a house of worship or a movie theater or a nightclub,” Mr. Obama said. “We have to decide if that’s the kind of country we want to be. To actively do nothing is a decision as well. ” The shooting quickly made its way into the presidential campaign. Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, who has accused Mr. Obama of weakness on radical Islam and has called for barring Muslim immigrants, suggested on Twitter that the president should resign. “Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism,” he wrote. “I don’t want congrats, I want toughness  vigilance. We must be smart!” Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, released a statement saying: “We need to redouble our efforts to defend our country from threats at home and abroad. That means defeating international terror groups, working with allies and partners to go after them wherever they are, countering their attempts to recruit people here and everywhere, and hardening our defenses at home. ” Fears of violence led to heightened security at lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender events and gathering places around the country. Law enforcement officials in Santa Monica, Calif. confirmed the arrest on Sunday of a heavily armed man who said he was in the area for West Hollywood’s gay pride parade. The authorities, however, said they did not know of any connection between the California arrest and the Orlando shooting. The F. B. I. investigated Mr. Mateen in 2013 when he made comments to   suggesting he had terrorist ties, and again the next year, for possible connections to Moner Mohammad Abusalha, an American who became a suicide bomber in Syria, said Ronald Hopper, an assistant agent in charge of the bureau’s Tampa Division. But each time, the F. B. I. found no solid evidence that Mr. Mateen had any real connection to terrorism or had broken any laws. Still, he is believed to be on at least one watch list. Mr. Mateen, who lived in Fort Pierce, Fla. was able to continue working as a security guard with the security firm G4S, where he had worked since 2007, and he was able to buy guns. The federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said Mr. Mateen had legally bought a long gun and a pistol in the past week or two, though it was not clear whether those were the weapons used in the assault, which officials described as a handgun and an   type of assault rifle. A former   Daniel Gilroy, said Mr. Mateen had talked often about killing people and had voiced hatred of gays, blacks, women and Jews. Around the time of the massacre, Mr. Mateen called 911 and declared his allegiance to the Islamic State, the brutal group that has taken over parts of Syria, Iraq and Libya, Agent Hopper said. Other law enforcement officials said he called after beginning his assault. Hours later, the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, claimed responsibility in a statement released over an encrypted phone app used by the group. It stated that the attack “was carried out by an Islamic State fighter,” according to a transcript provided by the SITE Intelligence Group, which tracks jihadist propaganda. But officials cautioned that even if Mr. Mateen, who court records show was briefly married and then divorced, was inspired by the group, there was no indication that it had trained or instructed him, or had any direct connection with him. Some other terrorist attackers have been “” including the pair who killed 14 people in December in San Bernardino, Calif. who also proclaimed allegiance to the Islamic State, but apparently had no contact with the group. The Islamic State has encouraged “lone wolf” attacks in the West, a point reinforced recently by a group spokesman, Abu Muhammad   in his annual speech just before the holy month of Ramadan. In past years, the Islamic State and Al Qaeda ramped up attacks during Ramadan. American Muslim groups condemned the shooting. “The Muslim community joins our fellow Americans in repudiating anyone or any group that would claim to justify or excuse such an appalling act of violence,” said Rasha Mubarak, the Orlando regional coordinator of the Council on   Relations.",0
16461,Do We Need to Give Up Alcohol to Lose Weight? Not Necessarily - The New York Times,"People trying to lose weight  —   or not gain weight  —   are frequently advised to “lay off the booze. ” Although organizations like Weight Watchers offer ways to drink wisely within their plans, alcohol, with seven calories a gram and no compensating nutrients, is commonly thought to derail most efforts at weight control. After the winter holidays, I often hear people blame alcohol for added pounds, not just from its caloric contribution but also because it can undermine   and stimulate the appetite and desire for fattening foods. Yet you probably know people who routinely drink wine with dinner, or a cocktail before it, and never put on an unwanted pound. Given that moderate drinkers tend to live longer than teetotalers, I’d love a glass of wine or a beer with dinner if I could do so without gaining, so I looked into what science has to say about alcohol’s influence on weight. Despite thousands of studies spanning decades, I discovered that alcohol remains one of the most controversial and confusing topics for people concerned about controlling their weight. I plowed through more than two dozen research reports, many with conflicting findings on the relationship between alcohol and weight, and finally found a thorough review of the science that can help people determine whether drinking might be compatible with effective weight management. The review, published in 2015 in Current Obesity Reports, was prepared by Gregory Traversy and   Chaput of the Healthy Active Living and Obesity Research Group at the Children’s Hospital of Eastern Ontario Research Institute in Ottawa, Ontario. The reviewers first examined     studies, studies that assessed links between alcohol intake and body mass index among large groups of people at a given moment in time. The most common finding was that, in men on average, drinking was “not associated” with weight, whereas among women, drinking either did not affect weight or was actually associated with a lower body weight than among nondrinkers. Their summary of the findings: Most such studies showed that “frequent light to moderate alcohol intake”  —   at most two drinks a day for men, one for women  —   “does not seem to be associated with obesity risk. ” However, binge drinking (consuming five or more drinks on an occasion) and heavy drinking (more than four drinks in a day for men, or more than three for women) were linked to an increased risk of obesity and an expanding waistline. And in a departure from most of the other findings, some of the research indicated that for adolescents and (alas) older adults, alcohol in any amount may “promote overweight and a higher body fat percentage. ” Prospective studies, which are generally considered to be more rigorous than   studies and which follow groups of people over time, in this case from several months to 20 years, had varied results and produced “no clear picture” of the relationship between alcohol and weight. Several found either no relationship or a negative relationship, at least in women, while others found that men who drank tended to risk becoming obese, especially if they were beer drinkers. The conclusion from the most recent such studies: While heavy drinkers risked gaining weight, “light to moderate alcohol intake is not associated with weight gain or changes in waist circumference. ” The studies Dr. Chaput ranked as “most reliable” and “providing the strongest evidence” were controlled experiments in which people were randomly assigned to consume given amounts of alcohol under monitored conditions. One such study found that drinking two glasses of red wine with dinner daily for six weeks did not result in weight gain or a greater percentage of body fat in 14 men, when compared with the same diet and exercise regimen without alcohol. A similar study among 20 overweight, sedentary women found no meaningful change in weight after 10 weeks of consuming a glass of wine five times a week. However, the experimental studies were small and the “intervention periods” were short. Dr. Chaput noted that even a very small weight gain over the course of 10 weeks can add up to a lot of extra pounds in five years unless there is a compensating reduction in food intake or increase in physical activity. Unlike protein, fats and carbohydrates, alcohol is a toxic substance that is not stored in the body. Alcohol calories are used for fuel, thus decreasing the body’s use of other sources of calories. That means people who drink must eat less or exercise more to maintain their weight. Dr. Chaput said he is able to keep from gaining weight and body fat despite consuming “about 15 drinks a week” by eating a healthy diet, exercising daily and monitoring his weight regularly. Big differences in drinking patterns between men and women influence the findings of alcohol’s effects on weight, he said. “Men are more likely to binge drink and to drink beer and spirits, whereas women mostly drink wine and are more likely than men to compensate for extra calories consumed as alcohol. ” Genetics are also a factor, Dr. Chaput said, suggesting that alcohol can be more of a problem among people genetically prone to excessive weight gain. “People who are overweight to begin with are more likely to gain weight if they increase their alcohol intake,” he said. Furthermore, as I and countless others have found, alcohol has a “disinhibiting” effect and can stimulate people to eat more when food is readily available. “The extra calories taken in with alcohol are stored as fat,” he reminded drinkers. Here’s the bottom line: Everyone is different. The studies cited above average the results among groups of people and thus gloss over individual differences. Even when two people start out weighing the same and eat, drink and exercise the same amount, adding alcohol to the mix can have different consequences. The critical ingredient is  : weighing yourself regularly, even daily, at the same time of day and under the same circumstances. If you’re a moderate drinker and find yourself gradually putting on weight, try cutting down on, or cutting out, alcohol for a few months to see if you lose, gain or stay the same. Or, if you’re holding off on drinking but gradually gaining weight and have no medical or personal reason to abstain from alcohol, you might try having a glass of wine on most days to see if your weight stabilizes or even drops slightly over the coming months. You might also consult a reliable source on the sometimes surprising differences in calorie content among similar alcoholic drinks. The Center for Science in the Public Interest recently published such a list, available at www. nutritionaction. com. Search for “Which alcoholic beverages have the most calories?” While you’ll find no difference in calories between white and red wines, depending on the brand, 12 ounces of beer can range from 55 to 320 calories.",0
16462,AMAC CEO: Obamacare Replacement Bill a ’Positive Step in Lowering the Cost of Health Care’,"Dan Weber, founder of the Association of Mature American Citizens (AMAC) talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday regarding his impressions of the current GOP Obamacare replacement bill. [Said Weber, “What I like about the bill is the positive step in lowering the cost of health care. ”  Weber also said he believes the bill will “bring the free market back into play with health care. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
16463,40+ Photos That Will Make You Question Your Relationship With Your Phone,"Posted on November 6, 2016 It seems the more 'connected' people become via technology, the more isolated they become in real life. Credit: Jean Jullien 
There is no shortage of artwork depicting the influence technology has had on people and their relationships. The main takeaway from all collections is that while technology is great for numerous reasons, it does have its downsides. Tools, such as the internet, might connect groups of like-minded people, but overused, it may also result in individuals cutting themselves off from real life and, in effect, feeling lonely and isolated. 
It’s this reality artist French illustrator Jean Jullien seeks to highlight with his witty illustrations. Best known for creating the “Peace for Paris” symbol which has become a worldwide sign of solidarity with France after the frightful attacks which took place earlier this year, the artist is also well-known for mocking peoples’ obsession with technology . 
One only need review the thought-provoking illustrations below to get a sense of what Jullien hopes to convey. While technology is great, nothing can beat genuine, face-to-face interaction with others. After all, life isn’t meant to be lived from behind a phone or a computer screen. #1 Weirdo On The Subway Credit: Jean Jullien",0
16464,"Review: ‘Groundhog Day,’ All Over Again, Now With Song and Dance - The New York Times","LONDON  —   Who knew that déjà vu could smell this fresh all over again? On paper, the happy new musical “Groundhog Day,” which opened on Tuesday night at the Old Vic Theater here, seemed like one of those shows that elicit instant groans of “been there, done that” among jaded theatergoers. For starters, “Groundhog Day” is based on a film about someone (a jaded someone, just like you, groaners of little faith) becoming caught in time and being forced to relive the same day over and over and over again. Which feels like dangerous ground for a musical that is the latest in a long,   sporadically successful line of musicals based on popular movies that hardly seemed to require song sheets to fulfill their inner nature. In other words, would audiences for “Groundhog Day” feel they were reliving their traumatic memories of recent    clunkers like “Rocky,” based on Sylvester Stallone’s 1976 flick about an underdog boxer, or “Ghost,” a reworking of the 1990 flick about an underdog dead man? More scary portents: “Groundhog Day” stars Andy Karl (who played the title role in the musical “Rocky”) and is directed by Matthew Warchus (who did the same, er, honors, on “Ghost”). Yet much in the manner of its improbable romantic “Twilight Zone”  style plot, “Groundhog Day” seems guaranteed to have the skeptics waving (and using) white handkerchiefs long before its final curtain, while transforming Mr. Karl into the     musical star he has long deserved to be. Featuring a creative team that includes the book writer Danny Rubin (who wrote the “Groundhog Day” screenplay with Harold Ramis) and the songwriter Tim Minchin (the fabulous “Matilda the Musical”) this bright whirligig of a show is a shrewd juggler of contradictions. It is cool (as in hip) and warm (as in cuddly) it is spiky and sentimental. And it transforms its perceived weaknesses into strengths in ways that should disarm even veteran  . You know that whole    element of the plot, wherein everything is repeated ad infinitum? Isn’t that what often drives you crazy about musicals, having to listen to the same damn melodies and watch the same dance steps over and over? Well, Mr. Warchus and company know all about those fears and make cunningly sadistic use of them. As we watch our hero, the professionally snarky weather reporter Phil Connors (Mr. Karl) having to   the same events, the claustrophobia is heightened by his being surrounded by a chorus forever moving and musicalizing in the same monotonously, relentlessly peppy styles. “Aargh!” you think. “Somebody please get me out of this musical, stat!” Except only a part of you feels that way, because Mr. Karl is doing the suffering for you, in a manner that makes you both root for his deliverance and hope he’s stuck forever in purgatory (partly because he deserves to be, but partly because he’s so entertaining in limbo). About Phil’s special quandary: It’s the same as it was in the 1993 movie, one of the most unlikely     to become a popular hit, which was directed by Mr. Ramis and starred Bill Murray as Phil. As in the film, Phil, a   weatherman, is sent on assignment to Punxsutawney, Pa. on Feb. 2 to witness the annual appearance of the town’s resident   groundhog. Phil feels nothing but contempt for the ritual, the town and everyone who celebrates it. He is to Groundhog Day what Scrooge is to Christmas but with a greater appetite for partying. Anyway, after a   of reliving and rearranging that single day, and behaving as badly (and as hilariously) as eternity allows, Phil starts to wax philosophical and stop and smell the snowflakes and  —   could it be?  —   even be ready to take a chance on love with one Rita Hansen (Carlyss Peer in the part created by Andie MacDowell) the   producer he initially dismissed as boring. “Aargh!” you think. “Somebody please get me out of this Hallmark card!” But for the most part, this production manages to balance the sweet and the sour to charming,   effect, starting with Rob Howell’s slightly askew   Americana set and costumes. As he demonstrated in his score (with Dennis Kelly) for “Matilda,” Mr. Minchin is an inspired mixmaster of darkness and brightness. Even this show’s early numbers, extolling the homespun virtues of   life with harmonic “aahs” and folksy bluegrass chords, have a depressive undertow. And when Mr. Minchin feels like signaling angst, he brings on the electric guitars and vocals for Mr. Karl that bring to mind Michael Stipe losing his religion. Mr. Karl imbues Phil with all shades of sarcasm and kindness and what falls in between with equal conviction. If in “Rocky,” he seemed to be channeling Sylvester Stallone (and what choice did he have?) here he is by no means merely imitating Mr. Murray, which would have been a disaster. Instead, he’s translating the essence of Mr. Murray’s lazy dryness into the   energy of musicals. He makes that transition so joyously and persuasively I did wonder what the show might be like without Mr. Karl. His supporting cast is all more than adequate, and they all sound convincingly American. But they lack the sort of vibrant individuality that Mr. Karl could use to make sparks with. This includes the attractive, willfully bland Ms. Peer as the   producer, who essentially functions as straight woman to Mr. Karl’s antic joker. Her character, Rita, has been given some emotionally expansive solos (and duets) that hint at a quirkier soul within, and I kept thinking about what a more idiosyncratic actress could have done with the part. (Remember what Annaleigh Ashford made of the patient factory girl in “Kinky Boots”?) More could be made, too, of the solos of other Punxsutawney citizens, who express their own fears of   treadmill lives. As it is, their numbers seem to float in at random (though I loved Phil’s   trio with two moronic barflies). Peter Darling’s choreography still feels oddly unfinished, and the big   sequence in the second act could definitely use sharpening and clarification. But even given those caveats, I grinned pretty much all the way through “Groundhog Day,” unexpectedly happy to be stuck with Phil in Punxsutawney (and please never make me spell that again).",0
16465,La Seguridad Social procurará enfermos públicos a las familias que carezcan de uno,"La Seguridad Social procurará enfermos públicos a las familias que carezcan de uno SANIDAD QUIERE ""BENEFICIAR A AQUELLAS FAMILIAS QUE NO TIENEN A NADIE DE QUIEN CUIDAR"" seguridad social 
La sanidad pública procurará un enfermo a aquellas familias españolas cuyos miembros gocen de plena salud. El objetivo es “combatir una situación desigual en la que algunas familias se hacen cargo de personas enfermas mientras que otras no disponen de ellas”, en palabras de la ministra Dolors Montserrat, que ha dado así el pistoletazo de salida a su gestión al frente de la cartera de Sanidad. 
En las próximas semanas, las familias que no cuenten con miembros afectados por una enfermedad que requiera hospitalización recibirán una carta con el nombre, el centro hospitalario y la habitación donde se encuentra el enfermo que les ha sido asignado por sorteo, así como los días y las horas de visita sugeridos. 
Aparte de ofrecer “recursos a las familias españolas que no tienen a nadie de quien cuidar”, los servicios de salud, según la ministra, “también saldrán ganando porque alguien se ocupará de todos esos pacientes que se acumulan en los pasillos de los hospitales”. De todos modos, según ha insistido Montserrat, el objetivo principal de la medida es “ayudar a los ciudadanos que no pueden disfrutar del placer que se experimenta cuidando de alguien necesitado”. 
Tras anunciarse este nuevo servicio, el gobierno de la Comunidad de Madrid, encabezado por Cristina Cifuentes, ha prometido estudiar la posibilidad de llevar a los enfermos públicos a las casas de las familias beneficiadas “para evitarles incómodos desplazamientos”.",0
16466,"NFL Rookie RB Leonard Fournette Buys Mom $110,000 Mercedes - Breitbart","May 4 (UPI)  —   Leonard Fournette didn’t win the Heisman Trophy but he might have won Mother’s Day. [He hasn’t officially reached terms on his rookie deal yet, but the Jacksonville Jaguars running back wasted no time in gifting his mother.  Fournette posted videos and photos on social media Thursday showing off his mom’s new prize: a white   AMG GLE 63 S SUV. The former LSU star told his mom, Lory Fournette, that the car is a Mother’s Day gift. The 2017 AMG GLE65 S starts at $110, 650, according to the   official website. Fournette, 22, is likely to see a contract similar to the one the Dallas Cowboys gave Ezekiel Elliott last year. Elliott was the No. 4 overall pick in the 2016 NFL Draft. He received a   $24. 9 million fully guaranteed deal last May. The deal also included a $16. 3 million signing bonus. Fournette was the No. 4 overall pick last Thursday and is expected to see a huge role in the offense this season. But the 2015 consensus   isn’t the only   draft pick in the giving mood. Former Clemson star quarterback Deshaun Watson gave his mom a 2017 Jaguar   35T last week. The Houston Texans traded up in the first round to snag Watson with the No. 12 overall pick.",0
16467,"Russian Report Warns: American Revolution Has Now Begun, May Last Entire Decade","
A sobering new Security Council ( SC ) analytical report on the US presidential election states that a new American Revolution has begun which today’s popular vote is just the beginning of; and that could fully last up to an entire decade, especially if this election is stolen from Donald Trump. [Note: Some words and/or phrases appearing in quotes in this report are English language approximations of Russian words/phrases having no exact counterpart.]
According to this report, Federation intelligence analysts in their “deciphering/uncovering” what the current US presidential election is really all about have heavily relied on “outliers” [a thing situated away or detached from the main body or system] such as artificial intelligence ( AI ) models, social media trends and psychological analysis of the American electorate.
This report notes that the Security Councils use of these “outliers” to both understand and explain what is occurring during this US presidential election provides the only proven scientific evidence of what is occurring as the so called polling data used by the American propaganda media has been proven to be nothing more than a manipulation device used to keep people from voting for or supporting the anti-establishment candidate Donald Trump.
Examples of this being true, this report explains, lie in too many examples to fully cite—but includes the once respected Monmouth University poll found manipulating data to favor Hillary Clinton , news networks NBC and CBS found manipulating polling data to show Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump when she was actually losing , and CNN manipulating their poll data to favor Hillary Clinton too .
Unlike manipulated polling data showing Hillary Clinton will win this election, however, this report continues, the objective and independent scientific “outliers” used by Security Council research analysts show not only Donald Trump winning—but winning in a landslide victory.
Evidence proving this assertion of a Donald Trump US presidential win, this report notes, lies first with artificial intelligence analysis—that includes the MogIA supercomputer showing Trump winning in landslide and showing he is more popular than President Obama , and a just released AI computer simulation showing Trump winning with 289 electoral votes compared to Clinton’s 249 .
Social media trend lines in this election, likewise, proves a Donald Trump landslide win in this election, this report continues, as his Facebook-Twitter-Instagram-YouTube “presence” dwarfs Hillary Clinton’s by a staggering 74 million —and that is further validated by the over 700,000 Americans who have come to his campaign rallies, as opposed to the barely 60,000 that have attended Hillary Clinton’s .
Most fascinating though of the “outliers” used in this Security Council report is the psychological analysis of the American electorate conducted by a virtually unknown US political project called “ We Need Smith ”—whose scientifically conducted studies shockingly proved that anyone from a liberal Democrat, to a conservative Republican was able to win the US presidency as long as they promised to destroy the corrupt political system currently ruling America .
The “We Need Smith” project, this report explains, is named after a popular US Great Depression era movie called Mr. Smith Goes To Washington about a newly appointed United States Senator who fights against a corrupt political system—and that during this present US presidential election only Donald Trump and US Senator Bernie Sanders fit the mold of.
Critical to note about the “We Need Smith” project too, this report continues, is that it was co-founded by the legendary American pollster Patrick Caddell —who almost singlehandedly was responsible for putting President Jimmy Carter in office in 1976, but also presided over Carter’s unprecedented defeat in 1980 at the hands of the US establishments most hated candidate Ronald Reagan.
Seeking to understand how President Carter could go from victory to defeat in just 4 years, this report details, Patrick Caddell spent the past nearly 4 decades examining it—and coming to the scientific conclusion that the conventional wisdom that America is absolutely divided into warring tribes is simply not true, they are all just tired of being lied to .
In fact, this report continues, Caddell’s research proved that the American political battleground is no longer over ideology but instead is all about insurgency—and with a staggering 84% of the American public believing that the elites live by a different set of rules and laws than ordinary people do , anyone running against them is assured victory.
Interestingly to note too, this report says, is Caddell’s scientific analyses showing that the hatred of the American people towards their elites comes from both the left and right —and as evidenced by the equal explosive political movements known as Occupy Wall Street and the Tea Party insurgencies .
This report grimly concludes, however, with a warning that Soviet Communist leader Joseph Stalin’s attributed statement—“ Those who cast the votes decide nothing. Those who count the votes decide everything. ”—may, indeed, be active in the present US presidential election after newly released secret documents revealed that Hillary Clinton’s main supporter, multi-billionaire George Soros, has not only been manipulating the entire American election system , but one of his companies is, also, providing vote county software to 16 States ( they’ve since denied )—and that should Donald Trump have this election stolen from him the people of that nation will most surely revolt.
Source 
",0
16468,"Republican Party, C.I.A., Syria: Your Thursday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. President Trump is marshaling the full power of his office to win support for the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. On Capitol Hill, the bill was approved by two House committees despite vociferous opposition from Democrats, health care providers and some conservatives. It goes to the Budget Committee next, before a final House vote that Speaker Paul Ryan, above, plans for the week of March 20. _____ 2. The administration is considering deep cuts to the Coast Guard, the Transportation Security Agency and the Federal Emergency Management Agency to fund its southern border security plan. The goal is to shift about $5 billion toward hiring agents for Customs and Border Protection and Immigration and Customs Enforcement, infrastructure and building a wall. The three agencies in question have played   roles in the Department of Homeland Security’s  . 11 security architecture. Some agency veterans were befuddled by the news. _____ 3. The new head of the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, said in a TV appearance that carbon dioxide was not a primary contributor to global warming. That statement is at odds with the global scientific consensus on climate change. His remarks come as the Trump administration prepares to roll back President Barack Obama’s two signature global warming policies: a pair of sweeping regulations intended to curb carbon dioxide emissions from vehicles and power plant smokestacks. _____ 4. The United States is sending an additional 400 troops to Syria to help prepare for the looming fight for Raqqa, the capital of the Islamic State’s   caliphate. The increase, which includes a team of Army Rangers and a Marine artillery unit that have already arrived in the country, appears to represent a   of the number of American troops in the country. _____ 5. The founder of WikiLeaks, Julian Assange, moved to seize the moment after his organization released a new trove of classified information about the C. I. A. ’s cyberweaponry. Speaking from the Ecuadorean Embassy in London, where he has sought refuge since 2012, Mr. Assange presented himself as a defender of some of the biggest American technology companies against their own government. The C. I. A. responded by saying that any spying it does is restricted by law to foreigners and foreign countries, and described Mr. Assange as “not exactly a bastion of truth and integrity. ” _____ 6. In a rare public disclosure, Fox News released a joint statement with a former contributor, Tamara Holder, about her report of sexual assault by a company executive. In late February, 21st Century Fox reached a settlement worth more than $2. 5 million with Ms. Holder, who said that she was assaulted at company headquarters two years ago. She said she struggled with whether to come forward with her claims. The company is still dealing with the fallout from the harassment scandal involving Roger Ailes. “I was told by agents and lawyers that if I opened up, I would forever be ‘toxic’ and my career would be over,” Ms. Holder said in an email. “I had to turn my fear into courage. ” _____ 7. And in Texas, sexual assault accusations piled up while Baylor University made football its top priority. The victims, furious alumni and the authorities are seeking answers. One lawsuit claims there were 52 rapes from 2011 to 2014  —   a period when the   football program became a dominant force in the Big 12 conference. Collectively, the cases have become a cautionary parable for   college athletics, one in which a Christian university seemed to lose sight of its core values in pursuit of football glory and protected gridiron heroes who preyed on women. _____ 8. We’re getting ready for St. Patrick’s Day, celebrated on March 17. So was Mr. Trump’s online store, which briefly stocked a $50 green “Make America Great Again” hat embroidered with a   clover. The designers may have been thinking of the   shamrock, often mistaken for a   clover. The latter is not a symbol of Ireland. The hats have now disappeared from the website. _____ 9. Here’s a new category of TV show: “pastoral porn. ” That’s how our writer described “Countryfile,” a wildly popular BBC documentary show that portrays the   lifestyle and grassy valleys of the English countryside. The “quintessentially British” program moves at a leisurely clip, and doesn’t shy away from difficult topics such as dementia or domestic abuse. “A lot of television may be made with ratings in mind,” one of the show’s directors said. “That may be where they are getting it wrong, as far as I am concerned. ” _____ 10. Finally, in 2017, identity is at the absolute center of our conversations about music. Here are 25 songs that show why. In the process, they show us where music is going. To celebrate the release of the Times Magazine Music Issue, we offer a curated playlist featuring Future, Kelela, Adele and more, with essays by Margo Jefferson, Wesley Morris, Angela Flournoy and others. Happy listening. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
16469,Powerful Earthquake in Italy Kills at Least 241 and Shatters Towns - The New York Times,"AMATRICE, Italy  —   A strong earthquake struck a mountainous stretch of central Italy early Wednesday, killing at least 241 people, trapping scores under debris and setting off tremors that awakened residents in Rome, nearly 100 miles to the southwest. The earthquake, which had a preliminary magnitude of 6. 2, struck at 3:36 a. m. about 6. 5 miles southeast of the town of Norcia in the Umbria region, followed by about 200 aftershocks over the next several hours, including a 5.  tremor at 4:33 a. m. The authorities said the quake was comparable in intensity to one in 2009  in the Abruzzo region of central Italy that killed more than 300 people. Towns in three regions  —   Umbria, Lazio and Marche  —   were devastated by the quake, which could be felt as far away as Bologna in the north and Naples in the south. As of Wednesday, the deaths appeared to be concentrated in four communities: at least 86 in the towns of Amatrice and Accumoli, in Lazio, and at least 32 in Marche, in the village of Arquata del Tronto and the hamlet of Pescara del Tronto. On Thursday, the Italian Civil Protection Department said 241 people were confirmed dead, and hundreds more injured. Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, speaking Wednesday from Rieti, a city in Lazio near the epicenter, likened the affected communities to “a family that has been hit but won’t stop. ” He vowed that the government would quickly start to rebuild, noting widespread anger over the long delays in rebuilding after the 2009 quake. “Reconstruction is what will allow this community to live and to restart,” he said. Immacolata Postiglione, the head of the emergency unit for the Civil Protection Department, said on Wednesday that more than 1, 000 people were expected to spend the night in four camps being set up in the area. She added that an unknown number of tourists had not been fully accounted for. “The number of missing people is undefined at the moment,” she said. The mayor of Amatrice, Sergio Pirozzi, said that “half the town no longer exists,” adding that rescue teams were digging through the rubble, “hoping that most people were alive. ” The historic center of the town, with buildings dating from the Middle Ages, was destroyed. “The problem is removing people from under the rubble,” he said. Asked how many people he thought were still trapped or dead underneath debris, he said, “Many, many. ” Mr. Pirozzi added that Amatrice had been cut off because of damage to roads and a bridge, and in a live television broadcast, he appealed for assistance. The town’s missing reportedly included two refugees from Afghanistan and three nuns and four older guests at a local boardinghouse. The town’s hospital had to be evacuated, but its patients were not injured, the news agency ANSA reported. The hamlet of Pescara del Tronto was all but destroyed. “When I arrived at the break of day, I saw a destroyed village, screams, death,” Bishop Giovanni D’Ercole of Ascoli Piceno, who visited the hamlet, told Vatican Radio. He said he had blessed “the bodies of two children buried under the rubble. ” Mr. Renzi, in brief remarks before he left Rome, thanked rescue workers and volunteers who had dug through debris, some with their bare hands, to reach trapped people, and said the nation had rallied to help. “No family, no city, no hamlet will be left alone,” he said. Expressions of solidarity and offers of help poured in from France, Germany, Israel and other countries, as well as from the European Commission. Ambulances raced back and forth on one of the main roads to Amatrice, where a courtyard in a   palazzo had been turned into an impromptu morgue. CNN showed footage of construction equipment’s being used to try to comb through giant pieces of debris in Amatrice and of rescuers standing on huge piles of rubble where homes once stood, evidence of the enormous scale of the rescue effort. “We need chain saws, shears to cut iron bars and jacks to remove beams,” a civil protection worker, Andrea Gentili, told The Associated Press. “Everything, we need everything. ” A video posted to YouTube by the State Forestry Corps showed a woman trapped under debris in the rural town of Capodacqua, as a man encouraged her to remain calm. Nonprofit agencies put out calls for blood donations. Massimo Cialente, the mayor of L’Aquila, the town near the epicenter of the 2009 Abruzzo earthquake, said that 250 temporary homes built after that disaster would be available for newly displaced people. Pope Francis skipped the catechism lesson during his Wednesday general audience and led pilgrims at St. Peter’s Square in praying for the victims, holding a rosary in his right hand. “I cannot fail to express my heartfelt sorrow and spiritual closeness to all those present in the zones afflicted,” he said in remarks released by the Vatican. “I also express my condolences to those who have lost loved ones, and my spiritual support to those who are anxious and afraid. Hearing the mayor of Amatrice say that the town no longer exists, and learning that there are children among the dead, I am deeply saddened. ” The earthquake was felt across a broad area pockmarked with dozens of small towns. Italian officials said it was difficult to gauge the number of casualties or the damage as the ground kept trembling through the night. Fabrizio Curcio, the director of the Civil Protection Department, said that the earthquake had been severe and that national emergency procedures had been activated. Mr. Curcio said mayors in the affected areas were monitoring the destruction. “They know the territory best,” he said. By early morning, rescue operations had been able to reach the most damaged towns, he said, adding, “We have to carry out an analysis of the territory and see if there are other places that have to be reached. ” On social media, there were many reports of friends or relatives’ being buried or trapped, and local residents said that the rescue effort was hindered by the fact that teams were having difficulty getting to the mountainous area, where most towns are reachable only along winding country roads. Facebook activated its safety check feature for the region, which allows users to mark themselves as safe and quickly alert friends and family after a crisis or a natural disaster. In Norcia, dozens of residents wrapped in blankets greeted the dawn in the town’s main square. “Much of our patrimony is damaged, but there are no victims,” Mayor Nicola Alemanno told RaiNews24. “That is the good news. ” The United States Geological Survey said the people in the region lived in structures that were a “mix of vulnerable and   construction. ”",0
16470,Chart Of The Day: Mind The Russell 2000—Epic Breakdown Underway,"Chart Of The Day: Mind The Russell 2000---Epic Breakdown Underway By David Stockman. Posted On Wednesday, October 26th, 2016 
David Stockman's Contra Corner is the only place where mainstream delusions and cant about the Warfare State, the Bailout State, Bubble Finance and Beltway Banditry are ripped, refuted and rebuked. Subscribe now to receive David Stockman’s latest posts by email each day as well as his model portfolio, Lee Adler’s Daily Data Dive and David’s personally curated insights and analysis from leading contrarian thinkers.",0
16471,"Skiing the Alps, Making It My Own - The New York Times","One more run. We had to take one more run from the Zehnerkar peak down the steep, snowy trails, beyond the black strings of chairlifts and all the way into the Austrian valley below, where the   gondola would gather us up like parishioners crowding into church and whisk us back to the top. My legs were tired and trembling a little, but my friends Christoph and Thomas were too excited about the packed powder, sunshine and empty trails in this corner of the Obertauern ski area to stop now. After that next run we would have earned the Alpine refreshments, the spiked   milk and the yeast dumpling drizzled in vanilla sauce. There were traditions to uphold, the Wiener schnitzel, the pear schnapps, but most of all the camaraderie that came with our yearly weekend trip to Austria. I know that sounds extravagant  —   “my annual trip to the Alps with my friends”  —   but they’re German, and I was living in Berlin when we started the tradition. Christoph and I would hop down on a short Air Berlin flight to Munich. Thomas would pick us up for the drive to neighboring Austria, where a lift ticket at Obertauern costs less than $50. On days with decent visibility, the mountains were already discernible in the distance. We would stop at a gas station for chips and candy bars, Haribo gummy bears and sodas as if we were on a school ski trip. To save money we slept three to a room and somehow I always ended up as the one on the pullout couch while the Germans shared the bed. Capturing that teenage feeling of friends joking and daring and not caring was basically the premise of the entire trip. We set aside one weekend a year without spouses or children or work responsibilities to risk   limbs on   slopes. The only other rule was a different resort every time, always a new adventure. We met an actual princess in a bar in Kitzbühel, and her stepsister asked me what kind of Lamborghini I drove (hint: none). Somewhere a grainy BlackBerry video supposedly exists where I am dancing  —   in ski boots  —   on a table at the Krazy Kanguruh slopeside bar in St. Anton am Arlberg (doesn’t quite sound like me). And in a pulsating nightclub in Ischgl full of German, Dutch and Austrian teenagers, we conceded our age and called it an early night (about time). We were rewarded for our judiciousness the next morning with an early start, first up the mountain and out onto the best untouched powder any of us had ever skied. Over and over again it comes back to that: the mountains all around you, some with elevations over 10, 000 feet, black and white crags as far as you can see in any direction. As Albrecht Dürer, inspired painter and traveler of the Alps, insisted, “Truly, art is embedded in nature he who can extract it, has it. ” There would always be that moment, coming off the highest lift for the first time, when some combination of dizziness from the altitude, the bracing wind and the stunning vista would hint at the sublime. My skiing roots are decidedly modest. Growing up in the Washington, D. C. area meant carving the nearby hillocks of Pennsylvania and Virginia with names like Liberty and Roundtop. We would rarely even stay overnight Dad would wake up my sister and me as early as possible, and we would pile into the brown Volkswagen Dasher station wagon, fortifying ourselves at the   with McMuffins and hash browns. At that age I had no idea that the mountains were tiny or the waits for the lift interminable. My frame of reference was summer trips to the amusement park, where you stood in line for 20 minutes for the brief thrill of a   ride. Skiing beat any roller coaster for me. I felt like the Italian slalom legend Alberto Tomba, despite the poor imitation my snowplow turns were of his muscular moves around each gate. I begged to stay longer every time and kept the lift ticket dangling from the zipper of my ski jacket all winter to remind myself of the fun I’d had. When I got a little older, there were   bus rides to Vermont with friends, watching VHS tapes of Warren Miller movies like “Steep and Deep” and “White Winter Heat,” filled with guitar solos and aerial tricks we would never pull off. The cramped journey earned you a spot on slopes of pure ice where subzero windchill gusts rearranged the tiny drifts, like a decorative dash of confectioners’ sugar on a dessert. But the mountains were much taller than those in the   and the runs were longer. The rush of those solitary slides down the mountain alternated with good talks with friends on the chairlift up again. A ski accident my senior year of high school sent me to the hospital, and other than one trip with my dad, I took a   hiatus from my favorite sport. When I moved to Germany as a correspondent for this paper and realized how tantalizingly close the Alps were, I made a deal with myself: One day a year, no matter what. But my promise became a reality only because my friends got onboard. I was the instigator, who began peppering the others with emails starting in October, hounding them until a date was chosen and reservations could be made. Thomas was the driver, leaning on his BMW in his   when we arrived, ready to beat the Friday rush hour traffic with an early start from Munich. Christoph was the navigator of the pistes his skills as an illustrator came in handy as we puzzled over the stylized blue, red and black slashes on the map, where, to my eternal confusion, you could somehow ski down something pointing upward. Each had his role, the key to assembling a team that travels well together time and again. This year, on our way to Obertauern, we drove past the Chiemsee, one of the placid Bavarian lakes you pass before you begin the climb into the mountains. The sky was blue with a few cumulus clouds scraping the peaks in the distance. We even saw a mountaintop castle, in case in my   state I momentarily thought we were headed for the Rockies or the Sierras. As usual, we raced to get there in time for a few runs in the afternoon. Saturday was our only full day of skiing, so getting the feel for our skis on Friday was essential. We dropped our bags at the Alpenhotel Perner, changing as quickly as we could into ski pants and jackets. The   moment at the rental shop arrived. Could they find the ridiculous   ski boots I needed? One year we had to go to three different stores before I could squeeze my feet into a pair and missed our Friday start. I watched anxiously as the staffers conferred, then checked the cobwebby back corners of their storage spaces before emerging, chuckling, with the single   pair of boots in the place. On the mountain, Thomas barreled   downhill, always skirting the edge of control. Christoph executed one meticulous turn after another, like an ice skater perfecting his figures, or the illustrator that he is, drawing curves on the mountainside with his skis. I alternated between following in his tracks and pointing my tips straight down and hurtling into Thomas’s wake. “At the beginning, I think, ‘Oh God, why am I doing this,’ but by the third or fourth round, I remember,” Christoph said on one of our lift rides. “This is redemption for being a bad skier as a kid,” he said, then paused for a moment to consider. “I was not a bad skier,” he corrected. “I was a terrible skier. ” The other reason you have to get in runs on Friday, as he pointed out, was that otherwise you felt like a fraud in cavernous après ski bars like the Lürzer Alm, which looks like a peaceful mountain lodge from the outside but transforms into a Brothers Grimm   club mixing traditional woodwork and disco balls, where everyone is wind burned and still wearing their gear from the mountain. I was mentally better prepared for the soaring mountains  —   “White Winter Heat” was partly set in the Alps, after all  —   than the party atmosphere. The World Cup Alpine ski racer Bode Miller nearly torpedoed his reputation in the United States with a comment on “60 Minutes” about skiing drunk. In Austria he had plenty of company. We once watched an entire police unit at the bottom of the mountain with Breathalyzers pulling people aside and writing ticket after ticket. After your last run, you plant your skis into the snow, leaving them in the neon forest of equipment outside the bar, and enter a  . The Latsch’n  Schirm in Obertauern looked like a circus tent, with the red and yellow striped roof. Immediately someone called for a round of pear schnapps with a chunk of pear speared on a plastic sword. The music is a beguilingly weird blend of oompah, disco, hair metal and techno, with songs about polar bears and red horses. When a hundred people clomp their heavy plastic ski boots at once you feel as if the floor is about to drop out from under you. We watched a grown man tear a teddy bear apart until the cottony stuffing blew across the bar while the members of a bachelorette party in snow pants, blue sashes and bunny ears danced together on the bar. It’s a party every time but one with a clear and blessedly early endpoint. With a few exceptions the hotels are all   including dinner as well as breakfast, so the bars clear out at a reasonable hour as everyone retreats to their hotel rooms for a shower and then down to their meal. The second night, chastened by the first night’s party, we cut the après ski short and had a restoring sauna at the Perner before dinner. My friend Julia, at her home resort of Ellmau in view of the jagged Wilder Kaiser range, taught me the basics of hearty mountain eating in Austria. You have your staples, like the aforementioned Wiener schnitzel and spaghetti Bolognese, pure fuel for the slopes. You have to drink an Almdudler, the Austrian herbal soft drink, a little reminiscent of cream soda, the name a reference to yodeling. There’s the rösti, a dish of shredded potato with a couple of eggs over easy, which hails from Switzerland. You will break Thomas’s heart if you don’t have kaiserschmarrn for dessert, an eggy pancake chopped up and topped with powdered sugar and served with fruit sauce or compote. Which leads us back to that yeast dumpling, better known in these parts as a germknödel. It looks a bit like a round lump of uncooked bread dough but is fluffy and delicious and hides a plum jam in the middle. Covered with vanilla sauce and sprinkled with   poppy seeds, it is a miniature mountain in a bowl. “One more run after this?” Christoph asked. I demurred. My legs were so tired and I was feeling comfortable in the   a large mountaintop hut decorated with old wooden poles and skis. Out the window I could see gusts of snow swirling around the cross set high on the peak. “He’s not up for it,” Thomas said. I took another sip of fortified chamois milk, thinking how those intrepid mountain goats wouldn’t turn in early. The day was receding and with it Christoph’s flight to Berlin approaching. Each year you had to wonder whether next year would really happen, if the tradition could hold up under the pressure of careers, of children, and with my move back to the States it frankly didn’t seem all that likely. Outside in the snow, we clicked our boots into the bindings and pushed toward the   wondering if this would be our last time down the mountain together. I remembered those day trips to Roundtop, pleading with my father to stay a little longer. “One more run?” “Maybe even two,” I said. And off we went.",0
16472,Jose Mourinho to motivate players for Arsenal match by punching them in the face,"Saturday 19 November 2016 by Neil Tollfree Jose Mourinho to motivate players for Arsenal match by punching them in the face 
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho is to take his confrontational style of management a stage further and prepare all his players for today’s crucial Arsenal match by punching them all squarely in the face. 
The news follows Mourinho’s criticism of Chris Smalling for not playing with a broken toe and Luke Shaw for having a broken leg and not being ‘brave.’ 
“My players are all total bastards,” said the grumpy Portuguese, either as some magnificent psychological game that no one but he can understand, or as another stage in what increasingly looks like a total psychotic breakdown. 
“I despise them for not making the goals I want, but I am Mourinho. I understand players. How to make them play better for me. 
“I will punch them in the face. All of them. I will continue to punch them all in the face until they score all the goals I want them to. 
“I am no longer the Special One, I am the Punchy One.” 
Pundits seemed impressed with Mourinho’s plans. 
“The problem with players today is they’re soft-arsed, headphone shitters,” said Chris Sutton, angrily. 
“A punch in the face would do them all the power of good. 
“And a kick in the balls wouldn’t hurt, either. 
“C**ts.” Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",0
16473,"WALL STREET JOURNAL BEGINS LAYOFFS, CUTS SECTIONS","Home › ECONOMIC › WALL STREET JOURNAL BEGINS LAYOFFS, CUTS SECTIONS WALL STREET JOURNAL BEGINS LAYOFFS, CUTS SECTIONS 0 SHARES 
[11/3/16] News Corp’s The Wall Street Journal will launch a new format for the newspaper with fewer sections on Nov. 14, and has begun laying off employees as part of an effort to cut costs, according to two memos reviewed by Reuters on Wednesday. 
On Wednesday, the Journal laid off staff of its Greater New York section, according to a memo sent on Wednesday from the International Association of Publishers’ Employees to members of the union at the paper. The layoffs include 19 IAPE-represented employees. 
The layoffs came just weeks after Dow Jones & Co, the News Corp unit NWS 0.21% that oversees the newspaper, announced a three-year plan to cut costs in response to a decline in print advertising. 
As part of the cost cutting, the Journal offered all of its news employees the option to take a buyout. The deadline to express interest in a buyout was Monday, and 48-IAPE represented employees took the buyout, out of a total 450 who were offered it, according to IAPE. 
A spokeswoman for Dow Jones declined to comment on how many employees requested buyouts or how many layoffs were expected. Post navigation",0
16474,Microsoft Unveils Its First Desktop PC - The New York Times,"Microsoft is trying to light a creative spark under the struggling personal computer industry. On Wednesday, the company, which is based in Redmond, Wash. unveiled a desktop personal computer that turns into a digital drafting table. Surface Studio, as the new device is called, is the company’s first desktop PC, and a reminder of Microsoft’s growing presence in the hardware side of the industry that it once left entirely to its partners. At an event in New York, Microsoft also announced an update to its Windows 10 operating system that is designed to make creating, manipulating and viewing   objects easier. The new Microsoft machine is a handsome specimen of the    PC category best exemplified by Apple’s iMac. It has a sleek aluminum body with   screen that rests on top of a stand. Microsoft also showed a new accessory device called the Surface Dial that augments computer mice, giving users a precise way to zoom in images and perform other actions. “This is a product that we believe truly brings out the creator in all of us,” said Panos Panay, a Microsoft corporate vice president. The new Microsoft PC will not be for everyone though, if only because of its $2, 999 price tag. It will go on sale in limited quantities this holiday season, Mr. Panay said. Architects, product designers and engineers are among the likely targets for the product. Surface Studio stands out from others in that its display is touch sensitive, effectively making it a gargantuan tablet that can be manipulated with hands and a stylus. A hinge in its stand allows users to position the screen at an angle so they can write and draw on it more naturally. J. P. Gownder, an analyst at Forrester Research, thinks the new device allows Microsoft to participate in the high end of the PC market, where profit margins tend to be fatter. During its most recently reported quarter, Microsoft said it had $926 million in Surface revenue, up 38 percent from the same period a year earlier. But like previous Surface computers from Microsoft, including a laptop and tablet, Surface Studio is also intended to inspire other PC makers, Mr. Gownder said. “Without the vision that the Surface team has provided, frankly, the PC industry would be in worst shape than it is anyway,” Mr. Gownder said. Sales in the PC market have been in a long slump. Shipments of new PCs in the third quarter fell 3. 9 percent from the previous year, according to IDC, the technology research firm. Microsoft said a new version of its operating system that would be released early next year, Windows 10 Creators Update, is aimed at responding to the interest in   imagery inspired by new technologies like virtual reality. The company demonstrated how a   image of a sand castle can easily be captured on a smartphone and then edited into a greeting card on Windows 10 with a new application that comes with the software. The company’s chief executive, Satya Nadella, said Microsoft’s new products were meant for the people who needed more than a regular consumer’s computer. “We are the company that stands for the builders, the makers, the creators  —   that’s who we are,” Mr. Nadella said. “Every choice we make is about finding that balance between consumption and creative expression. ” Microsoft also said several hardware companies, including HP, Dell, Lenovo and Asus, would release virtual reality headsets next holiday season that work with Windows 10 PCs. The headsets will start at $299, hundreds of dollars less than comparable headsets.",0
16475,Russia reveals chilling first images of super-nuke ‘Satan 2’ which has ‘power to devastate area size of Texas’,"November 2015 Ads Russia reveals chilling first images of super-nuke ‘Satan 2’ which has ‘power to devastate area size of Texas’ Oct 28, 2016 Previous post Experts have warned the weapons will make the bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki look like “popguns” according to reports 
Russia has revealed its biggest ever nuclear missile which is powerful enough to destroy a country as big as France with a single strike. 
Vladimir Putin is seeking to replace his arsenal of SS-18 Satan weapons with the new RS-28 Sarmat super-nukes. 
They are packed with up to 16 nuclear warheads according to pictures revealed online from the Makeyev Rocket Design Bureau. 
The weapons – which will be ready for launch in 2018 – will make the bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki look like “popguns”, experts have said. 
A message posted alongside the picture said: “In accordance with the Decree of the Russian Government ‘On the State Defense Order for 2010 and the planning period 2012-2013’, the Makeyev Rocket 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
16476,Watch: These Are The 5 States Hillary Must STEAL From Trump: “If She’s Successful It Will All But Block Trump From Presidency”,"The fix is in.
If the latest flurry of emails from the Clinton Camp prove anything, it’s that Hillary’s organization has been actively manipulating and rigging the Presidential election from the get-go. We know for a fact that she colluded with Democratic National Committee to marginalize Bernie Sanders. We know her mainstream media cohorts gave her debate questions ahead of time. We know that she actively hired and organized actions in Chicago and elsewhere to make it look like Trump supporters were violent. And we know from recently released John Podesta emails that they have been tampering with polls through over sampling. We also know that dead democrats all over the country are voting in the Presidential election.
Thus, it stands to reason that if there’s any way to rig actual election outcomes either through hacking electronic voting systems or other ballot machinations, the Clinton campaign will do everything in their power to take advantage of it.
In the video below The Daily Sheeple’s Weekly Word explains that there are five key states that are actively being target for election fraud:

Watch at Youtube 
Get regular news updates at The Daily Sheeple Youtube Channel : 

Also Watch: 
Did Hillary Cheat at the Final Debate? 
5 Big Fat Lies Hillary Told at the Final Presidential Debate 
5 Wikileaks Revelations That Should’ve Tanked Hillary’s Campaign ",0
16477,Katie Rich of ‘S.N.L.’ Is Suspended for Tweet Mocking Barron Trump - The New York Times,"Katie Rich, a writer for “Saturday Night Live,” has been suspended from her position at that show following a widely criticized post she made Friday on her personal Twitter account in which she mocked Barron Trump, the    son of President Donald J. Trump. She was suspended immediately after her tweet, and her suspension is indefinite, according to someone familiar with the plans at “S. N. L. ,” who was not authorized by NBC to comment on personnel matters. That tweet on Friday, during Mr. Trump’s inauguration ceremony, drew widespread condemnation, and Ms. Rich subsequently deleted the post (which said “Barron will be this country’s first homeschool shooter”) and deactivated her Twitter account. Her name did not appear in the closing credits of “Saturday Night Live” in its broadcast on Saturday. On Monday afternoon, Ms. Rich reactivated her account and posted a message that said: “I sincerely apologize for the insensitive tweet. I deeply regret my actions  offensive words. It was inexcusable  I’m so sorry. ” The suspension of Ms. Rich, who was hired to join “S. N. L. ” at the end of 2013, comes at a delicate time for the program, when it has felt emboldened to lampoon Mr. Trump but has faced his swift retaliation on Twitter. Following the show’s broadcast of Jan. 14, in which the actor Alec Baldwin played Mr. Trump in a parody of his news conference from earlier that week, Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter the following day: “NBC News is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!” Mr. Trump made no public comments about Saturday’s show, in which Mr. Baldwin did not appear. NBC said on Monday that Mr. Baldwin will host “Saturday Night Live” on Feb. 11 and appear throughout that program.",0
16478,News: Crowning Achievement: Donald Trump Has Just Accomplished His Lifelong Goal Of Kicking The Nation’s Most Powerful Black Family Out Of Their House,"Email 
Well, Donald Trump certainly has cause for celebration today. 
Despite having a multi-billion-dollar net worth, an international real estate company, and a primetime television show, Donald Trump’s ambitions were still set higher. The one trophy he’d spent his entire life trying to claim for his mantle of accomplishments had always evaded him—until today. By winning the 2016 presidential election, Donald Trump is finally able to kick the nation’s most powerful black family out of their house. 
One can only imagine the immense joy Donald’s wife and children feel for him today. 
Trump has been preparing for this moment ever since the Trump Organization first started buying buildings throughout New York City and raising rent for African-Americans until he could toss them out for no longer being able to afford it. Now, after decades of practice and determination, the president-elect will see his magnum opus arrive in the form of booting the incredibly influential and powerful Obama family out of the home they’ve lived in for the past eight years. 
Ejecting black people from their residences has been a lifelong passion for Donald. From practicing discriminatory housing policies that prevented black people from moving into Trump buildings to tagging black people’s rental applications with a separate sheet of paper marked “C” for “colored,” Donald has never lost focus on his goal. But that was all just warm-up for Trump, who clearly wanted to challenge himself by attempting to evict a wealthy black family of international renown. And when he sends President Obama, Michelle, Malia, Sasha, and all their boxed-up belongings packing from their house in January, Trump will have done just that. 
What a truly stunning feat. With the biggest item on his bucket list now firmly checked off, Trump would be more than justified in resting on his laurels to soak in the consummation of all his dreams. It’s hard to imagine an even more powerful and famous black family Donald could evict, but knowing Trump, he will continue to push himself. Whatever his plans are now, the world will be watching in anxious anticipation.",0
16479,What’s Organic? A Debate Over Dirt May Boil Down to Turf - The New York Times,"If a fruit or vegetable isn’t grown in dirt, can it be organic? That is the question roiling the world of organic farming, and the answer could redefine what it means to farm organically. At issue is whether produce that relies solely on irrigation to deliver nutrients to plants  —   through what is known as hydroponic and aquaponic systems  —   can be certified organic. And the National Organic Standards Board, an advisory group that makes recommendations to the federal secretary of agriculture, will get an earful on the topic at its meeting in St. Louis this week. On one side are the growing number of big and small growers raising fruits and vegetables in these   systems. They say their production methods are no different from those of farmers who grow plants in dirt  —   and, they add, they make organic farming more sustainable by, for instance, reducing water use. “Soil to me as a farmer means a   medium that contains biological processes, and that doesn’t have to be dirt,” said Marianne Cufone, an aquaponic farmer and the executive director of the Recirculating Farms Coalition, which lobbies for aquaculture. Not so, say the farmers who have spent years tending their soil so that it produces the nutrients plants need. They argue that organic production is first and foremost about caring for the soil, which produces environmental benefits that go beyond growing plants. “Soil has always been the basis of organic production,” said Steve Sprinkel, an organic farmer in Ojai, Calif. “The soil is alive and releasing micronutrients to plants that use their roots to scavenge and forage those things, and so taking care of the soil is the bedrock of organic farming. ” Sales of organic food in the United States hit $40 billion last year, sending grocers scrambling to find enough organic produce to fill their cases. Keeping up with the demand is difficult and expensive, and financiers and entrepreneurs, many of them from Silicon Valley, have started pouring money into these alternative systems. Whether the   systems help bring down the price of organic products remains to be seen. Equipment like lighting and organic nutrients are expensive  —   soil growers count on their dirt to deliver some of those nutrients at no cost  —   and hydroponically and aquaponically grown fruits and vegetables usually are sold for the same price as organic produce grown in dirt. “It’s like using an intravenous needle to administer exactly what we think the plant needs instead of allowing the plant to get what it needs in the amount it needs out of the ground,” said Dan Barber, a chef in New York and author of “The Third Plate. ” In the end, the decision about whether these growing systems can continue to be certified falls to the United States Department of Agriculture. In 2010, the Organic Standards Board recommended that hydroponic systems be ruled ineligible for organic certification because they excluded “the   ecology intrinsic to organic farming systems. ” At that time, there were only 39 hydroponic growers with organic certification. The U. S. D. A. has not acted on the board’s recommendation, allowing organic certification of crops grown in hydroponic systems to continue. According to a survey this year, the number of hydroponic growers with organic certification dropped to 30, but there were 22 certified aquaponic growers and 69 certified operations growing plants in containers lined with things like peat moss and coconut husks that do not provide nutrients on their own. “The recommendation did not adequately address the diversity of practices and systems in the industry,” Miles McEvoy, the official who oversees the U. S. D. A.’s organic program, said in a statement. Mr. McEvoy noted that the U. S. D. A. had assigned a task force to report on current practices  —   but that group split into two camps, mirroring the current debate. The Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 states: “An organic plan shall contain provisions designed to foster soil fertility, primarily through the management of the organic content of the soil through proper tillage, crop rotation and manuring. ” “To me, it seems simple and always has been,” said Sam Welsch, chief executive of OneCert, an organic certification business in Nebraska that has refused to certify hydroponic produce. “There are things the law and regulations require you to do to the soil that you cannot do in a hydroponic system. ” The Cornucopia Institute, an organic industry policy group, filed a legal complaint with the U. S. D. A. this month challenging certification of hydroponic produce and citing the federal law and regulations that govern organic farming. “They’ve illegally been allowing this to happen,” said Mark Kastel,   of the organization, “and now millions of dollars have been invested in infrastructure and the industry is circling the wagons to protect it. ” The Organic Trade Association, which represents the industry, is lobbying in favor of allowing certification of hydroponically and aquaponically grown crops. Nate Lewis, its farm policy director, said some parts of the federal organic law were clearer than others. He points to its language on cattle, saying it is clear the animals must have outdoor access and eat organic feed in order for their meat to be certified as organic. But the law for plants, he said, was not so obvious. “I would not agree that the law on this is black and white,” Mr. Lewis said. David Chapman, an organic farmer in Vermont who has been a leader of the opposition to certifying produce from the new systems, said he would be driven out of business if the U. S. D. A. declared hydroponically grown tomatoes could be certified as organic. “Most people have no idea that the organic tomatoes and peppers they’re buying are hydroponically grown,” Mr. Chapman said. “I think most consumers believe those things are grown in the soil, and that farmers like me are taking care of the soil as they grow them. ” Some 24 countries in Europe, including England, the Netherlands and Spain, as well as Mexico, Canada, Japan and New Zealand, do not allow organic certification for hydroponically grown produce. Mr. Chapman said hydroponic producers there would like access to the American market, where they could label their products organic and charge a higher price. In fact, one big Canadian hydroponic grower, Golden Fresh Farms, began building 20 acres of greenhouses in Ohio this year. “In Holland, they’ve gotten so good at producing tomatoes hydroponically that they’ve destroyed their own market, so they’re desperate for access to the U. S. organic market,” he said. Driscoll’s, the berry company, is one of the largest hydroponic growers, using the system to grow hundreds of acres of raspberries, blueberries and blackberries. Soren Bjorn, an executive vice president of Driscoll’s, said growing the produce hydroponically was hardly different from what the company does when it grows its berries in sandy soils. “Part of the benefit of that is there’s no disease in the soil, but there’s also very little nutrition in sand,” he said. “So for certain kinds of berries, we add the vast majority of nutrients through irrigation. ” But Driscoll’s takes issue with describing its system as hydroponic. Rather, Mr. Bjorn said, it grows some of its organic berries in containers in beds of peat moss, coconut fiber or mulch. “Hydroponics may also be contained,” but it’s a   system, he said, “lettuce floating around on water, for instance. ” Mr. Lewis of the Organic Trade Association said, however, that little distinguishes a container system from a hydroponic system. “There really isn’t much difference,” he said. Colin Archipley’s farm, Archi’s Acres, grows kale, herbs and other produce hydroponically in greenhouses in San Diego. He is frustrated that there is even a debate over whether his produce is organic. “The reason this has become such a big deal is that systems like ours are becoming more popular because they’re more efficient, which means farmers are more sustainable and profitable,” he said. “That’s put competition on farmers, specifically in Vermont, and so what this really is about is market protection. ”",0
16480,Newsticker (969),"+++ Hat's immer noch drauf: Alter Drehorgelspieler feiert Comeback mit totem Äffchen +++ +++ Ist eigentlich kein Schlächter: Mutter nimmt psychopatischen Sohn in Schutz +++ +++ Stab noch an der Unfallstelle: Verunglückter Zauberer hinterlässt wichtiges Utensil +++ +++ TTIPfehler: Viel geCETA um Handelsabkommen +++ +++ Führt kein Weg daran vorbei: Rom ist ein Muss für Reisefreunde +++ +++ Bert holt Brecht: Ernie verlangte nach mehr Kultur in Sesamstraße +++ +++ Zu tief in Klaas geschaut: Betrunkener Proktologe wegen Missbrauchsvorwürfen festgenommen +++ sod/bmi, evw, tom, kol, tsc, be+, man Jetzt bestellen! Der Postillon-Newsticker-Kalender 2017 (nur 9,99€): Der Postillon: +++ Newsticker +++ Artikel teilen:",0
16481,The Resentments Trump Represents,"The Resentments Trump Represents   While the mainstream U.S. media has focused on personal scandals, the presidential race has revealed a deep and sometimes ugly resentment among many Americans who blame the haughty elites for declining living standards, says Andrew Spannaus, 
By Andrew Spannaus 
This year’s presidential election has been surprising on many fronts, with the success of a number of outsider candidates and the fact that the most unorthodox of them all, Donald Trump, is within striking distance of victory in the last days of the campaign. 
As shocking as Trump’s candidacy has been to the national media and political establishment, it has provoked even more astonishment outside of the United States, where people often have a superficial view of the U.S. political and economic situation. This is driven by a reliance on only a few major news outlets that tend to give an elitist view of what happens in the country, ignoring the type of undercurrents that have driven the outsider campaigns this year. Donald Trump speaking with supporters at a campaign rally at Veterans Memorial Coliseum at the Arizona State Fairgrounds in Phoenix, Arizona. June 18, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
In Europe, a common question asked of Americans this year has been: “Has everyone gone crazy?” 
There is shock that much of the country would be willing to vote for someone as unprepared and offensive as Donald Trump. It is heightened by the fact that the current President is the first African-American to hold the office, confusing people who thought that Barack Obama’s election had put racial considerations on the backburner, but now see the Republican candidate drawing on racist stereotypes to increase enthusiasm among his base. 
This has led to the common view that white, male America is “fighting back,” and not willing to accept a woman president, after having to suffer the indignity of the first black president for the past eight years. 
While sexism and racism can’t be ignored, the problem is that just as much of the U.S. media has done for so long, Europeans concentrate mostly on the person of Trump himself, with his countless faults, while almost entirely ignoring the discontent among the population that has made this kind of revolt possible. 
There is in fact very little recognition of the difficulties of the U.S. middle class over the past 35 years, caused principally by the pro-finance, anti-industrial policies that have contributed to the loss of millions of well-paying jobs across the country. The media touts the low unemployment numbers and the return to economic growth, and thus Europeans don’t understand how the American population could be so upset, and what the source of the anger could be. 
Yet it doesn’t take much to go beneath the surface and explain the economic anxiety that has driven the realignment of U.S. politics this year. Indeed the stagnation of wages and lack of financial security that much of the American middle- and lower-class suffers from is quite similar to that in Europe; and in Europe the drop in living standards is leading to a continent-wide revolt against the institutions of the European Union.   Europe’s Battle: Nationalists vs. Elites .”] 
A Left-Right Resistance 
In Europe as in the U.S., there are right-wing and left-wing manifestations of the protest, combining anger against the bank bailouts, opposition to economic austerity, and fear of immigrants seen as threatening traditions and security. Flag of the European Union. 
In addition, international “free trade” agreements are the target of significant public and political opposition around the Continent, even more so than in the U.S., where much of the establishment remains committed to the current neoliberal economic policies. 
Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont, the self-described “democratic socialist,” and real-estate mogul Donald Trump both target NAFTA and the Trans-Pacific Partnership, denouncing the pacts as negative for American workers and favorable mostly to multinational corporations. In Europe the target is the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP), the agreement still being negotiated with the U.S. that is seen as negative for smaller companies and traditional markets, and favorable mostly to multinational corporations. 
The similarities between the protest movements are so strong that failure to recognize them means that someone obviously deserves a prize for misinformation. 
When it comes to foreign policy, the issues become even more urgent for Europe. While Donald Trump promises to crush ISIS and increase spending on the U.S. military, his position regarding the key strategic question for Europe – relations with Russia – is the opposite of what most people expect. 
Hillary Clinton’s hawkish stance towards Russia and her stated disgust for Vladimir Putin appear to be perfectly in tune with the reversion towards an adversarial relationship that is currently taking shape after the apparent failure of attempts at greater cooperation through diplomacy made by President Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry listens to Russian President Vladimir Putin in a meeting room at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, at the outset of a bilateral meeting on July 14, 2016. [State Department Photo] The superficial view is that Clinton will represent continuity with the foreign policy of the Obama administration, but anyone who has been paying attention knows that on numerous important questions, from the nuclear agreement with Iran to relations with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, from the establishment of a “no-fly zone” in Syria to intervening more directly in Ukraine, there is significant daylight between the President and his former Secretary of State, and Clinton has barely attempted to hide it.
Trump, on the other hand, is more in line with the preferred foreign policy of most major European nations, in particular as regards Russia. After years of sanctions and increased military activities closer to Russia’s borders, the leaders of Germany, France and Italy all hope for a reduction of tensions, allowing them to resume economic relations and avoid being caught in the middle of a new East-West conflict. 
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has been particularly vocal in opposing the anti-Russia sanctions, including – curiously – immediately after his return from a state dinner at the White House. In fact, it’s not the first time he has been critical of current policy towards Russia right after a meeting in Washington, and as anyone in Italy knows, it’s highly unlikely he would make such statements without tacit approval, or at least acceptance, from the U.S. government, in this case most likely President Obama. 
If Hillary Clinton wins the election, it will be interesting to see if nations such as Italy will continue to be afforded such leeway. 
Over the course of the campaign, the recognition of the deeper issues at play in the U.S. election has grown, although such discussion still tends to be overshadowed by superficial coverage of the personal battle between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, and the various scandals of the moment. 
Europeans would do better to pay close attention to the fundamental questions that have been raised during the campaign, that will have a major impact on the entire Western world in the coming years: the fate of the middle class and the decline of the productive economy, and the decision as to whether to seek cooperation, or conflict, with Russia. 
Andrew Spannaus is a freelance journalist and strategic analyst based in Milan, Italy. He is the founder of Transatlantico.info, that provides news, analysis and consulting to Italian institutions and businesses. His book on the U.S. elections Perchè vince Trump (Why Trump is Winning) was published in June 2016.",0
16482,"Celebrating GLOBAL GRACE DAY, November 9, 2016","Celebrating GLOBAL GRACE DAY, November 9, 2016 As every year, we celebrate the Global Grace Day on this November 9, 2016. First “Global Grace Day” at the Separation Wall in Israel-Palestine, November 9, 2005 By Dieter Duhm / terranovavoice.tamera.org 
As every year, we celebrate the Global Grace Day on this November 9, 2016. It is a day of taking a decision for a future worth living. Its date reminds us of November 9, 1938, when Hitler Germany began its first massive attack against German Jews in what was called “Kristallnacht” or the “Night of Broken Glass.” Yet this date also reminds us of November 9, 1989, when the Berlin Wall was opened. The external wall that was overcome back then now also needs to be overcome within people so that we can find a way out of the unspeakable suffering people currently inflict on each other around the world. People shooting each other, intentionally killing one another – this does not belong to the plan of a humane world. Our goal is a world without war, without weapons and without fear. 
First of all, immense gratitude to all those who are offering assistance in this world gone astray; gratitude to all peace workers, all communities and organizations working to support the many people currently fleeing, those that need to persevere in camps without protection, hungry and cold, those that are trapped in war zones (e.g. Mosul, Aleppo) without any prospect for help, those that cross the Mediterranean Sea in crowded dinghies and those that mourn their lost relatives. It is an unending suffering on all continents. Many volunteers travel from hotspot to hotspot trying relieve a kind of distress that can no longer be relieved. We need another solution if want to provide sustainable, lasting help. What could it consist of? 
We need a new foundation for human coexistence. The relationship among people is the greatest crisis of our times. The morphogenetic field of war currently dominating this planet needs to be replaced by a new morphogenetic field of peace. The solution consists in creating new fields of life which the existing world of war cannot integrate, for they are anchored in the universal order, the field of the “Sacred Matrix.” This field arises when we create new communities that manifest the fundamental values of life – solidarity, compassion, love and mutual support. Liberating sexuality and the love between the genders from all false restrictions and prejudices, renouncing lies and forevermore ending all forms of sexual violence belong to the work of these communities as well. 
“Sexpeace” is a key for healing. If truth, trust and love enter at the core issue of erotic love, the entire superstructure of society will change. A different relation to life develops (“re-ligio”), a new relation to animals and all beings. We experience this in Tamera on a daily basis. There is a power greater than all violence. This is the power of communities, which focus in total trust on a common goal for the future and are, while doing so, connected with the inner laws of objective ethics. They can no longer be corrupted nor governed. The power stronger than all violence – this is profound trust among people. Where there is trust, higher powers assist us as well. 
In this spirit, we work on the global Healing Biotopes Project . All groups working for peace are warmly invited to join this network. In the name of love for all that lives. 0.0 ·",0
16483,"12 Life Lessons from a Man Who’s Seen 12,000 Deaths","12 Life Lessons from a Man Who’s Seen 12,000 Deaths 
What Can We Learn from the Dying? By Deepak Ramola 
Rooted in the hearts of many Hindus is the belief that if you breathe your last in Kashi (Varanasi) you attain what is popularly known as ‘Kashi Labh’ or ‘the fruit of Kashi’—moksh or “release from the cycle of rebirth impelled by the law of karma”. 
Kashi Labh Mukti Bhawan in Varanasi is one of the three guesthouses in the city where people check in to die. The other two are Mumukshu Bhawan and Ganga Labh Bhawan. Established in 1908, Mukti Bhawan is well-known within the city and outside. 
Bhairav Nath Shukla has been the Manager of Mukti Bhawan for 44 years. He has seen the rich and the poor take refuge in the guesthouse in their final days as they await death and hope to find peace. Shukla hopes with and for them. He sits on the wooden bench in the courtyard, against the red brick wall and shares with me 12 recurring life lessons from the 12000 deaths he has witnessed in his experience as the manager of Mukti Bhawan: 1. Resolve all conflicts before you go 
Shukla recounts the story of Shri Ram Sagar Mishr, a Sanskrit scholar of his times. Mishr was the eldest of six brothers and was closest to the youngest one. Years ago an ugly argument between the two brothers led to a wall to partition the house. 
In his final days, Mishr walked to the guesthouse carrying his little paan case and asked to keep room no. 3 reserved for him. He was sure he will pass away on the 16th day from his arrival. On the 14th day he said, “ Ask my estranged brother of 40 years to come see me. This bitterness makes my heart heavy. I am anxious to resolve every conflict.” 
A letter was sent out. On the 16th day when the youngest brother arrived, Mishr held his hand and asked to bring down the wall dividing the house. He asked his brother for forgiveness. Both brothers wept and mid sentence, Mishr stopped speaking. His face became calm. He was gone in a moment. 
Shukla has seen this story replay in many forms over the years. “People carry so much baggage, unnecessarily, all through their life only wanting to drop it at the very end of their journey. The trick lies not in not having conflicts but in resolving them as soon as one can,” says Shukla. 2. Simplicity is the truth of life 
“People stop eating indulgent food when they know they are going to go. The understanding that dawns on many people in their final days is that they should’ve lived a simple life. They regret that the most,” says Shukla. 
A simple life, as he explains, can be attained by spending less. We spend more to accumulate more and thus create more need. To find contentment in less is the secret to having more. 3. Filter out people’s bad traits 
Shukla maintains that every person has shades of good and bad. But instead of dismissing “bad” people outrightly, we must seek out their good qualities. Harbouring bitterness for certain people comes from concentrating on their negatives. If you focus on the good qualities though, you spend that time getting to know them better or, maybe even, loving them. 4. Be willing to seek help from others 
To know and do everything by yourself might feel empowering but it limits one from absorbing what others have learnt. Shukla believes we must help others, but more importantly, have the courage to seek help when we’re in need. 
Every person in the world knows more than us in some respect. And their knowledge can help us, only if we’re open to it. 
He recounts the incident of an old woman being admitted on a rainy day back in the 80s. The people who got her there left her without filling the inquiry form. A few hours later, the police came to trace the relatives of the old lady who, they said, were runaway Naxalites. Shukla pretended to know nothing. The police left. When the lady’s relatives returned next morning, Shukla asked the leader uninhibitedly, “When you can kill 5-8 people yourself why didn’t you simply shoot your Nani and cremate her yourself? Why did you make me lie and feel ashamed?” The grandson fell to his knees and pleaded for forgiveness saying no one amongst them is capable of helping his religious grandmother attain salvation. He respects that, and is the reason why he brought her to Mukti Bhawan. 5. Find beauty in simple things 
Mukti Bhavan plays soulful bhajans and devotional songs three times a day. “Some people”, he says, “stop and admire a note or the sound of the instruments as if they have never heard it before, even if they have. They pause to appreciate it and find beauty in it.” 
But that’s not true of everyone, he adds. People who are too critical or too proud, are the ones who find it hard to find joy in small things because their minds are preoccupied with “seemingly” more important things. 6. Acceptance is liberation 
Most people shirk away from accepting what they are going through. This constant denial breeds in them emotions that are highly dangerous. Only once you accept your situation is when you become free to decide what to do about it. Without acceptance you are always in the grey space. 
When you are not in denial of a problem you have the strength to find a solution. 
Indifference, avoidance, and denial of a certain truth, Shukla believes, cause anxiety; they develop a fear of that thing in the person. Instead, accept the situation so you are free to think what you want to do about it and how. Acceptance will liberate you and empower you. 7. Accepting everyone as the same makes service easier 
The secret to Shukla’s unfazed dedication and determination towards his demanding job can be understood via this life lesson. He admits that life would’ve been difficult if he treated people who admit themselves to Mukti Bhavan differently, based on their caste, creed, colour, and social or economic status. Categorisation leads to complication and one ends up serving no one well. “The day you treat everyone the same is the day you breathe light and worry less about who might feel offended or not. Make your job easier,” he says. 8. If/When you find your purpose, do something about it 
To have awareness about one’s calling is great, but only if you do something about it. 
A lot of people, Shukla says, know their purpose but don’t do anything about realising it, making it come to life. Simply sitting on it is worse than not having a calling in the first place. Having a perspective towards your purpose will help you measure the time and effort you need to dedicate to it, while you’re caught up in what you think you can’t let go or escape. Take action on what truly matters. 9. Habits become values 
Shukla recommends cultivating good habits to be able to house good values. And building good habits happens over time, with practice. “It’s like building a muscle; you have to keep at it everyday.” 
Till one doesn’t consistently work towards being just or kind or truthful or honest or compassionate, every single time he is challenged, one cannot expect to have attained that quality. 10. Choose what you want to learn 
In the vastness of the infinite amount of knowledge available to us it is easy to get lost and confused. “The key lesson here is to be mindful of choosing what you deeply feel will be of value to you,” he says. People might impose subjects and philosophies on you because it interests them and while you must acknowledge their suggestions, the wise thing to do is delve deeper into what rejoices your own heart and mind. 
With a smile on his face Shukla says, “In the last days of their life a lot of people can’t speak, walk or communicate with others with as much ease as they could, earlier. So, they turn inwards. And start to remember the things that made their heart sing once, things that they cared to learn more about over the course of their life, which enriches their days now.” 11. You don’t break ties with people; you break ties with the thought they produce 
You can seldom distance yourself from people you have truly loved or connected with in some way. However, in any relationship, along the way, certain mismatch of ideologies causes people to stop communicating. This never means you are no longer associated with that person. It simply means that you don’t associate with a dominant thought that person brings with him/her, and to avoid more conflict you move away. The divorce, Shukla affirms, is with the thought and never with the person. To understand that is to unburden yourself from being bitter and revengeful. 12. 10 percent of what you earn should be kept aside for dharma 
Dharma, Shukla doesn’t define as something religious or spiritual. Instead, he says it is associated more with doing good for others and feeling responsible about that. A simple calculation according to him is to keep 10 percent of your income for goodwill. 
Many people donate or do charitable acts towards the end of their life because death is hard on them. In their suffering, they begin to empathise with others’ suffering. He says those who have the companionship of loved ones, the blessings of unknown strangers, and an all-encompassing goodwill of people exit peacefully and gracefully. That is possible when you don’t cling on to everything you have, and leave some part of it for others. 
Feature Image: Jorge Royan",0
16484,Earth Isn’t Doomed Yet. The Climate Could Survive Trump Policies. - The New York Times,"Is the battle to contain global warming now lost? With the election of Donald Trump, it certainly looked that way to many of the shellshocked diplomats gathered in Morocco earlier this month at the first climate summit following the breakthrough agreement in Paris last year to contain greenhouse gas emissions. During the campaign, the   of the world’s second largest polluter claimed that climate change is a hoax, threatened to drop the Paris accord, committed to kill the Clean Power Plan at the center of President Obama’s emissions reduction strategy, and promised a new dawn for the fossil fuel industry. Don’t give up just yet. True, international diplomacy will become more difficult as China and India weigh their own energy policy commitments in the light of the possibility that the United States will walk away from its promises. But President Trump’s climate policy  —   or his lack of one  —   could work out in surprising ways. Ted Nordhaus and Jessica Lovering, in a report published on Tuesday by the Breakthrough Institute, pointed out that real progress on reducing carbon in the atmosphere has been driven so far by specific domestic energy, industrial and innovation policies, “not emissions targets and timetables or international agreements intended to legally constrain national emissions. ” It’s certainly possible that a Trump administration will drop the Clean Power Plan and renege on the Paris accord. But as long as it keeps the nation’s nuclear power plants online, continues tax incentives for wind and solar energy and stays out of the way of the shale energy revolution, Ms. Lovering and Mr. Nordhaus write, “the U. S. might outperform the commitments that the Obama administration made in Paris. ” For all his promises to bring back coal jobs in Appalachia, Mr. Trump might be drawn in a different direction by his own objectives of promoting natural gas and achieving energy independence. If he gives those goals high priority, he could well end up pursuing policies that would ultimately lower carbon emissions. Striking a meaningful deal on climate has proved an elusive goal. The first try, in Kyoto, Japan, in 1997, committed advanced nations to reduce emissions between 1990 and 2010. But they actually achieved more in terms of reducing dependency on fossil fuels in the decade before the agreement than in the decade after. If the Kyoto target survived, it was only because of other forces: First, the collapse of the Soviet bloc wiped out a lot of European carbon emissions along with the decrepit Eastern European industrial base then the global downturn that started in 2008 reduced carbon emissions along with economic growth. Even the most aggressive proposals by the Obama administration probably packed less punch than supporters believe. President Obama’s original    bill, which was blocked in the Senate in 2009, proposed emissions limits that were higher than what emissions have turned out to be. The steep decline was driven not just by the recession and slow recovery, but also by the wholesale move by the power sector over the last decade from coal to less polluting natural gas. As Robert Stavins of Harvard University put it, “The most important factor in terms of carbon emissions in the United States is the price of natural gas. ” And for all the   over the future of the Clean Power Plan, its demise might not even make that much of a difference. The shift from coal to gas will continue to happen anyway. A study commissioned last December by the Environmental Defense Fund concluded that most states could comply “by relying exclusively on existing generation, investments already planned within each state and implementation of respective existing state policies. ” Of course, President Trump could do much more than simply stopping the Clean Power Plan, especially if he had eight years to work with. But why would he do that? Production tax credits for renewables have already been extended by a   Congress until 2021. Mr. Trump supports nuclear energy, and could well be persuaded to extend federal subsidies to keep the nation’s teetering string of nuclear plants in operation. Most importantly, climate objectives could mesh with Mr. Trump’s goal of energy independence. According to the 2016 edition of the International Energy Agency’s World Energy Outlook, the United States could pretty much become energy independent by 2040  —   reducing its annual oil imports to 1 million barrels a day from 6 million in 2014  —   as long as Washington sticks to current policies. Part of this has to do with rising shale oil and gas production. But the main driver would be efficiency. The Trump administration only has to maintain the Obama administration’s CAFE standards, which require the average fuel economy of cars and light trucks to rise to    miles per gallon by 2025, from 34 today. This is not to say that the world could survive forever an American administration that doesn’t believe in climate change and does nothing to contain it. A recent analysis by scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology concluded that the promises made in Paris would reduce the concentration of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere at the end of the century to 710 parts per million from 750. That is still far from the 450 p. p. m. ceiling needed to tip the odds in favor of staying under the temperature threshold scientists consider safe. According to the International Energy Agency, the commitments made in Paris will cap the growth of greenhouse gas emissions between now and 2040 to 13 percent. The 450 p. p. m. target requires them to fall by 43 percent. Getting there will require rich countries like the United States to help finance much of the transition for poor countries. The role of global diplomacy will rise. “It will be a big deal that will affect economic growth and jobs,” said David Victor of the School of Global Policy and Strategy at the University of California, San Diego. “We need a strategy to assure countries that their economic competitors are undertaking similar types of policies. ” For this to work, the United States, as the dominant economic player, must play ball. Simply pursuing energy independence will not go far enough. In four years, the United States might have an administration that is less hostile to the concept of climate change. In any case, the rationale for policies to support   and   energy sources will be even stronger then than it is today. “If a Trump administration lasts only four years, the process could maybe absorb that,” said Oliver Geden, head of research at the German Institute for International and Security Affairs. The bomb is ticking, but the world still has some time.",0
16485,"Legal Marijuana Ends at Airport Security, Even if It’s Rarely Stopped - The New York Times","People in 29 states can legally use medical marijuana for a variety of problems, including the relief of pain, anxiety or stress. But what if they want to travel with it? Secure airport areas beyond the Transportation Security Administration checkpoints are under federal control, and the federal government classifies marijuana as a Schedule 1 (most harmful) substance, even in states where it is legal for adults to consume it. The laws conflict, but federal law trumps state law, making it illegal to fly with marijuana in   or checked luggage. It is also illegal to transport marijuana across state lines, even if both states have legalized it. Still, some passengers, especially on domestic flights, take the risk, because searching for marijuana is not on the T. S. A. ’s   list. The agency focuses “on terrorism and security threats to the aircraft and its passengers,” a spokesman, Bruce Anderson, said. Airport screeners are looking for things that can take down an airplane, like guns or explosives, not marijuana, he said. But if screeners do notice marijuana in someone’s   or checked luggage, Mr. Anderson said, they will call in local airport law enforcement officials to deal with it. Of the 54 million passengers who went through Denver International Airport in 2015, the T. S. A. stopped just 29 for possession of marijuana, an airport spokesman, Heath Montgomery, said. In those cases, as long as the amount was legal for personal possession in Colorado  —   one ounce of dried flower, for example  —   the local police simply asked the flier to dispose of it, either by throwing it in the trash or taking it home. All 29 complied, and no tickets were issued. In 2016, the airport did not keep a record of those stopped with the substance. “The bottom line is, it’s not an issue,” Mr. Montgomery said. Sales of medical and recreational marijuana are legal in Colorado, and over $1 billion of marijuana was sold through dispensaries last year, said Matthew A. Karnes, founder of GreenWave Advisors, which analyzes the industry. The comparatively small number of T. S. A. stops at the airport may mean that travelers have gotten the message that it is illegal to fly with marijuana and they leave it behind. Or perhaps they just pack it and travel with it in a way that is subtle enough not to draw attention to it, said Lisa Smith of Seattle. She often travels through airports with marijuana and says many of her friends do as well. Local airport authorities handle the situation differently in different states. In Florida, where medical marijuana is legal but recreational use is not, few are stopped for possession in the airport, but they do face penalties. Eleven of the approximately 2. 8 million passengers who were screened by T. S. A. at Jacksonville International Airport in 2016 were detained for possession of marijuana, said Michael D. Stewart, the airport’s director of external affairs. All were arrested or given a notice to appear in court, he said. T. S. A. agents with dogs that are sniffing people in line by security checkpoints are looking for explosives, not marijuana. Dogs assisting Customs and Border Protection agents, however, are searching for illicit drugs along with other illegal substances, but only among passengers arriving in the United States on international flights. “Some people like a glass of wine to relax when they travel,” Ms. Smith said. “I prefer a little marijuana. ” It is hard to find in some states, she said, so “it’s easier to bring my own. ” Medical and recreational marijuana are legal in Washington State. Typically she takes loose marijuana in a plastic   pill container. “Only once has a T. S. A. agent pulled the container out of my purse,” she said, “but that was because she was looking for a water bottle that had set off the scanner. ” The agent put the marijuana back, Ms. Smith said. “I don’t think she noticed what it was. ” Ms. Smith said she also traveled sometimes with edible forms of marijuana. “I’ll take a couple of   chocolates or mints and transfer them from their packaging to a container that isn’t labeled as a cannabis product,” she said. Cy Scott,   of Headset, a marijuana industry data analytics company in Seattle, said the proliferation of new forms of cannabis made it easier to take the substance on a flight. “Along with cookies and chocolates, there are transdermal patches, sublingual drops, vape pens and topical ointments,” he said. There are 70, 000 unique marijuana products sold in Washington State alone, he said, “so there are endless ways to carry marijuana in a nonobvious way. ” Jaime Ruiz, chief of the Northern Border and Coastal Waters branch of the Department of Homeland Security, would not speculate on whether the odors in every processed marijuana product would be picked up by a detector dog working for Customs. “But by experience, our canines have been able to detect odors in unthinkable places and have found marijuana concealed in airtight containers,” he said. The musician Melissa Etheridge said she used medical marijuana for pain relief when she was being treated for breast cancer. She is now starting her own cannabis business, offering products like baked goods, tinctures and prerolled marijuana cigarettes aimed at people with pain from arthritis, sports injuries or other conditions. She said she had carried marijuana in her checked luggage, but always attaches her doctor’s recommendation to it. “Once the T. S. A. left a note that they had inspected my luggage, and they left it right on top of my weed,” she said. The conflict between legal consumers of marijuana and federal laws is bound to worsen. Doctors’ recommendations for the drug are increasing as new medicinal uses are discovered. And the number of states legalizing medical and recreational marijuana continues to rise. At the same time, Attorney General Jeff Sessions favors stricter   law enforcement nationwide. Ms. Etheridge said she had become more cautious about flying with marijuana. So far, though, said Mr. Anderson of the Transportation Security Administration, “our policy and procedures in this have not changed. ”",0
16486,WH Spox on Obama’s Denial of Wiretap Claim: ‘They Don’t Have the Best Track Record’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing President Donald Trump’s tweets accusing the former Obama administration of wiretapping Trump Tower before the election, White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders questioned President Barack Obama’s denial via a spokesperson.  “Well, I think, they don’t have the best track record,” she said. “They said they had a cardinal rule, well frankly that’s just not true. The president himself got directly involved when it came to the email scandal with Hillary Clinton. ” Huckabee Sanders added, “All we’re saying is let’s take a closer look. Let’s look into this. If this happened, if this is accurate, this is the biggest overreach and the biggest scandal. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
16487,Man with unfashionable front door feared by neighbours,"Man with unfashionable front door feared by neighbours 07-11-16 A MAN without a trendy oak panelling front door is a dangerous non-conformist, neighbours believe. Retail worker Tom Logan has caused concern by having a cheap-looking plastic front door instead of a sleek, sturdy modern one. Neighbour Donna Sheridan said: “Most people in the street have got a proper light brown oak panelling door, ideally with a vertical silver handle, but Logan thinks he’s different with his shitty white plastic door that looks like it came out of a skip. “I don’t know what he gets up to in there, probably druggie sex parties where they all wear masks to make it extra-perverted. At least the door will be easy to bash in when the police arrive. “I just wish a nice family with a normal door would move in, although it’ll be hard to sell the property if there are male prostitutes under all the floorboards.” Logan said: “Most evenings I just watch telly or use my vast occult library to open portals to evil dimensions.” 
Share:",0
16488,Exclusive Video - Jackie Mason: ’Do the Democrats Need Proof for Any Claim They Make?’ - Breitbart,"In these trying times, Jackie Mason is the Voice of Reason. [Jackie’s back this week with a brand new exclusive clip for Breitbart News, and a warning: “If I were you, I wouldn’t go into any Russian restaurant. Because for all I know, the blintzes could be bugged. ”  “Do you hear all the conversation about the Russians? Somebody would think that the Russians left Russia and that they’re all living in Pittsburgh now because no matter where you go, that’s all you hear, about what the Russians did to us. ” Of course Trump, Jackie drolly explains, would never have won the election without Russia’s help. As for Trump accusing former President Obama of wiretapping his office at Trump Tower  —   Jackie finds it laughable that Democrats have now suddenly begun demanding proof for the allegations. “Let’s be honest about it. Do the Democrats need proof about any claims that they make?” he asks. “Every accusation they make is just invented out of nothing, out of nowhere. They’re claiming that Trump is involved with the Russians, the Russians influenced the whole election. ‘What proof do you have?’ We don’t need proof, we just announce it. ” Nevertheless, Jackie offers up his own proof for how Democrats could make the Russian accusations. Watch the full clip above, and the rest of Jackie Mason’s weekly exclusive clips for Breitbart News here.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum,  ",0
16489,Yahoo Says 1 Billion User Accounts Were Hacked - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   Yahoo, already reeling from its September disclosure that 500 million user accounts had been hacked in 2014, disclosed Wednesday that a different attack in 2013 compromised more than 1 billion accounts. The two attacks are the largest known security breaches of one company’s computer network. The newly disclosed 2013 attack involved sensitive user information, including names, telephone numbers, dates of birth, encrypted passwords and unencrypted security questions that could be used to reset a password. Yahoo said it is forcing all of the affected users to change their passwords and it is invalidating unencrypted security questions  —   steps that it declined to take in September. It is unclear how many Yahoo users were affected by both attacks. The internet company has more than 1 billion active users, but it is not clear how many inactive accounts were hacked. Yahoo said it discovered the larger hacking after analyzing data files, provided by law enforcement, that an unnamed third party had claimed contained Yahoo information. Security has taken a back seat at Yahoo in recent years, compared to Silicon Valley competitors like Google and Facebook. Yahoo’s security team clashed with top executives, including the chief executive, Marissa Mayer, over the cost and customer inconvenience of proposed security measures. And critics say the company was slow to adopt aggressive security measures, even after a breach of over 450, 000 accounts in 2012 and series of spam attacks  —   a mass mailing of unwanted messages  —   the following year. “What’s most troubling is that this occurred so long ago, in August 2013, and no one saw any indication of a breach occurring until law enforcement came forward,” said Jay Kaplan, the chief executive of Synack, a security company. “Yahoo has a long way to go to catch up to these threats. ” Yahoo has made a steady trickle of disclosures about the 2014 hacking, which it has been investigating with the help of federal authorities. The company said Wednesday that it now believes the attacker in that breach, which it says was sponsored by a government, found a way to forge credentials to log into some users’ accounts without a password. Bob Lord, Yahoo’s chief information security officer, said in a statement that the   actor in the 2014 attack had stolen Yahoo’s proprietary source code. Outside forensics experts working with Yahoo believe that the   hackers used Yahoo’s code to access user accounts without their passwords by creating forged “cookies,” short bits of text that a website can store on a user’s machine. By forging these cookies, attackers were able to impersonate valid users, gaining information and performing actions on behalf of their victims. The company has not disclosed who it believes was behind the attack. In July, Yahoo agreed to sell its core businesses to Verizon Communications for $4. 8 billion. Verizon said in October that it might seek to renegotiate the terms of the transaction because of the hacking, which had not been disclosed to Verizon during the original deal talks. After the latest disclosure Wednesday, a Verizon spokesman, Bob Varettoni, essentially repeated that position. “As we’ve said all along, we will evaluate the situation as Yahoo continues its investigation,” he said. “We will review the impact of this new development before reaching any final conclusions. ” Mr. Lord said Yahoo had taken steps to strengthen Yahoo’s systems after the attacks. The company encouraged its users to change passwords associated with their Yahoo account and any other digital accounts tied to their Yahoo email and account. In the hacking disclosed Wednesday, Mr. Lord said Yahoo believed an “unauthorized third party” managed to steal data from one billion Yahoo user accounts. Mr. Lord said that Yahoo had not been able to identify how the hackers breached Yahoo’s systems, but that the company believed the attack occurred in August 2013. Changing Yahoo passwords will be just the start for many users. They will also have to comb through other services to make sure passwords used on those sites are not too similar to what they were using on Yahoo. And if they were not doing so already, they will have to treat everything they receive online, such as email, with an abundance of suspicion, in case hackers are trying to trick them out of even more information. Yahoo recommended that its customers use Yahoo Account Key, an authentication tool that verifies a user’s identity using a mobile phone and eliminates the need to use a password on Yahoo altogether. Security experts say the latest discovery of a breach that happened so long ago is another black mark for the company. “It’s not just one sophisticated adversary that gets in,” said Ben Johnson,   and chief security strategist at Carbon Black, a security company. “Typically companies get compromised multiple times due to the same vulnerability or employee culture. ” Mr. Johnson added that the scale of the breaches is only increasing as companies store more and more troves of information in similar databases. “When you have these huge databases of information, it’s millions  —   and now billions  —   of accounts lost,” he said.",0
16490,Swedish Economist: Illegal Migration Not Essential to Economy,"Swedish economist Tino Sanandaji has hit back at claims Sweden would collapse without illegal migrant workers saying the notion was a “fantasy”. [Mr. Sanandaji, a noted economist who has been outspoken about the consequences of unrestricted mass migration, wrote a post on his Facebook page in response to comments made by Swedish journalist Åsa Linderborg who said Sweden could not function without illegal migrants.  “It is a fantasy that the economy would collapse without a few thousand undocumented migrants in   occupations,” Sanandaji wrote. “Sweden worked demonstrably a few years ago when there were few illegal immigrants. ” According to the economist, illegal migrants have a very small impact on the overall economy because so few of them are employed. “Paperless migrants are a tiny fraction of the labour force and is in excess in professions that can easily be done by others. Low wages, no social benefit. It reflects the low productivity of the marginal service occupations that are barely required and can be easily replaced. ” Hitting out at left wing parties who are often   he noted: “An illegal sector distorts competition and crowds out the unemployed who are looking for the few simple jobs that remain. It is harmful and unwanted and opposed by the traditional left. ” The economist, of   background, did not stop with his criticism of left wing parties calling them an “immigration cult”. “They romanticise   …     undeclared work and wage dumping and have now begun to argue that the economy ‘needs’ a   subclass. ” He then accused the left of creating a new class of poor, something that Sweden has attempted to fight through social programmes for decades. “Cultural Left’s new slogan can be summarised as ‘We want what the United States has! ’” he said, comparing the mantra to those in the U. S. who claim that without illegal migrants, the economy would collapse. Mass migration and its effect on the economy has been the subject of a book by Sanandaji entitled Mass Challenge. The book became controversial in some circles in Sweden including a library which refused to stock the book claiming it was promoting racism. Economists across Europe have spoken out against the purported economic benefits of mass migration. Economist Johan Javeus claimed that migrants were a “ticking time bomb” in Sweden which will harm the Swedish economy. In Germany, the Institute for Employment Research (IAB) wrote a report claiming that mass migration would likely harm   economic growth rather than improve it. Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart. com",0
16491,Bruce Springsteen Rips ’Con Man’ Trump in Protest Song,"Bruce Springsteen blasts President Donald Trump as a “con man” and calls his administration “crooks” in a new protest song released this week. [“That’s What Makes Us Great” is a joint effort between The Boss and frequent collaborator Joe Grushecky and the Houserockers.  “Don’t tell me a   And sell it as a   I’ve been down that road   And I ain’t going back,” Springsteen sings on the track, which was released Wednesday morning on Grushecky’s website. “Don’t you brag to   That you never read a   I never put my   In a con man and his crooks,” the song continues. Grushecky  —   whose 1995 album American Babylon was produced by Springsteen  —   told the Pittsburgh   that he’d written the song before the Boss got involved. Springsteen reportedly sent his part to the   musician over the Internet. “I had this song, and Bruce and I had been talking. I sent it to him and he liked it,” Grushecky told the paper. “I said, ‘What do you think about singing on it?’ He gave it the Bruce treatment. ” Springsteen was vocal supporter of former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and a fierce critic of Trump during the 2016 campaign. In September, the    E Street Band leader called Trump a “moron” in an interview with Rolling Stone. “The republic is under siege by a moron, basically. The whole thing is tragic,” he said. “Without overstating it, it’s a tragedy for our democracy. When you start talking about elections being rigged, you’re pushing people beyond democratic governance. And it’s a very, very dangerous thing to do. ” On the eve of the election, Springsteen performed at a   campaign rally for Clinton in Philadelphia, where he predicted Trump and his campaign were “going down. ” “Let’s all do our part so that we can look back on 2016 and say, ‘We stood with Hillary Clinton on the right side of history,’” he said then.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
16492,Gary Johnson’s ‘What Is Aleppo’ Flub Amplifies Skepticism of Republicans - The New York Times,"When he accepted the Libertarian Party’s nomination in May, Gary Johnson told delegates that he was ready to peel away votes from the Republican and Democratic candidates, potentially catapulting a party on the fringe of American politics onto the presidential debate stage and, with luck, to the White House. But nearly four months later, Mr. Johnson’s presidential chances appear shaky. The former Republican governor of New Mexico is polling around 10 percent nationally, healthy for a   candidate, but below the 15 percent threshold required to be included in presidential debates. And on Thursday, Mr. Johnson’s credibility suffered a blow when he fumbled over a question about the crisis in Syria, asking an MSNBC commentator, “What is Aleppo?” The challenges facing Mr. Johnson’s bid go beyond a mental   and reflect the deeply entrenched obstacles that   and independent candidates face when running for president. On the surface, the low approval ratings for Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump present a prime opportunity for a candidate like Mr. Johnson, who is socially liberal and fiscally conservative. Even so, that intriguing blend of policies has made it difficult for the Libertarian ticket, which includes William F. Weld, the former Republican governor of Massachusetts, to attract stray Democrats or disenchanted Republicans in large numbers. “He’s had issues coalescing the   Republican crowd, partially because it’s a mix of social conservatives and moderates, and partly because at times he’s seemed more keen on appealing to the Bernie bros,” said Tim Miller, a Republican and a former aide to Jeb Bush, referring to the supporters of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. Mr. Miller opposes Mr. Trump and is considering voting for the Libertarian ticket this year. Mr. Miller added that Mr. Johnson’s flub about Aleppo did not make him a riskier bet on foreign policy matters than is Mr. Trump. But, he said, it does highlight the problem that many Republicans have with Libertarians. “It reinforces my top policy difference with him, which is his relative isolationism” on foreign affairs, he said. While prominent Republicans often speak highly of Mr. Johnson and Mr. Weld, few big names have come forward to formally endorse him. Mr. Johnson drew criticism from some Republicans last week when he took issue with the expression “illegal immigrant,” and his views on fully legalizing marijuana remain out of step with mainstream politics. Still, Mr. Johnson’s supporters have expressed hope that   sentiment could help propel the Libertarians this year. On social media, many of Mr. Johnson’s backers say they hope that Senator Jeff Flake, the Arizona Republican who has had a public  feud with Mr. Trump, might get behind the Libertarian ticket, but so far they have had no luck converting him. In June, Senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska expressed interest in the Libertarian Party, but later said that Mr. Johnson’s positions on abortion, religious liberty and national security were deal breakers. Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican nominee who has showered praise on Mr. Weld, pushed publicly this week for the Libertarians to be allowed in the debates. Still, he has given no sign that he will back the party’s ticket in November, even though he has said he will not vote for Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton. “The Libertarians just break too much from traditional G. O. P. orthodoxy on foreign policy and social issues to get a big amount of Republican support,” said Kyle D. Kondik of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia. The Democratic electorate has also failed to provide fertile ground for the Libertarians, despite the lingering disappointment among some who supported Mr. Sanders. Jill Stein, the Green Party nominee, has drawn some Sanders backers, and Mr. Johnson’s position in favor of free trade is out of step with most Democrats these days. Political analysts point to a variety of reasons   candidacies tend to flounder in the United States. A lack of exposure in the news media is often cited, as are political science theories that argue that in a    political system, voters gravitate to two mainstream parties out of fear that they would otherwise be wasting their votes. Many see the debates as the biggest obstacle for   candidates. The Commission on Presidential Debates requires that candidates invited to the three nationally televised presidential debates have an average of at least 15 percent support in five specific national polls. Mr. Johnson has said that he has no chance of winning the election without debating Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton, and his supporters argue that the poll threshold is arbitrary and too high. “In the real world, that’s just impossible,” said Richard Winger, an expert on   candidates and the editor of Ballot Access News. “That’s a real barrier. ” Stuart Stevens, a Republican strategist who has worked with Mr. Romney and Mr. Weld, said that difficulties raising money for campaign infrastructure and advertising put the Libertarians at a distinct disadvantage in reaching voters who might gravitate to their message. “Most people don’t know who Gary Johnson is,” said Mr. Stevens, adding that he remained open to voting for the candidate despite his slim chances. “He doesn’t have much of an apparatus to push him. ” Despite the hurdles, Mr. Johnson could still have a major effect on the race. Polls show him appealing to young, educated voters in states like North Carolina who might otherwise support Mrs. Clinton, and disaffected conservatives in places like Utah, where much of the traditionally Republican Mormon population is turned off by Mr. Trump. In a close election, a Libertarian ticket that is drawing   of the vote could reshape the electoral map and tilt battlegrounds in unpredictable directions. A Quinnipiac University survey released on Thursday showed Mr. Johnson pulling a big chunk of the vote in Ohio, highlighting the influence that he might have. “Gary Johnson could decide the presidential election in the Buckeye State,” said Peter A. Brown, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University poll. “He is getting 14 percent from Ohio voters, and how that cohort eventually votes could be critical in this swing state  —   and in the nation. ”",0
16493,Less Defiant Trump at The Times: ‘I Hope We Can All Get Along’ - The New York Times,"On Twitter Tuesday morning,   Donald J. Trump was the   firebrand many of his supporters adore, denouncing The New York Times as a “failing” institution that covered him inaccurately  —   “and with a nasty tone!” Eight hours later, after a lunchtime interview with editors and reporters for The Times  —   one that was briefly canceled, after Mr. Trump quarreled over the ground rules, then restored  —   the mood of the   it seemed, had mellowed. “The Times is a great, great American jewel,” Mr. Trump declared as he prepared to leave the gathering in the newspaper’s   boardroom, where portraits of former presidents adorn the walls. “A world jewel,” added Mr. Trump, who was seated next to Arthur Sulzberger Jr. the paper’s publisher. “And I hope we can all get along. ” In an extraordinary   meeting  —   parrying, debating and, at times, joking with the leaders of a publication that has long been an object of Mr. Trump’s fascination and frustration  —   the  ’s chameleonlike approach to the news media was on full display. Mr. Trump is inclined to label himself aggrieved and betrayed by a “dishonest” news media, barring some reporters from his rallies and claiming that news outlets were trying to rig the election. Only a day earlier, Mr. Trump assailed the nation’s most prominent television news anchors and producers in a tense meeting at Trump Tower. But the   who arrived at The Times on Tuesday was more solicitous and measured, a handshaking businessman intent on finding common ground. He dismissed his earlier talk of strengthening libel laws, telling the assembled journalists, “I think you’ll be O. K. ” He expressed interest in improving his relationship with the paper, saying, “I think it would make the job I am doing much easier. ” “To me,” Mr. Trump said at one point, “it would be a great achievement if I could come back here in a year or two, and have a lot of folks here say, ‘You’ve done a great job. ’” Since his younger days as a Manhattan arriviste, Mr. Trump has cultivated a talent for both courting and condemning the press  —   sometimes in the same breath. The gossip columnist Liz Smith recalled Mr. Trump once threatening to buy her newspaper  —   “in order to have the pleasure of firing me”  —   before warmly inviting her to his wedding. It was clear on Tuesday, however, that any new conciliatory approach toward the news media would have its limits. “I think I’ve been treated very rough,” Mr. Trump said, as he spent the first several minutes of the session criticizing The Times’s coverage. “I’ve been treated extremely unfairly, in a sense, in a true sense. ” “I will say The Times is about the roughest of all,” Mr. Trump said. Then, referring to his relationship with the paper, he added: “I would like to turn it around. I think it would make the job I am doing much easier. ” The   had sounded less gracious Tuesday morning when he abruptly called off his meeting at The Times in a Twitter post, contending that the paper had changed its terms for how the conversation could be reported. A Times spokeswoman, Eileen Murphy, said the paper had made no such changes, and said that Mr. Trump’s team requested on Monday that the meeting be off the record  —   a request The Times declined. Three people with knowledge of Mr. Trump’s deliberations said that Reince Priebus, the incoming White House chief of staff, had tried to scuttle the meeting at The Times by telling Mr. Trump, erroneously, that the newspaper was shifting its terms. Mr. Priebus had been among those urging the   to cancel his interview because he could face questions he might not be prepared to answer, these people said. (A spokesman for Mr. Trump declined to comment on Mr. Priebus’s role.) By midmorning, the meeting was back on, with both sides confirming that Mr. Trump and members of his staff would attend. The meeting coincided with the paper’s annual State of The Times address as the publisher and top executives presented the company’s strategy, Secret Service agents patrolled The Times’s lobby, which filled with people, including a throng of photographers, in anticipation of Mr. Trump’s arrival. Before the lunch, Mr. Trump met privately for about 15 minutes with Mr. Sulzberger, a meeting that Ms. Murphy described as short and cordial. At lunch  —   where salmon, beef tenderloin and squash were on the menu, although the   and many of the journalists did not eat  —   Mr. Trump seemed unconcerned about criticism of Breitbart News, the   conservative website that embraced his candidacy and whose former chairman, Stephen K. Bannon, is now his chief strategist. Breitbart, which features articles about violent migrants in Europe, has warned of a wave of “   crime,” and has been denounced as racist,   and xenophobic. Mr. Trump called it “just a newspaper, essentially. ” Pressed about the concerns of   Jewish groups and others about Breitbart’s coverage under Mr. Bannon, Mr. Trump seemed to sidestep the question. “Breitbart really is a news organization that has become quite successful,” Mr. Trump said. “It’s got readers, and it does cover subjects on the right, but it covers subjects on the left also. It’s a pretty big thing. ” The final question of the lunch carried implications for every news outlet that plans to cover the administration of a man who has boasted that he would change laws to make it easier for Americans to sue for libel: Is a President Trump committed to the First Amendment? “Oh, I was hoping he wasn’t going to ask that,” Mr. Trump replied with a smile. “Actually,” the   added, “somebody said to me on that, they said, ‘You know, it’s a great idea softening up those laws, but you may get sued a lot more.’ I said, ‘You know, you’re right, I never thought of that. ’” “I think you’ll be O. K.,” Mr. Trump added, suggesting that he would not modify libel laws, although he did not offer a definitive stance one way or the other. By Tuesday evening, Mr. Trump had not yet posted on Twitter his opinion of how things went at The Times. But during the lunch, he made a confession: He remains a regular reader. “I do read it  —   unfortunately,” the   said. “I’d live about 20 years longer if I didn’t. ”",0
16494,"Colombia and FARC Sign New Peace Deal, This Time Skipping Voters - The New York Times","The Colombian government and the country’s main rebel group signed a new peace deal on Thursday, hoping to salvage the accords and skip the ballot box after voters rejected the agreement in a referendum the month before. If the ceremony had a sense of familiarity, it was because it had all been done before this year. In late September, the rebels  —   Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC  —   and the government pledged a new start at a signing ceremony before world leaders in the port town of Cartagena after a   of war. But on Oct. 2, only days after the signing, Colombians took to the polls for a referendum on the peace deal and knocked it down by a slim margin. In another twist, President Juan Manuel Santos was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize later that week, with the judges urging him to not let the agreement slip out of reach. Hence, the need for a  . “On signing this agreement, as president of all Colombians, I want to invite all, with an open mind and open heart, to give peace a chance,” Mr. Santos said at the ceremony, held in a theater in Bogotá, the capital. Rodrigo Londoño, the top commander of the rebels, also spoke at the signing and asked Colombians to forgive the group for crimes during the conflict. He urged the government to enact the peace agreement swiftly. This time, however, Mr. Santos will not be calling on voters to weigh in. Instead of facing another referendum, the accords will now head to the country’s Congress, where Mr. Santos’s governing coalition holds a majority, making approval far more likely. Mr. Santos’s rivals accused him of rushing through the new agreement without letting them revise it. Álvaro Uribe, the former president who led the campaign against the deal, said the modified accords did not do enough to punish the rebels, particularly for drug trafficking crimes. “I would say these are serious subjects  —   why didn’t they want to modify them?” he said this week. Since the rebuke by voters, Mr. Santos’s government has shuttled between the conservative political leaders who campaigned against the deal and the Marxist rebels who have spent years negotiating with the government from Havana and were waiting to start new lives as civilians. The revised agreement, Mr. Santos has argued, addresses both of their concerns. The new deal sets clearer protections for countryside landowners, as the government establishes a greater presence in rural areas and gives judges more latitude in cases involving rebel drug trafficking, changes that conservatives had pushed for. It also bans the rebels from running in certain newly created congressional districts in postconflict zones. But the accords stopped short of the demands of some “no” voters, many of whom wanted the government to bar those involved in war crimes from any political participation. And the new deal did not open the door to tough prison sentences for rebels, which the government said would be a nonstarter for the rebels. Cynthia J. Arnson, who directs the Latin America program at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, a   think tank, said the new agreement made significant nods to those who voted against its previous iteration. Now, she said, the government faces the daunting task of rebuilding postconflict Colombia. “As difficult and winding as the path has been to the final accord, it’s always the case that implementation of an agreement is 10 times harder than the actual negotiation,” she said of ending the   war that left an estimated 200, 000 people dead. Before the referendum, months of polling had predicted a wide margin of victory for the agreement, creating such a sense of confidence that the government held its first public signing before the vote took place. But, lulled by the polls, the government failed to drive Colombians to the ballot box, resulting in anemic turnout in places that favored the deal. Mr. Santos had staked his legacy on achieving peace, but his approval ratings were so low at the time that his endorsement may have actually hurt the deal’s chances. On top of that came Hurricane Matthew, which drenched the northern coastal areas supportive of the deal, leading many to stay home. But for many other Colombians, the deal failed on substance. The agreement had always been a tug of war between peace and justice, and in the end, the demand for justice won. Many Colombians were enraged that the government struck a deal in which most    FARC fighters would be able to walk free, while those who committed war crimes would face reduced sentences. The new agreement was announced in Havana this month, with negotiators contending that it addressed a range of topics, including how courts might address drug trafficking offenses, that had troubled voters.",0
16495,The Playlist: The xx Return in a Brighter Mood - The New York Times,"Every Friday, pop critics for The New York Times weigh in on the week’s most notable new songs and videos  —   and anything else that strikes them as intriguing. You can listen to this playlist on Spotify here. Like this Playlist? Let us know at theplaylist@nytimes. com, and sign up for our Louder newsletter (coming soon!) here. Pop minimalism inhabits a sliding scale, as the xx seem determined to illustrate. “On Hold” is the lead single from its third album, “I See You,” set for release in January. It opens in churchly quiet, with Romy Madley Croft and Oliver Sim exchanging rueful intimacies about the end of a love affair. “When and where did we go cold?” moans Mr. Sim. “I thought I had you on hold. ” None of this is a stretch. But then the texture of the track opens up: an   beat burbles up, a bass line kicks in, and wait, is that a digitally manipulated sample of Hall and Oates? (Why yes, of course.) Jamie xx has been working in this vein as a D. J. and solo artist, and it’s promising to consider what it could mean for the group as it moves ahead. NATE CHINEN “Boy you shoulda got me   you shoulda held the door”: exasperation is perhaps Bibi Bourelly’s peak mode, and it is bracing on the seething “Flowers,” from her new    EP “Free the Real (Pt. #2). ” Ms. Bourelly, who has written songs for Rihanna and is still coming into her own as performer, can be unsteady  —   not in a performed way, but in the manner of someone who knows her destiny is to drive a beautiful tank but is still learning how to finesse the gears. Or maybe she never will: On “Perfect,” a duet with the   Earl St. Clair, she dismantles regressive standards of beauty and  : JON CARAMANICA One of the most formally ambitious, eerily pertinent albums to emerge in recent weeks was “Real Enemies,” by the ultramodern big band known as Darcy James Argue’s Secret Society. An adaptation of a multimedia piece presented at the Brooklyn Academy of Music last year, it traffics brilliantly in the syntax of American conspiracy theories, drawing from historical episodes, speculative fiction and the political writing of Richard Hofstadter and others. Depending on your state of mind this week, it could be just what you need to hear or precisely the opposite either way, it’s sure to strike a chord. And while the piece is meant to be digested whole, it’s possible to find meaning in a single track  —   like “Apocalypse Is a Process,” which begins with a disquieting stir of flutes and woodwinds, and then features a fine tenor saxophone solo by Sam Sadigursky, along with a sampled voice making a remark both urgent and cryptic: “We can’t wait any longer. ” N. C. Look, maybe you just want to watch Shia LaBeouf freestyle for four minutes in which he boasts about replacing Tom Hanks, calls himself “Jewish ’Pac to this music with a twist of Whitman,” takes shots at Lil Yachty and announces, “Truth is, I’m a true   white kid with B. I. G. in a Coogi tatted to me. ” And, hey, no judgment  —   comedy heals. J. C. Because what the world needs now is a gleaming   track from Giorgio Moroder. Because the vocal performance, by Karen Harding, is soulful and sure. Because there’s something touchingly upbeat about the main hook in the chorus: “Sometimes it feels like you’re too good for me. ” N. C. “Haven’t seen my ex since we broke   ‘cause he didn’t want to grow up,” Rena Lovelis, the lead singer of Hey Violet, sings at the top of the sinister single “Guys My Age. ” But then comes the twist: “Now I’m out here wearing something    get attention from a  . ” For the last couple of years, pop by young women has been tacking toward resistance  —   to gender norms, to the male gaze, to entrenched sexism. “Guys My Age” stands on the shoulders of those songs, embracing their mood, their musical approach  —   groaning, gloomy synthesized pop  —   and puts it in service of sexual authority, a whole different way of dismissing ignorance. J. C. The personal and the universal were already partly entwined on “Love Me Now,” the current single by John Legend. It’s a pledge of loving devotion, his specialty, that brushes against larger uncertainties. “I don’t know who’s gonna kiss you when I’m gone,” he sings in the chorus. “So I’m gonna love you now, like it’s all I have. ” Gone where? He doesn’t say exactly, but the tension in the song has to do with forces outside his control. Now a video for the song, directed by Nabil Elderkin, amplifies the idea: There’s Mr. Legend on a couch, singing to his wife, Chrissy Teigen, and their young daughter. But there, too, are couples against more troubled backdrops, like the Standing Rock Reservation in North Dakota and a refugee camp in northern Iraq. The core message  —   love is universal, and all the more crucial in a difficult time  —   seems likely to resonate elsewhere on Mr. Legend’s next album, “Darkness and Light,” due on Dec. 2. N. C. Here is something offhandedly great: a club recording from Mike Watt’s first solo tour, in 1995. Mr. Watt, the punk workhorse and former bassist in the Minutemen, was working with material from “  or tugboat?”  —   his debut album, crowded with cameos from the postpunk and   scenes. The tour recreated those conditions, mainly putting him in an   power trio with Eddie Vedder on guitar and Dave Grohl on drums. (Mr. Grohl, then recently of Nirvana, had brought his new band, the Foo Fighters, on tour as an opening act Mr. Vedder, best known as Pearl Jam’s frontman, was there with another opener, Hovercraft.) The set has a looseness that squares well with its low center of gravity it’s satisfying just to hear Mr. Grohl and Mr. Watt lock into a heavy groove. But there’s also a   quality to these songs, which valorize underground notions of integrity. Consider “Against the ’70s,” with an impassioned guest vocal by Mr. Vedder: “Baby boomers, selling you rumors of their history,” he sings. “Forcing youth away from the truth of what’s real today. ” N. C. In its original incarnation, on the most recent Coldplay album, “Everglow” is a piano ballad tastefully padded with sonic accouterments: electric bass, pealing guitars, stark and unobtrusive drums. The song has now been further pruned, to something resembling an unplugged solo performance by Chris Martin, on piano and vocals. Still, it wouldn’t be a Coldplay single without some earnest flicker of grandiosity, so here too is Muhammad Ali, talking in 1977. “We need somebody in the world to help us all make peace,” he says, referring to the example he hopes to set for himself. N. C. Julian Lage is a guitarist with spring in his step, the sort of improvising musician who radiates ease and good feeling even on tricky terrain. And he’s in emblematic form on “Live in Los Angeles,” a   digital album now on iTunes and Apple Music. Recorded in June at the Blue Whale, it features Mr. Lage’s trio with Scott Colley on bass and Kenny Wollesen on drums  —   the same players heard on “Arclight,” a studio album released this spring. Rather than an acoustic or   guitar, Mr. Lage works in this trio with a Telecaster, which brings more grit and bite to his sound. His playing on “Nocturne,” a country waltz, puts him in roughly the same county as Bill Frisell, but with a touch and temperament entirely his own. N. C.",0
16496,Facebook Shareholders Demand Report On Fake News - Breitbart,"Facebook shareholders have demanded a report on   fake news and the apparent threat it poses to democracy and free speech, according to a proxy filing made on Friday. [The proposal argues that Facebook was in part responsible for the fake news epidemic that leftists claim is gripping the United States, as it provides “a financial mechanism supporting fabricated content” online. Suggested areas for the report to cover include how Facebook evaluates claims made in posts and how their strategy affects free speech.  One part of the proposal highlighted some of the reasons why they believed the report was needed: Facebook is highly vulnerable, as fake news promoters are spamming their way to visibility for fake news through strategically gaming Facebook’s algorithms and publishing platform  …     In light of the societal crisis generated by the explosion of fake news and related hate speech, failure to effectively manage this issue creates public policy risk. Facebook’s board of directors has recommended a vote against the proposal, along with shutting down another that would compel Facebook to disclose the pay gap between male and female employees. This may come as a surprise to some, as Facebook has recently been cracking down on accounts deemed to be spreading spam or fake news. On Friday, Facebook announced it was purging a “substantial number” of accounts, created largely in South Asian countries that were spamming users. On the more political side of fake news, 30, 000 accounts linked to France were targeted ahead of their upcoming Presidential election as part of an effort to “reduce the spread of material generated through inauthentic activity, including spam, misinformation, or other deceptive content that is often shared by creators of fake accounts. ” Facebook has also enlisted the help of partisan “ ” organizations Snopes and Politifact, introducing warning labels on stories deemed to be fake news. Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can like his page on Facebook and follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard_ or on Gab @JH.",0
16497,Russia to test new anti-tank guided missiles in Syria,"RBTH Daily , syria , aviation , missiles Ka-52K attack helicopters. Source: Yuri Smityuk / TASS 
Ka-52K attack helicopters deployed on the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier will test-fire test the latest Hermes extreme-range anti-tank guided missiles for the first time in Syria in the battle with Islamic State, the daily newspaper Izvestiya has reported . 
""Tests in a combat environment will help finalize the missile system, which should become a standard weapon for Russia's Alligator military helicopters,"" the newspaper said, citing a source in the Russian military-industrial complex. ""It was decided to test the Hermes in more difficult, shipborne air operations."" What is the Hermes and what is it for? 
According to Izvestiya, owing to the new weapon, the Ka-52K will be able to destroy enemy tanks, fortifications and manpower at a distance of 30 km (20 miles). The range of similar Russian and foreign systems (Ataka, Vikhr, Hellfire, and others) is less than 10 km. 
According to Viktor Litovkin, a retired colonel and military expert for the TASS news agency, the Hermes will be used to attack well-protected militant targets – arms and IED production facilities as well as command posts and temporary firing points. 
""Based on its combat use, it will be decided whether to send the system back for revision or to adopt it,"" said Litovkin. Features of the Hermes 
As experts interviewed by RBTH noted, the missile's key feature is the ability to track and destroy over-the-horizon targets. Due to its infrared homing and laser guidance capabilities, it can hit enemy armored vehicles autonomously, even if they are out of sight of the helicopter crew. 
""Similar tactical tasks can be performed by Israel's Spike-NLOS system, which is mounted on a wheeled chassis. However, Russia's Hermes can be deployed on ground tracked vehicles as well as on helicopters and ships. Ours is more universal,"" a source in the Russian Defense Ministry said in an interview with RBTH. Defense Minister: Russian arms pass Syria test, but there are problems 
According to the source, the official data on the missile will be provided after its adoption. 
""Now we can only say that its range is much greater than that of foreign anti-tank systems, the farthest of which hits targets 10 km away,"" said the RBTH source. 
He added that the missile can be equipped with either a cumulative or high-explosive warhead. The shipborne Ka-52 
The Ka-52 Katran attack helicopters were created for the French Mistral-class amphibious assault ships. 
However, according to Vadim Kozyulina, a professor of the Academy of Military Science, Francois Hollande had to terminate the contract for the supply of the ships to Russia under pressure from NATO allies. Eventually, the Mistrals were acquired by Egypt, and immediately thereafter Cairo purchased a batch of 50 Russian Katrans from Moscow. 
It was decided to deploy the remaining helicopters on the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier, and they will have their ""baptism of fire"" at the end of the year. 
As Kozyulina noted, the ""ground"" version of the Ka-52 has proved to be successful in the Syrian campaign. The new machines will also have to demonstrate their combat potential to future buyers. 
Video by YouTube 
The helicopters can use P-73 and Igla-V air-to-air missiles, unguided air-to-surface missiles and Hermes anti-tank guided missiles. Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list Facebook",0
16498,Scotland Votes to Demand a Post-‘Brexit’ Independence Referendum - The New York Times,"LONDON  —   Only hours before Britain is to embark on its momentous journey out of the European Union, Scotland’s Parliament on Tuesday underscored one of the risks along that path by voting to demand a new referendum on Scottish independence. By a vote of 69 to 59, members of the Scottish Parliament in Edinburgh approved plans to request a referendum on independence that could take place just before Britain completes its withdrawal from the European Union, a process known as Brexit. That timing has already been rejected by Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain, who must agree to any legally binding referendum on Scotland’s future. Nevertheless, the Scottish Parliament’s vote sets the stage for a constitutional tussle between London and Edinburgh, and it illustrates the   and destabilizing, consequences of Britain’s divisive decision in June to withdraw from the European Union. In that referendum, 52 percent of voters chose to leave the European Union. But Scotland voted, 62 percent to 38 percent, to remain in the bloc, illustrating a divergence between Scottish and English politics that poses an existential risk to Britain. In Northern Ireland, too, a majority voted to remain in the European Union, amid fears that a withdrawal could weaken the peace process there. The Scottish vote came on the eve of a historic day for a British government intent on disentangling itself from more than four decades of European integration. On Wednesday, Mrs. May is expected to send formal notification of Britain’s desire to leave the bloc by invoking Article 50 of its governing treaty. Late Tuesday, Mrs. May’s office issued a photograph of the prime minister signing the letter its delivery will start the clock on a negotiation scheduled to last two years. During that time, Mrs. May aims to agree to divorce terms and to negotiate a new economic relationship with the countries that remain in the European Union. In a speech that she is expected to deliver on Wednesday, she will argue that as Britons “face the opportunities ahead of us on this momentous journey, our shared values, interests and ambitions can  —   and must  —   bring us together,” according to excerpts issued by her office. Mrs. May will also promise that, in negotiations, she will “represent every person in the whole United Kingdom,” including citizens of countries in the European Union who have made Britain their home. As she embarks on the talks to leave the bloc, Mrs. May knows that one of her many challenges is to secure a deal that helps avert a breakup of Britain. But because of her control over the timing, a referendum on Scottish independence is unlikely to happen anytime soon. The vote on Tuesday empowers Scotland’s   first minister, Nicola Sturgeon, to formally request a referendum, but she already knows Mrs. May’s answer: not now. The British government plans to withhold agreement at least until it has secured its departure from the bloc, scheduled for the first half of 2019. On Tuesday, David Mundell, the British government’s Scottish secretary, seemed to push the timetable further by saying that government “won’t be entering into any negotiations at all until the Brexit process is complete. ” That hints at a date beyond the British withdrawal and after any further transitional period, perhaps several years later. Nevertheless, Britain’s vote has given Ms. Sturgeon’s governing Scottish National Party a reason to demand another independence referendum, less than three years after it lost the last one in 2014. At that time, Scots were told that if they voted to leave Britain, they would lose their place in the European Union. They may now lose it anyway. Ms. Sturgeon argued that Scots should have the right to choose between Brexit “or becoming an independent country, able to chart our own course and create a true partnership of equals across these islands. ” Ms. Sturgeon argues that the shape of any Brexit deal should be known by autumn 2018. Scots should then have the opportunity to try, through independence, to stay in the European Union, or at least in its single market and customs union, she has said. But with London intent on blocking a referendum anytime soon, Ms. Sturgeon’s best hope may be for Mrs. May’s stalling tactics to backfire  —   annoying Scots enough to persuade a majority to support independence if they finally have the chance to vote.",0
16499,10 tips to improve your life #117,"Next Swipe left/right 10 tips to improve your life #117 
Together with Twop Twips we present you with another ten totally useless tips to help you live your life to the full. 
1.",0
16500,Protest against Bahraini king's visit to Downing Street squashed by police,"Wed, 26 Oct 2016 21:10 UTC © Jonathan Ernst / Reuters The Kingdom of Bahrain's authoritarian ruler King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa visited British Prime Minister Theresa May at Downing Street on Wednesday, despite outcry from human rights and anti-arms trade groups. The Gulf regime is a close ally of both the UK and Saudi Arabia, as well as being a major UK arms customer, and is currently bearing much of the cost for building the Royal Navy's new Mina Salman naval base. Human rights groups have highlighted widespread abuses committed by Bahraini government forces against pro-democracy activists during the 2011 Arab Spring. The king's visit was met with protests by the Bahrain Institute for Rights and Democracy, and Campaign against the Arms Trade (CAAT) on Wednesday afternoon. Two activists were escorted away by police. Already in 2016, senior British Royals, who are known for their closeness to the Gulf monarchies, have been criticized for meeting the Bahraini monarchy both in the UK and during trips to the nation. The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall will soon visit Bahrain on behalf of the UK government, despite long-standing concerns over human rights abuses and UK arms sales. In April, a report for the Foreign Affairs Select Committee blasted Bahrain's record on human rights abuses, not least during the violent crushing of Arab Spring protests with the direct support of another controversial UK ally, Saudi Arabia. The report also argued that human rights had effectively been downgraded by the UK government in a bid to shore up relations with the authoritarian state, which enjoys arms trading and security arrangements with Britain. A broad campaign is currently underway, including MPs, to put a halt to UK arms sales to the Saudi regime in light of repeated reports of war crimes in its UK-assisted aerial bombing campaign in Yemen. Comment: More on UK's close relationship with Bahrain:",0
16501,Activism Hits Even the Less Flashy Tech Companies - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   As soon as President Trump signed his executive order on immigration, some of the biggest tech companies went quiet. Their executives did not sign legal briefs, brandish statements or dissent on Twitter. They strove for business as usual. This was the older, stodgier, less glamorous part of the tech universe. These executives are generally not household names. Most of the companies have little presence in the excitable consumer marketplace. Some are government contractors. Their workers tend to be more settled, less tempted by cool  . Despite the companies’ sizable employment, the spotlight is not on them. Among these firms are IBM, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Qualcomm, Cisco, Dell and Oracle. When 127 companies signed an amicus brief last week in a Seattle court that said the executive order “violates the immigration laws and the Constitution,” none of these six firms were on the list. Yet even at some of these companies, there are stirrings of defiance. In a few   cases, workers have noisily quit. Many more have chosen to remain but are agitating for an explicit corporate morality even as Mr. Trump considers a new executive order on immigration. They want their companies to make clear not only what they support but also, perhaps even more important, what lines they will not cross. The activist push is being driven in significant measure by women, who are still fighting for their due in a   industry. But in an unlikely twist, the chief executives they are trying to influence at two major companies are female. At IBM, a petition has been circulating that proclaims, “We have a moral and business imperative to uphold the pillars of a free society by declining any projects which undermine liberty. ” The organizers say nearly 1, 000 verified employees have signed. This is a delicate subject for big tech companies, none more than Big Blue. Mr. Trump during the campaign explored the idea of a Muslim database, although his remarks were inconclusive. IBM’s   technology, as detailed by the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, was used by the Nazis in 1939 to do a census. That data, in turn, led directly to Adolf Eichmann’s Jewish Registry. At Oracle, the Silicon Valley database giant whose first customer was the Central Intelligence Agency, three young women  —   none of whom has worked there for more than a handful of months  —   started a petition last week to encourage the company to join the amicus brief. Hundreds of Oracle employees have signed it. “In some instances it is notable for a company to take a stand on an issue,” said one of the women, Irene Scher, a regional vice president of sales. “In this case, it’s notable not to have taken a stand. ” A   executive of Oracle, Safra Catz, and the chief executive of IBM, Virginia Rometty, became advisers to Mr. Trump during the transition. “I know that you are committed to help America’s economy grow in ways that are good for all its people,” Ms. Rometty wrote to him in November. Ms. Catz said in December, “We are with him and will help in any way we can. ” The three friends who created the Oracle petition joined the company in August, when it acquired the company they worked for, Opower. They emphasize they are not at odds with their employer. “This isn’t a criticism of Oracle,” said one of them, Rachel Kane, a sales executive at Oracle Utilities. “We’re giving them visibility into how individuals at the company feel. ” Oracle declined to comment. Both petitions echo the Never Again pledge, which nearly 3, 000 tech workers publicly committed to during eight days in December. Signers agreed not to participate in the creation of any government database that would target individuals based on race, religion or national origin. Five of the nine people listed on NeverAgain. tech as having worked to create the pledge, including the lead organizer, are women. Cauvery Patel, a corporate strategy associate at IBM, said she believed “workplaces have a responsibility to society  —   to the clients we serve, the employees we hire and the citizens who are impacted by our decisions. ” She said IBM had been “progressive” in encouraging women’s participation in technology and on other issues, but had not delivered on the immigration ban. “IBM’s decision not to actively stand up to the Trump administration and condemn this policy is extremely disturbing,” she said. At Hewlett Packard Enterprise, employees have been asking why it did not sign the amicus brief. Meg Whitman, the chief executive, responded Friday that “simply, we were not contacted to participate. ” She indicated the company would be taking a more assertive role: “You can expect to see us add our voice. ” Dell and Cisco declined to comment. Qualcomm did not respond to a request for comment. The internal debate at some of the big tech companies revolves around the question of engagement: Can you persuade more from the inside than the outside? The   position has been expressed by Elon Musk, the chief executive of Tesla and SpaceX and a member of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. In a handful of cases, people have said they are canceling new Teslas because they view him as working for the president. “Activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise President, not fewer,” Mr. Musk responded on Twitter. “How could having only extremists advise him possibly be good?” Mr. Musk said he had made sure that the travel ban was discussed “first and foremost” at a Feb. 3 White House meeting. A spokeswoman said no further details were available. The answer did not satisfy everyone. As one critic replied to Mr. Musk on Twitter: “You are not advising Trump, you are giving him cover and validating his nonsense. You can do more good by taking a stand. Please. ” IBM released a statement that said Ms. Rometty had “conveyed the company’s views directly to the president and the secretary of Homeland Security” on Feb. 3, “including suggestions for how technology can help to promote both national security and lawful immigration. ” Ed Barbini, vice president for corporate communications at IBM, said no further details were available. He noted that the company said in December that it would never participate in the building of a Muslim registry. He declined to comment on the petition. When a small group of IBM employees was drawing up the petition in November, it debated including a reference to the Nazis. IBM maintains that the accounts of its role in Hitler’s regime are overblown and incendiary. The employees decided to refer to the episode obliquely but focus on a more positive example  —   the company president Thomas J. Watson Jr. ’s Policy Letter No. 4, which resisted   policies in the South in the 1950s. “Watson sacrificed   business interests in order to be on the right side of history, something IBM takes pride in today,” the petition says. Daniel Hanley, one of the organizers, said the goal was “to build an organization inside the company that can hold IBM accountable to our values, and serve as a model for tech workers at other companies. ” George A. Polisner, who worked in cloud services at Oracle, took his stand in December. He posted a resignation letter on LinkedIn, saying that unlike Ms. Catz, he was not there to “help” Mr. Trump. “When his policies border on the unconstitutional, the criminal and the morally unjust,” he wrote, “I am here to oppose him in every possible and legal way. ” That was on a Monday. Mr. Polisner told his boss that he would work through Friday. After the letter became public, Mr. Polisner was fired immediately. At 56, he said, he probably would have worked at Oracle for a few more years if politics had not intervened. “There are different ways to influence,” Mr. Polisner said. “It’s a personal decision. I chose this one. ” Ms. Scher at Oracle and her friends chose another. “We all participated in the Women’s March,” she said. “I think it’s possible we’re feeling a heightened sense of civic responsibility. ”",0
16502,“Weinergate”,"https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/weinergate/ 
The name given to the latest Clinton Crime Family brouhaha by a Baltimore radio talk show host. 6:46 am on October 31, 2016",0
16503,More Than Coffee: New York’s Vanishing Diner Culture - The New York Times,"For the past 25 years  —   since the divorce  —   I’ve lived a good part of my life in diners. Without them I might be slimmer, but also crazier and more unhappy. Judging by the crowds at the Metro Diner, on 100th Street and Broadway, my current haunt, I suspect that other New Yorkers feel the same way. To say that the Metro has become my second home would be too vague and sentimental. Better to use the sociological term “the third place” (home and work being the first two) or to quote Robert Frost, the place “where, when you have to go   They have to take you in. ” American coffee shops, like English pubs, Viennese coffee houses and Greek kaffenions, tend to engender klatches, informal clubs. At the old Key West Diner on 94th Street and Broadway, now known as the Manhattan Diner, the laughter of the comedian Anne Meara and her friends used to fill the room. And where would the sitcom classic “Seinfeld,” the idea of which was conceived in a coffee shop, have been without the regular scenes at Monk’s Café? The best days of the New York City diner, however, appear to be over. Among the 2016 casualties were the Lyric Diner in Gramercy and the    Del Rio in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, while La Parisienne near Columbus Circle and the    Market Diner in Hell’s Kitchen closed in 2015. Then there was Cafe Edison, a    coffee shop that shut in 2014 to much sadness in the Broadway community. Manhattan has certainly seen more diner closings than other boroughs. That said, with rising costs in rapidly gentrifying neighborhoods, classic diners like the Neptune and Bel Aire, both in Astoria, Queens, could soon be under threat. In Downtown Brooklyn, the building that has housed the original Junior’s Restaurant since 1950 was almost sold. But after considering several offers, the owner Alan Rosen decided that the community still needed cheesecake more than luxury  . Urban renewal, astronomical rents, changing eating habits and the preponderance of   coffee places like Starbucks have all contributed to the demise of the New York diner. There are roughly half as many as there were 20 years ago, according to records from the health department. Losing New York diner culture would probably be a watershed in the city’s history. How will New Yorkers get along without these antidotes to urban loneliness? “The coffee shop orients us here, in this city and not another,” Jeremiah Moss, of the blog Jeremiah’s Vanishing New York, said. “If we are regulars, we become known, connected, to a network of people who remain over the span of years, even decades. In the anonymous city, these ties can be lifesavers, especially for the elderly, the poor, the marginal, but also for all of us. Without them, the city becomes evermore fragmented, disorienting and unrecognizable. ” The Metro is a treasure trove of local history. It is in one of the few   buildings left in Manhattan. Built by the grocer Henry Grimm in 1871, it was bought in 1894 by the brewer Peter Doelger. He turned the ground floor into a restaurant and saloon, with families entering through the back while gentlemen drank beer in the front. (Around the same time, Mr. Doelger’s cousin Matilda married a prizefighter, John West, whose daughter Mae  —   yes, the Mae West  —   may have picked up some of her unconventional performance style from hanging around the Doelger bar.) Over the course of its existence, the Grimm building also housed a milliner’s shop, a tearoom and, in the 1950s, the rehearsal studio and offices of the   Living Theater. The sociologist Ray Oldenburg, in “The Great Good Place,” a book about diners and taverns, suggests that the past is an essential element of all third places, which are usually in older sections of cities, and in those areas “exists the fading image of the city itself and the kind of human interaction, the easy and interesting mixing of strangers that made the city what it was. ” But not only what it was. One of the charms of the Metro, and of many other diners in the city, is that the employees’ backgrounds are as varied as the languages spoken by the tourists who have found their way here. Costa Rica, Ecuador, Greece, Mexico, Poland, Romania  —   these are just a few of the countries where staff members come from. Together they constitute a microcosm of the immigrant groups that continue to arrive in New York  —   who not only made the city what it was, but the best of what it is and could be. My first diner nesting place was Harvey’s Coffee Shop on 78th and Broadway, in Manhattan, where I would order matzo ball soup and a Coke after seeing my therapist across the street. Harvey was known for his   Puerto Rican countermen and for serving deliciously seasoned chopped meat on white bread. After Harvey’s closed, I moved to the Utopia on 73rd and Amsterdam, a venerable place with a low ceiling,   murals and waiters who seemed to never age. As my thighs outgrew the narrow booths, I moved to the Central Park   at 97th and Columbus. In the 1990s, the Cafe replaced Mikell’s, a beloved jazz and    club. This was the liveliest of my hangouts. Every morning a group of retired men in baseball caps, along with a spirited Jayne Mansfield   heckled one another and batted sports statistics back and forth for hours. The music of their banter was pure Bach counterpoint. After the Cafe succumbed in 2005, I spent months looking for my next “third place. ” Diner regulars can be particular. The ambience has to be friendly but not intrusive, the sound level low but not funereal, the smell a little greasy but not cloying, and the décor more utilitarian than fussy. I eventually settled in at the Metro. Among diners, the Metro is quietly sophisticated. The décor is   Art Deco, the booths spacious. There is a generous, though tasteful, use of diner decorator staples like vinyl, Formica and chrome. Politicians, including former Gov. David A. Paterson of New York and the city comptroller, Scott M. Stringer, have been spotted in the booths. The hostess, Jenny Bello, wears outfits that could rival the wardrobe collection from    studios in the 1950s. Fanis Tsiamtsiouris, known as Frank, and Fotios Hilas own the Metro along with three other diners. They calculated that the Metro poured about 700 cups of coffee, made 150 hamburgers and used over 1, 200 eggs every day. The place opened in 1989, when Mr. Tsiamtsiouris consolidated five stores, among them a kosher butcher, a copy store and a   restaurant. Though diners are sometimes bought by other enterprising immigrants, many of the surviving ones are still owned by  . Historians differ on how and when Greek immigrants got into the business, but they agree that a growth spurt occurred right after World War II. Their story is a classic American one that combines entrepreneurs putting in long hours, families helping one another and informal associations creating a safety net of connections. “When my family came over in 1967, we had an $8, 000 debt to pay, so we all went to work,” Mr. Tsiamtsiouris said. “So first I was a cleanup guy, then busboy, then a waiter, then a manager. ” He had one uncle in the business when he started out, he recalled, and he met many other owners through Pan Gregorian, a food industry cooperative. In the back of the Metro’s long room, the area is set up with small tables for regulars like me who linger over breakfast. Rosa and Dumitra, Diana and John, and Enid and Fabiano know what we’re going to order, but pretend to let us decide. For years the unofficial queen of the Metro was Batyah Hyman, also known as Betty, a beautiful,   Swedish and South African woman who sat at the head of the room. I don’t remember how we drifted into conversation  —   probably a political issue that we disagreed about. Somehow we sensed that we could be friends, or at least “affiliated,” the way Mr. Oldenburg, the sociologist, described friendship among regulars at a place like the Metro. She lives around the corner, but Ms. Hyman no longer eats breakfast at the Metro. She drops by from time to time, and the waitress Rosa Soto babysits her grandchildren. Nobody has dared to claim her table. A few years ago, one of my oldest friends, the political scientist and philosopher Marshall Berman, died in the Metro. An eloquent writer about New York neighborhoods, I think he would have appreciated his heart’s choice of where to expire.",0
16504,Steve Harvey Hits Back after Backlash Over Trump Meeting,"Comedian and talk show host Steve Harvey pushed back against critics he says attacked him for meeting and agreeing to work with Donald Trump’s administration. [“On a personal note, a lot of ya’ll hurt me. You really did. I didn’t expect the backlash to be so fierce,” Harvey told his radio audience Monday.  “Change can only happen when we sit at the table. If we sit at the table, then we can have a say as to what’s to be eaten on the menu,” Harvey said defending his decision to work with Trump. “I have an obligation to take a seat at the table when invited. ” Harvey met with   Donald Trump on Friday at Trump Tower in Manhattan, telling reporters, “I stepped from behind my microphone and I came and talked to the guy who is going to be the 45th president. ” The Family Feud host said he found Trump “both congenial and sincere,” and announced plans to partner with Trump’s Department of Housing and Urban Development nominee Dr. Ben Carson on restoring America’s inner cities. But not everyone was supportive of Harvey’s efforts to join forces with the incoming administration. Morehouse College professor and CNN commentator Marc Lamont Hill said Harvey and other “mediocre negroes being dragged in front of TV as a  ” are allowing themselves to be “being used by folk like Donald Trump. ” “Again, his intention is just to have a seat at the table. But when you’re at the table, you should have experts at the table,” Hill added. “You should have people who can challenge the president at the table. ” Harvey, however, said Monday “If I’m going to keep getting stabbed at, then at least while you’re stabbing me, you should understand my intent for taking the meeting in the first place. ” “When I walked away, [I was] feeling like there might be a real chance for some positive to come out of what so many people think is all gloom and doom,” he said.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
16505,"Hero of Novorossiya: Honoring the death of Arsen Pavlov aka ""Motorola""","Thu, 27 Oct 2016 13:01 UTC Arsen Pavlov, or Motorola, was the leader of the Sparta battalion in the war for Donbass. The people of Novorossiya (aka the Donbass) have suffered a terrible loss. Arsen Pavlov better known to the world as Motorola was assassinated in a brutal terrorist bombing on October 16, 2016. He was a beloved commander and a hero to the people of the Donbass, to Russia, and to people all over the world who oppose the fascist junta in Ukraine and US imperialism. The murder was no doubt ordered by the empire in revenge for Russia's intervention in Syria which one year later appears to have decisively shifted the war. On every front the SAA are making advances and winning new victories especially in the battle to fully liberate Aleppo from NATO's terrorist death squads. Thankfully after the treacherous bombing at Deir Ezzor Russia was in no mood to give into the empty threats of full scale nuclear war the empire claimed it was prepared to launch in order to halt the liberation of Eastern Aleppo. Slowly the SAA are making gains on multiple fronts in Eastern Ghoutha, in Homs, in Aleppo. Arsen Pavlov was born in the Komi Republic at 15 he became an orphan and moved in with a grandmother. He joined the Russian Naval Infantry where he gained the callsign Motorola. He joined as a conscript but volunteered to reenlist and served in the 2nd Chechen War where he gained valuable experience, and they say became addicted to war. He was a bit of an adrenaline junky which added to his charisma since he was paradoxically cheerful in the most dangerous situations. He had a great sense of humor which came through even to non-russian speakers like myself but he was even more beloved in Russia and Ukraine for his hilarious narrations of the war in Ukraine. He was involved in the war in Ukraine from the start. He visited Maidan where he overheard some Ukrainian fascists saying that they would kill ten Russians for every Ukrainian they lost. He decided to join the anti-maidan movement participating in counter-protests in Eastern Ukraine in Karkov and other cities before heading to Crimea to aid the people in fulfilling their long held dream of reuniting with Russia. It was in Crimea that he met Igor Strelkov who was impressed with his military experience and cheerful daring. Thus Motorola was one of the small group of men he brought with him to Slavyansk where a handful of veterans worked with the brave locals managing keep the Ukrainian Military tied down for months allowing vital time for Donetsk and Lugansk to solidify their defenses . In Slavyansk Strelkov and Motorola would become legends. Motorola became well known early on because not only was he a brave fighter he was also a master of information war. It was Motorola who filmed many of the early battles of the war and also helped sympathetic journalists cover the war from the front lines. He well understood that the wars of today are fought not just on the battlefields but on the internet, on youtube, on social media. He helped mobilize Global support for Novorossia's war to remain independent of fascist Ukraine inspiring volunteers from around the world. He was also able wage psychological warfare on the Ukrainians using his instincts as a prankster. He managed to convince the Ukrainians that there were 300 Chechen special forces aiding the Novorossian's in the area by playing a recording of the Muslim call to prayer every day. The paranoid Ukrainians fell for it and did not dare to invade the area. Motorola would go on to fight in many of the major battles of the war. He was not one of those commanders who lead from behind. Instead Motorola often fought on the front lines with his men. How could he ask his fighters to risk their lives when he would not do the same he would explain when questioned. Thus like the legendary Mozgovoi Motorola was reported dead many times in the course of the war by the Ukrainian media always reappearing to make a mockery of such claims. To do justice to his heroic actions in the war in Ukraine would require writing a history of much of the war since he was at so many famous battles Nikolayevka Semyonuka, Ilovaisk, Debaltsevo, Donetsk. He became the commander of the Spartak Battalion and was instrumental in liberating Donetsk airport from the fascist self styled ""cyborgs."" He had a beautiful and courageous wife and three children. He was Officially declared a Hero of Novorossia and honored in Last years victory parade celebrating both the victory over fascism in ""The Great Patriotic War"" as World War 2 is known in Russia but also the victories in the 2014-2015 wars of independence that saw the NATO backed Fascist Ukrainian army and it's death squad allies thoroughly smashed. Arsen Pavlov with his wife Yelena Kolenkina Read the rest of the article here . Comment: Further reading: The commander of the Sparta battalion of the Donetsk People's Republic and famous defender of Donbass known by his callsign ""Motorola,"" Arsen Pavlov, was killed today, October 16th, by a bomb in his apartment building's elevator. The incident has been officially confirmed as an assassination carried out by Ukrainian special forces.",0
16506,"DHS John Kelly may Stop Visas, Work Permits for 50,000 Haitians - Breitbart","Homeland Security John Kelly will soon decide whether to send home roughly 50, 000 Haitians who have been living in the United States on temporary visas since 2010. [The foreign citizens will be required to go back home if Kelly agrees with an internal recommendation against renewing the Haitians’ temporary visas by their expiration date of July 22, according to USA Today.  The visas, dubbed “Temporary Protected Status,” were granted to the Haitians 2010 by former President Barack Obama, after an earthquake hit the undeveloped island. Since then, Haitians’ TPS status has been extended multiple times by DHS, which also stopped repatriating illegal alien to Haiti in 2010. However, DHS officials began returning Haitian illegal aliens home in 2016, giving Kelly a Democratic precedent to end the TPS extensions. “Removal flights from the United States to Haiti have now resumed,” Obama’s DHS secretary, Jeh Johnson, said in a November 2016 statement. “In the last several weeks ICE has removed over 200 Haitian nationals and plans to significantly expand removal operations in the coming weeks. ” According to USA Today: James McCament, acting director of U. S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, concluded in a letter last week that conditions in Haiti have improved enough to end “temporary protected status” for Haitians, according to a copy of the letter obtained by USA TODAY  …     McCament proposed an extension to January to allow for a “period of orderly transition” but said the program should not be extended beyond then  …     McCament said Haiti has not completely recovered from the earthquake, but enough progress has been made. He said the Obama administration started sending some Haitians home in 2016  …     The U. S. is currently giving protection to those from 13 countries: El Salvador, Guinea, Haiti, Honduras, Liberia, Nepal, Nicaragua, Sierra Leone, Somalia, Sudan, South Sudan, Syria and Yemen, Overall, roughly 300, 000 foreigners are living  —   and many are working  —   in the United States because they have gotten repeated extensions of TPS status. For example, in 2016, Obama extended TPS for 60, 000 Hondurans who got the status in 1998 because of an earthquake in their home country. Many Liberians who were given TPS in 1991 now have a different form of visa which allows them to remain in the United States until November 2017. TPS status for six national groups will expire in 2017. TPS for people from seven additional countries  —   including Somalia and Yemen  —   will expire in 2018. Each year, 4 million Americans turn 18 and enter the workforce, where they face job competition from roughly 1 million new temporary contract workers and 1 million legal immigrants, and from roughly 30 million unemployed   Americans. But business groups want the government to keep importing additional customers and new,   workers. Haitian activists say their home country is still too poor to accept the return of the 50, 000 Haitians. “Haiti is nowhere near ready to have anybody back  —   we just got hit by [Hurricane] Matthew,” said Nadine Dorcena, an aid worker at the Haitian   Center Of Catholic Charities, in Dorchester, Mass.  She continued: To me, in my personal opinion, Haitian people are a group of proud folks. If our country had provided the resources for them, they would stay home. The fact is that there is insecurity, there are no jobs, you have kids done with school and they have no hope of continuing or doing anything for the future, there are no jobs provided  …     [and we] keep getting hit with natural disasters. Democrat legislators and some GOP politicians want the DHS to extend the Haitians’ TPS status, said USA Today: “The recommendation upset Republican and Democratic members of Congress who have pleaded with Kelly to extend the protections  …     ‘Haiti is one of the poorest countries in the world and right now it’s unable to support the roughly 50, 000 Haitians that are currently receiving protected status here in the U. S.,’ Sen. Bill Nelson,  . said Thursday. ”  ",0
16507,The Last Confirmation Bias Test of This Election,"Leave a reply 
Scott Adams – Last year in this blog I told you that Trump would change more than politics. I said he would forever change how you view reality. I’ll prove that to you today with a fun experiment. 
At the end of this post I will give you a link to a very short video clip showing Hillary Clinton getting off her jet and into her car. Trump supporters will say she looks like she is drunk, or unsteady for some other health-related reason. And they will say it is obvious . Now try showing the clip to a Clinton supporter and watch how they see nothing wrong with the way she is walking. 
Who is right? 
The answer is that you have no way to know. Personally, I can see it both ways, depending on what frame of mind I’m in. When people on Twitter say she looks drunk, and I look at the clip immediately after they prime me, she indeed looks drunk. When my Clinton-supporting friend says he sees nothing unusual about her walking, suddenly it looks fine to me too. 
Most of my readers today are probably Trump supporters, so you are likely to see Clinton’s walk as unsteady. Send the clip to your Clinton-supporting friend and see how much your perceptions differ on this. You’ll be amazed. 
There might be an objective reality in our world. But our brains didn’t evolve to be able to see it. Our brains only evolved to do the job of keeping us alive so we could procreate. That means the reality you see – the movie in your head – can be totally different from mine, and almost certainly is. Yet we can both get by in this world. 
Last year, when many observers were saying Trump was a stupid, under-informed clown, I was saying he was a Master Persuader. Pundits said he ignored facts because he didn’t know them or because he was a liar. I said he ignored facts because facts are useless for persuasion. Trump could learn lots of facts if he wanted to do so. But he knew it was a waste of time. These are two totally different views of reality. And yet they did not conflict. Clinton supporters still see the stupid, under-informed clown and I still see the Master Persuader. We live in totally different movies and yet we can still interact with each other, still eat and drink, still procreate when necessary. 
Reality isn’t what you thought it was a year ago. Your movie isn’t my movie. But the good news is that you have the power to rewrite the coming scenes of your movie. And those scenes can be anything that isn’t ruled out by your own observations. 
Now watch this Clinton video and notice how Clinton’s walk matches your expectations, no matter what your expectations are. That’s confirmation bias . And it is the most important thing you will ever learn. SF Source The Burning Platform Nov. 2016 Share this:",0
16508,"Pat Summitt, Tennessee Basketball Coach Who Emboldened Women’s Sports, Dies at 64 - The New York Times","Pat Summitt, who was at the forefront of a broad ascendance of women’s sports, winning eight national basketball championships at the University of Tennessee and more games than any other Division I college coach, male or female, died on Tuesday. She was 64. Her death was confirmed on the website of the Pat Summitt Foundation. Summitt stepped down after 38 seasons and 1, 098 victories at Tennessee in April 2012, at 59, less than a year after she learned she had   Alzheimer’s disease. Over nearly four decades, Summitt helped transform women’s college basketball from a sport ignored by the National Collegiate Athletic Association into one that drew national television audiences and paid its most successful coaches more than $1 million a year. “In modern history, there are two figures that belong on the Mount Rushmore of women’s sports  —   Billie Jean King and Pat Summitt,” Mary Jo Kane, a sports sociologist at the University of Minnesota, said in 2011. “No one else is close to third. ” Summitt, who was inducted into the Women’s Basketball Hall of Fame in 1999 and the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2000, was a trailblazer, ambassador and missionary. She was a   of the 1976 women’s Olympic team, which won a silver medal, then guided the United States to gold as head coach at the 1984 Games in Los Angeles. All of her players who completed their eligibility at Tennessee also graduated, university officials said. Through much of her tenure at Tennessee, Summitt was willing to play any opponent, on any court, at any time. She opened her locker room to television cameras and gave viewers an unfiltered look at her demanding style, her steely glare and her unapologetically withering remarks to her players and to referees. Her hands pounded the court with such intensity that she sometimes flattened the rings on her fingers and had to have them rerounded in the  . Her childhood on a Tennessee farm lent Summitt a rural hardiness. When she gave birth to her only child, Tyler, in 1990, she went into labor while on a recruiting trip in Pennsylvania and urged the pilots to fly her home so her son would be born in Tennessee. A month before she won her final championship, in 2008, Summitt dislocated her shoulder while shoving a raccoon off the deck of her home in Knoxville, then tried for two hours to reset her shoulder before calling a doctor. Her best teams displayed a similar toughness and determination, playing with ravenous attention to defense and rebounding. “There may be coaches that win more than Pat, but there will never be another Pat Summitt,” Baylor Coach Kim Mulkey said. She was born Patricia Sue Head on June 14, 1952, in Clarksville, Tenn. The fourth of five children, she slept in a baby bed until she was 6. Her farmer father, Richard Head, was a disciplinarian who, she recalled, admonished his children that “cows don’t take a day off. ” During the day, she joined her three older brothers in baling hay and chopping tobacco. At night, she played basketball against her brothers and neighbors. “I was the only girl,” Summitt once said. “They beat me up, but it made me tougher. ” Title IX, the federal law that prohibited discrimination in schools based on gender, was passed in 1972, but expanded opportunities for female athletes came haltingly. The N. C. A. A. did not begin sponsoring women’s basketball until 1982, 43 years after it held its first postseason tournament for men. Still, the women’s game thrived in rural enclaves in states like Tennessee and Texas, where girls who worked on farms could not be told with any seriousness that they lacked the endurance to play sports. Summitt attended the University of Tennessee at Martin and, upon graduating in 1974, became head coach at the University of Tennessee’s flagship campus in Knoxville. At 22, she was barely older than her players. In football country, she made $250 a month to coach basketball and attend graduate school. She held a doughnut sale to help pay for the team uniforms, which she washed herself. Her team once slept on mats at an opponent’s gym because there was no money for a hotel. She drove the team van to games, so intent on winning that “we never even stopped at McDonald’s,” said Holly Warlick, who played for Summitt at Tennessee, served as a longtime assistant and succeeded her as head coach. Summitt’s first game at Tennessee ended in a   defeat. When she phoned her parents to give them the news, she recalled, her father offered a bit of advice: “Tricia, don’t take donkeys to the Kentucky Derby”  —   meaning that the best coaches recruited the top players. For most of 38 seasons, she did. Her two biggest stars, Chamique Holdsclaw of Queens and Candace Parker of suburban Chicago, led the Lady Vols to five of Summitt’s eight national titles and are considered two of the best women’s collegiate players of all time. Summitt’s best team, guided by Holdsclaw and reliant on relentless offense and aggressive defense, finished   to win the national title in 1998. To that point, no women’s team had won as many games in a season. As the number of championships climbed, so did Summitt’s salary, eventually reaching $1. 25 million a year. She was once approached by Tennessee officials about coaching the men’s team. She dismissed the overture, asking, “Why is that considered a step up?” Summitt’s marriage of 27 years to R. B. Summitt, a banker, ended in divorce in 2008. Her survivors include her son, Tyler, who was the women’s coach at Louisiana Tech before resigning this year over what was described as “an inappropriate relationship,” widely reported to be with one of his players her mother, Hazel Albright Head her sister, Linda Atteberry and her brothers, Kenneth, Tommy and Charles Head. Summitt’s eighth and final national title came in 2008, three short of the 11 titles won by Geno Auriemma, who coaches the Connecticut women’s team. Summitt remained insatiable for victory, and defeat left her inconsolable. The low point of her career came with a stunning loss to Ball State in the first round of the 2009 N. C. A. A. tournament. At the time, Tennessee was the   defending national champion. None of Summitt’s teams had left the tournament so early. Afterward, she returned to her hotel room and watched replays all night. “I didn’t sleep,” she later said. “I was so mad I threw things at the TV, yelled, screamed, cried. ” The next day, the Lady Vols returned to campus and Summitt made them practice, even though the season was over. Summitt received the only sustained criticism of her career in 2007, when she canceled the annual games between Tennessee and Connecticut, a rivalry matched in college basketball only by that between the Duke and North Carolina men’s teams. She cited her concern with UConn’s recruiting of Maya Moore, who led the Huskies to two national titles and a record   winning streak. UConn did receive a slap on the wrist from the N. C. A. A. for arranging a tour for Moore of ESPN’s studios in Bristol, Conn. But that was considered a minor rules violation. Some sports commentators, and even some of Summitt’s former players, felt that she had put her personal conflict with Auriemma, the UConn coach, ahead of the overall good of women’s basketball. “I am who I am,” Summitt said. “I will not compromise. No one is going to talk me into doing something I don’t want to do, when I know what I have been doing is by the book. ” Summitt began to notice changes in herself during the   season. She grew forgetful during games she lost track of meetings. After the season, she visited the Mayo Clinic, and doctors found that she had   Alzheimer’s. Summitt coached through the   season, although her three assistant coaches assumed most of her duties during practices and games. The Lady Vols struggled at times but still came within one victory of reaching the Final Four. Shortly after the season, Summitt retired as head coach. She started a foundation to raise awareness about dementia. Her memoir, “Sum It Up” (written with Sally Jenkins) was a best seller in 2013.",0
16509,Study: Phytochemical Found In Broccoli And Cauliflower Attacks Prostate Cancer Cells,"in: Natural Medicine We all know that it’s important to eat our vegetables. At least, that’s what most of us have heard since we were kids. What our mother’s told us as when we were young, our doctors tell us as we get older. Sometimes though, it helps to have a more specific reason than high cholesterol, or even a motherly “because I said so.” Especially for people who aren’t big fans of eating organic greens. According to a study conducted at Oregon State University’s Linus Pauling Micronutrient Research Institute confirms that sulforaphane, a phytochemical found in broccoli and related cruciferous vegetables, such as cauliflower and cabbage , have a natural ability to target and attack prostate cancer cells without harming neighboring cells [ 1 ] . Unconnected studies suggest it may have similar promise for breast cancer. The active chemicals found in everyday foods – such as broccoli – are often much more potent than people would imagine. If fact, determining how to safely adapt these chemical ingredients for medical use is one of the biggest hurdles researchers face. Even edible plants that are considered “rich” in a given nutritional substance, contain relatively low amounts of it by volume. The vast majority of these compounds may also become toxic to humans if taken in large enough concentrations. While a number of previous investigations have proven that sulforaphane is able to attack both benign and malignant cancer cells, the Oregon State study is one of the first to prove that it is effective without disrupting otherwise healthy tissue. This gives researchers a tremendous tool for developing new, low-risk treatment options, and is likely to encourage additional research into the healing potential of other seemingly mundane edible plants. Realistically, it could be some time before these findings are applied to any sort of drug development or cancer treatment in a traditional hospital setting. Meanwhile though, the researchers behind the study recommend that we all eat more organic cruciferous vegetables. Besides broccoli, a number of readily available cruciferous vegetables contain naturally large amounts of sulforaphane. Some good examples of foods high in this important phytochemical include mild and spicy radishes, turnips, watercress, cabbage, arugula, kale, chard, and most other leafy greens. Unrelated studies also suggest a variety of other cancer-fighting compounds may be present in other herbs and garden vegetables. Celery and parsley , for instance, are especially rich in apigenin – a substance that has shown remarkable promise for fighting breast cancer. Trace amounts of apigenin are also found in oranges, apples, and some tree nuts. The problem is, it’s very difficult for the body to effectively extract it from any of these foods on its own. References: Oregon State University. Study confirms safety, cancer-targeting ability of nutrient in broccoli . News & Research Communications. 2011 June 9. Submit your review",0
16510,Cuban Faces Deportation for Impersonating Border Patrol Agent,"A federal judge in south Texas handed down an   prison sentence to a Cuban national who posed as a U. S. Border Patrol agent. The Cuban man attempted to scam a confidential informant into giving him $7, 000 in exchange for permanent resident status documents. [U. S. District Court Judge Randy Crane said he needed to protect the community from Euginio Augustin   a    Cuban national with Legal Permanent Resident status in the U. S. because of his criminal history of theft and fraud. However, the judge only sentenced the man to 18 months in prison, according to a statement from the Department of Justices’ Southern District of Texas. The maximum penalty for the crime of impersonating a federal agent or officer (18 U. S. Code § 912)  is three years in prison.  Court records obtained by Breitbart Texas revealed that   introduced himself to a confidential informant (CI) claiming to be an illegal alien. The Cuban man identified himself to the CI as a U. S. Border Patrol agent. He told the CI he could obtain Legal Permanent Resident (LPR) documents for him in exchange for $7, 000. During a   call in advance of the meeting,   told the CI he would need a copy of his Mexican visa and two passport photos, claiming those documents were what he needed to obtain the LPR documents. The CI gave the suspect a down payment of $2, 800 and the requested documents. U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement special agents from the Office of Professional Responsibility arrested   as he left the meeting. The statement from the DOJ revealed that   solicited bribes from multiple people seeking legal status in the U. S. Officials stated they expect ICE Enforcement Removal officer to deport   to Cuba upon the completion of his sentence in a federal prison. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
16511,BREAKING: Obama ATF Accused of Covering Up Political Element in Firebombing of GOP HQ,"White House Says Obamacare Premiums to Rise 22% in 2017 
The agents allegedly would not explain why they painted over the message. 
Witnesses also claimed reporters and other individuals compromised the area when they freely walked around the scene with no consideration for forensic investigators. 
“The ATF’s destruction of evidence in their investigation of Democrat terrorists tells us everything we need to know about our government,” conservative activist Noel Fritsch told Breitbart News . Advertisement - story continues below 
“The destruction of the ‘Nazi Republicans go home or else’ message is an attempt to cover up behavior of violent leftists bent on oppressing those with whom they disagree, and one wonders to what extent our federal government shares in that violent leftist agenda,” he said. 
Daniel Ashley, chairman of the Orange County Republican Party, said he and his wife stumbled upon the scene when they saw ATF agents painting over the graffiti with black paint. He explained that he asked several times whey they were painting over the words, but no one ever answered his question. 
“These people thought this out,” Ashley said. “This is domestic terrorism.” 
Michele Nix, vice chairman of the North Carolina Republican Party, said she also saw the words on the adjacent building that had been covered up with spray paint. She said Hillsborough county police told her the owner of the business wanted the words covered up “because it would be bad for their business.” She added that the owner of that business was a Democrat. Advertisement - story continues below",0
16512,We are fake news…or are we?,"In an elaborate game of double-bluff respectable news outlets, with flour-based products in their name, have been forced to defend well-researched headlines like – Robert Mugabe declares himself the new Doctor Who and Ventnor man fails to acknowledge acknowledgement of traffic courtesy . Bizarrely some skeptical folk still question the facts behind – Universe in chaos as Pavlov’s dogs may or may not attack Schrödinger’s cat . 
The issues with ‘fake news’ spreading on social media have been solved according to Facebook: ‘We know everyone has been very concerned about fake news stories spreading, especially stories that exaggerate the number of murders committed by presidential candidates, but I can assure you we’ve fixed the problem now, don’t worry about it any more and move on with your lives. Please share this news with all your friends in case anyone tries to spread a story that it’s still a problem’. Bigglesworth",0
16513,Campuses Wary of Offering ‘Sanctuary’ to Undocumented Students - The New York Times,"Janet Napolitano, president of the University of California, knows exactly what’s at stake if President Trump shuts down an Obama administration program that has given work permits and protection from deportation to some 752, 000 young undocumented immigrants. In 2012, in her previous job as secretary of Homeland Security, she signed the document  —   nothing more than a policy memo  —   that created the program. So when alarm spread among immigrants on college campuses following Mr. Trump’s election, Ms. Napolitano moved quickly to determine what the California system could do to shelter its students if he carried through on his pledges to cancel the program, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. The university estimates that almost 3, 800 among its 190, 000 students are undocumented, many but not all with DACA. Ms. Napolitano, retaining her law enforcement instincts, does not mention the word “sanctuary” when describing what the university could offer. “Sanctuary is such a vague term, we don’t use it,” she said crisply. Instead, the university has published detailed principles of support for undocumented students, including assurances that campus police would not question students solely about their immigration status or join any cooperation agreements with federal immigration authorities under the Trump administration. Through the Davis campus law school, the university is organizing legal help for students detained for deportation. Another worrisome prospect, Ms. Napolitano said, is that students could lose the permits that allow them to work. Undocumented students, including any losing DACA, will continue to pay   tuition and be eligible for state financial aid and for a revolving loan program funded, in part, by the university. “We want to do everything we can so students are safe on our campuses,” Ms. Napolitano said, “so they can focus on what they are there to do, which is to study. ” Students at dozens of college campuses, galvanized by Mr. Trump’s depictions of immigrants as criminals or potential terrorists, have pressed administrators to provide sanctuary for those without legal papers. But universities have had differing ideas about what that would mean in practice, and most leaders have been careful to say they would not defy the law. Some institutions have flatly rejected sanctuary plans as encouraging lawbreaking. At New Mexico State University, the president, Garrey Carruthers, said that banning federal agents from campus might imperil its federal funding. One of the first presidents to declare a sanctuary campus explicitly was Michael S. Roth of Wesleyan, who announced in November that it “will not voluntarily assist” any efforts by federal authorities to deport students (a policy he reaffirmed on Jan. 29). Soon after, John Coatsworth, the provost of Columbia University, said that it would not allow immigration agents on campus without a warrant. Some administrators point out that student information, including their immigration status, is already protected under   privacy laws requiring the authorities to show a warrant or court order before any data can be released without students’ consent. In Georgia, Emory, which is a private university, considered but ultimately decided against protective measures. “Emory is not seeking to establish itself as a sanctuary campus, for which there is no legal definition,” the university said in a Jan. 4 statement. Taking a tougher line, the University System of Georgia said that any call for sanctuary was “unacceptable” and added, “We expect our institutions to follow the law. ” In his first formal briefing, on Jan. 23, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, suggested that canceling DACA would not be a priority for the new administration, but he did not provide any explicit reassurance that the program would continue. Ms. Napolitano is still contemplating the bitter possibility that Mr. Trump will sweep away her most significant immigration accomplishment. She hopes to persuade him that the program is a good use of executive power, emphasizing that DACA immigrants pose little security risk because they pass background checks to get into the program. Her message for Mr. Trump: “Why waste resources trying to deport good students who’ve done everything right?”",0
16515,Claimed ’Muslim Ban’ Exempts Eighty-Seven Percent of Muslims - Breitbart,"  percent of the world’s 1. 6 billion Muslims are not affected by President Donald Trump’s Friday decision to temporarily withhold visas from citizens of seven Middle Eastern countries. [Approximately thirteen percent of the world’s Muslims, or 199. 4 million out of up to 1. 6 billion, live in those seven countries, according to a 2015 Pew Research Report, “The Future of World Religions: Population Growth Projections,  . ”  So Trump’s reform policy only impacts one of every eight Muslims worldwide. The Muslim population in each of these seven countries, estimated by Pew Research as of 2010, is: Iran (74 million) Sudan (33. 6 million) Iraq (31. 7 million) Yemen (24 million) Syria (20. 4 million) Somalia (9. 3 million) and Libya (6. 4 million). The   temporary block on new visas does not apply to citizens of the six countries with the largest Muslim populations, as determined by Pew Research —   Indonesia (209 million) India (176 million) Pakistan (167 million) Bangladesh (134 million) Nigeria (77 million) and Egypt (76 million). It does apply citizens of Iran, the country with the seventh largest Muslim population (74 million). But it does not apply to citizens of the other top ten Muslim population countries: Turkey (71 million) Algeria (35 million) and Morocco (32 million). None of the seven countries on which a temporary visa ban has been placed were listed by name in Friday’s, executive order, “Protecting the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry Into The United States. ” Instead, the order referenced previous laws and findings that designated three of these countries “state sponsors of terrorism” (Iran, Sudan, and Syria) and four of them (Iraq, Libya, Somalia, and Yemen) as “countries of concern” who are ineligible to participate in the Visa Waiver Program, according to the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Improvement Act of 2015. The 2015 bill was made law once it was signed by President Barack Obama. Six of the seven countries to which the temporary visa issuance block applies were designated as “state sponsors of terrorism” or “countries of concern” by previous Democrat administrations. Only one  —   Iran in 1984  —   was designated by a Republican administration. Syria was first designated as a state sponsor of terrorism during the Jimmy Carter administration on December 29, 1979. Iran was designated as a state sponsor of terrorism during the Ronald Reagan administration on January 19, 1984. Sudan was designated as a state sponsor of terrorism during the Bill Clinton administration on August 12, 1993. Syria and Iraq were labeled “countries of concern”  ineligible to participate in the Visa Waiver Program in the original Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Improvement Act of 2015 signed into law by President Obama in December 2015. On Feb. 18, 2016, the Obama administration’s Department of Homeland Security added Libya, Somalia, and Yemen to that list: The Department of Homeland Security today announced that it is continuing its implementation of the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015 with the addition of Libya, Somalia, and Yemen as three countries of concern, limiting Visa Waiver Program travel for certain individuals who have traveled to these countries. Pursuant to the Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security had sixty days to determine whether additional countries or areas of concern should be subject to the travel or dual nationality restrictions under the Act. After careful consideration, and in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security has determined that Libya, Somalia, and Yemen be included as countries of concern, specifically for individuals who have traveled to these countries since March 1, 2011. At this time, the restriction on Visa Waiver Program travel will not apply to dual nationals of these three countries. DHS continues to consult with the Department of State and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence to develop further criteria to determine whether other countries would be added to this list. The executive order also temporarily banned refugees from all countries for 120 days.",0
16516,November 1: Daily Contrarian Reads,"November 1: Daily Contrarian Reads By David Stockman.   Here It Comes----The Great Dollar Short That Will Shatter The Global Bubbles 
Surging rates on dollar Libor contracts are rapidly tightening conditions across large parts of the global economy, incubating stress in the credit markets and ultimately threatening overvalued bourses....Fear that the US Federal Reserve may have to raise rates uncomfortably fast is leading to an acute dollar shortage, draining global liquidity. ETF Warning: Shift To Passive Investing Amplifies Systemic Risk----Will Make Crashes Worse 
This unprecedented shift in capital away from active managers and toward passive strategies has resulted in not only a chilling effect on the hedge fund industry but also concerns about a market in which ""passive"", robotic, algo-driven decision makers are the marginal buyers and sellers of securities. And while it is the case that so far, the market has been spared an observation of how a largely passive investing crowd would respond during a downturn (and more importantly what happens to market liquidity), the time is drawing nearer with every passing day, and certainly as central bankers collectively try to prop up global yield curves. After Peak Monetary Stimulus----Look Out Below! 
There’s deep complacency in the U.S. regarding vulnerability to reduced monetary stimulus. The Fed wound down QE and implemented a rate increase without major market instability. I believe this was only possible because of the extraordinary monetary stimulus measures in play globally. “Whatever it takes” central banking, in particular from the ECB and BOJ, unleashed Trillions of liquidity (and currency devaluation) that certainly underpinned U.S. securities and asset markets. Prices of sovereign debt, including Treasuries, have traded at levels that assume global central banker support will last indefinitely. Markets have begun reassessing this assumption. The Disaster of Inflation--For the Bottom 95% 
Central banks are obsessed with boosting inflation, but the ""why inflation is good"" arguments make no sense for households being ravaged by inflation. The basic argument is that inflation makes it easier for debtors to service their debts. But this is only true if income rises along with costs. If income stays flat while costs rise, households lose ground--debt remains a burden as the purchasing power of income plummets. Hillary Clinton's Warped Notion Of American Exceptionalism And Indispensability 
The unique moral revolution to which the Founding Fathers pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor has little connection to the bastard term (usually capitalized as “American Exceptionalism”) that describes post-Cold War U.S. global behavior, by which policymakers in Washington assert both an exclusive “leadership” privilege and unsupportable obligation to undertake open-ended international missions in the name of the “Free World” and the “international community.” This is the counterfeit “Exceptionalism” of a tiny clique of bipartisan apparatchiki —GOP “neoconservatives” and Democrat “liberal interventionists” and their mainstream media mouthpieces—who have little regard for our country’s oldest traditions or the security and welfare of the American people. The So-Called OPEC Cartel Whiffs Again-",0
16517,Revisited ‘Last Tango in Paris’ Rape Scene Causes Internet Outcry - The New York Times,"In 2007, Maria Schneider said that she “felt a little raped” during the filming of an infamous rape scene with Marlon Brando in the 1972 film “Last Tango in Paris,” and that the tears she cried on screen were real. In 2013, Bernardo Bertolucci, the director of the film, confirmed that Ms. Schneider wasn’t told ahead of time that Mr. Brando would use butter as a lubricant for the simulated sex because he “wanted Maria to feel, not to act, the rage and the humiliation. ” Mr. Bertolucci’s comments did not receive widespread attention at the time, but rocketed into prominence over the weekend after they resurfaced in media reports about a Spanish nonprofit’s publicity campaign about violence against women. Several prominent figures in Hollywood responded on social media with anger toward Mr. Bertolucci and Mr. Brando, while wondering why Ms. Schneider’s story was not better known. “Inexcusable,’’ Ava DuVernay, a filmmaker, said on Twitter. “As a director, I can barely fathom this. As a woman, I am horrified, disgusted and enraged by it. ” Chris Evans, an actor, said on Twitter: “I will never look at this film, Bertolucci or Brando the same way again. This is beyond disgusting. I feel rage. ” Ms. Schneider was an unknown    French actress paid $4, 000 for her part in “Last Tango,” in which her torrid affair with an American businessman, played by a    Mr. Brando, included explicit sex scenes that shocked audiences. The scene in which Mr. Brando pins her to the floor and appears to force anal intercourse remains one of the enduring images from the film, and was part of the reason The Motion Picture Association of America gave the film an X rating. It was critically acclaimed Mr. Brando, who died at 80 in 2004, received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor, while Mr. Bertolucci, 76, was nominated for Best Director. Ms. Schneider was not nominated but emerged as a sex symbol she had several leading roles in the 1970s, but her acting career declined later in the decade, while her personal life was marred by drug abuse and at least one suicide attempt. In 2011, she died of cancer at age 58. In an interview with The Daily Mail in 2007, she said the rape scene, which was shot in one take, left her feeling humiliated and attacked by both Mr. Brando and Mr. Bertolucci. “That scene wasn’t in the original script. The truth is, it was Marlon who came up with the idea,” Ms. Schneider said. “I should have called my agent or had my lawyer come to the set because you can’t force someone to do something that isn’t in the script, but at the time, I didn’t know that. ” Mr. Bertolucci said in 2013 that he and Mr. Brando thought of including butter in the scene on the morning it was filmed and purposely kept Ms. Schneider in the dark. “I didn’t tell her what was going on because I wanted her reaction as a girl, not as an actress,” he said. He said that Ms. Schneider hated him until her death, but the tactic was necessary to obtain the effect. “I feel guilty,’’ he said, “but I do not regret. ” While Ms. Schneider’s statements in her 2007 interview did not go unnoticed  —   they figured prominently in her obituary in The New York Times  —   neither it nor Mr. Bertolucci’s 2013 interview instantly received the kind of widespread attention that both gained this weekend. El Mundo de Alycia, a Spanish nonprofit, posted the video of Mr. Bertolucci’s interview to YouTube as part of a protest against violence against women in November. It began appearing in   outlets, including Elle, on Friday, and celebrities soon responded in force. In a statement on Monday, Mr. Bertolucci called the flap “a ridiculous misunderstanding. ” “Somebody thought, and thinks, that Maria had not been informed about the violence on her. That is false!” he said in the statement, according to Variety. “Maria knew everything because she had read the script, where it was all described,” he continued. “The only novelty was the idea of the butter. And that, as I learned many years later, offended Maria. Not the violence that she is subjected to in the scene, which was written in the screenplay. ” Those responding on Twitter included several   actors in Hollywood. Others on Twitter wondered why it took so long for the outrage to form.",0
16518,"If Obamacare Exits, Some May Need to Rethink Early Retirement - The New York Times","Here’s another possible consequence of repealing the Affordable Care Act: It would be harder for many people to retire early. Americans reaching 65 become eligible for Medicare. Before reaching that age, some can get retiree coverage from their former employers. But not very many companies, especially small ones, offer medical insurance to retirees. If early retirees are poor enough, they could turn to Medicaid. To retire early, everybody else would need to turn to the individual health insurance market. Without the subsidies and protections the A. C. A. put in place, health care coverage would be more difficult to obtain, cost consumers more where available, and provide fewer benefits than it does today. That means that if the A. C. A. is repealed, retiring early would become less feasible for many Americans. This consequence is called job lock  —   the need to maintain a job to get health insurance. One of the arguments in favor of the A. C. A. was that it would reduce or eliminate job lock. With repeal of the law on the agenda of Congress and President Trump, there is renewed concern about how health insurance could affect employment and retirement decisions. These relationships have been examined extensively by scholars. Though not all studies have found evidence of job lock in the   era, a majority of   studies have. That’s the conclusion of systematic reviews conducted by the Government Accountability Office and several health economists. Because people approaching retirement age are more prone to illness and high health care costs,   insurance is particularly valuable to older workers  —   so much so that many studies document that it influences retirement decisions. One study found that workers whose employers offered retiree health benefits were 68 percent more likely to retire early than those who lack   retiree coverage. Another study found a smaller effect, 47 percent. But that study also found that workers in poor health who had retiree health benefits were 88 percent more likely to retire early compared with similar workers lacking retiree health benefits. Both those studies used data that are now several decades old. But a 2014 study that incorporated more recent data  —   though still  . C. A.  —   also found that retiree health benefits encourage early retirement. The inference from these studies is that coverage options in the A. C. A. marketplaces would similarly encourage early retirement. Deferring retirement because of health benefits is just one form of job lock. Another example: Many studies show that spouses are much more likely to work if their partners do not have   family coverage. Other studies show that workers with cancer are more likely to continue working if that’s how they get health insurance. Two studies led by Cathy Bradley of Virginia Commonwealth University examined working women with breast cancer diagnoses. Both studies found that those who depended on their employment for coverage were more likely to remain working. If not for job lock, we’d probably see greater job mobility and entrepreneurship. According to one analysis, two million more people would change jobs if it weren’t for job lock  —   presumably finding work that makes them happier or that is better suited for them. One study found that      married men with no other coverage options are 22. 5 percent less likely to switch jobs compared with those who have alternatives. Another study, examining      married men, estimated smaller effects, between 10 and 15 percent. The evidence of sticking with jobs instead of starting a business is mixed, but the preponderance of it suggests this kind of “entrepreneurship lock” exists, affecting up to four million people. Workers without coverage from a spouse  —   therefore, more reliant on their own employers’ coverage  —   are a few percentage points less likely to become   according to one study. Similarly,   spikes when workers turn 65 and obtain Medicare coverage. From the late 1980s to the early 2000s, tax deductibility of policies for   workers was phased in, making those policies more affordable. Two studies provide evidence that this change increased  . One found that it rose 10 percent among women without health coverage from a spouse versus those with such coverage. Another found that the tax change explained as much as half the total increase in   between 1999 and 2004. All of these studies suggest that job lock would be alleviated by more available and affordable coverage outside work. Whether Obamacare did that is less clear. Many policy experts expected the A. C. A. to reduce job lock. An analysis by the Urban Institute, conducted before the health insurance reforms were implemented, estimated that the   would increase by about 1. 5 million individuals as a result of the law. In 2014, the Congressional Budget Office anticipated that the A. C. A. would reduce the size of the labor force by at least two million people by 2024. One  . C. A. study found that the prohibition of   condition exclusions for children increased job mobility for their parents. And in the months after the insurance market reforms rolled out, voluntary   work increased and the growth in the number of workers over age 55 slowed, both consistent with alleviation of job lock. But more rigorous studies of   work did not find an impact from the A. C. A. According to a review of scientific papers by the economists Jean Abraham and Anne Royalty, for the University of Pennsylvania’s Leonard Davis Institute of Health Economics, few other studies have found solid evidence that the A. C. A. reduced job lock or had other effects on the labor market. For instance, studies have not found that allowing children to stay on their parents’ insurance until age 26 has influenced the labor market choices of young adults. Nor have they found that the A. C. A. increased early retirement or employment more generally. One reason studies might not have found an impact on job lock could be because the law is relatively new, and there isn’t enough data available to researchers to tease out all its effects. It could also be because the law has been under siege on multiple fronts since passage, rendering its status uncertain. This may have raised doubts in workers’ minds about the wisdom of relying on it as a substitute for   coverage. But it is clear that with A. C. A. repeal on the table, people contemplating early retirement may need to reconsider.",0
16519,"Some Want Injustice To Be Distributed Evenly, Rather Than Not At All",By Vin Armani The federal landgrab protesters known as “The Bundys” were recently found not guilty of all charges in their occupation of a building... ,0
16520,Ukrainian Foreign Ministry Protests Against Putin's Crimea Visit,"Crimea’s Fate ( 163 ) 0 16 0 0 Kiev sent to the Russian Foreign Ministry on Wednesday its protest over the ongoing visit of Russia's President Vladimir Putin to Crimea, Ukraine’s Foreign Ministry said in a statement. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Putin arrived to Crimea on Wednesday to take part in the regional forum of All-Russia People's Front called ""Forum of action. Crimea."" The two-day forum covered issues of energy, gas supplies, development of agricultural industry and other promising sectors of the economy. © Sputnik/ Vitaliy Belousov German Lawmaker Vows to Respond to Ukrainian Sanctions Threat With New Crimea Visits ""The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine expresses strong protest to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation on another non-consensual visit of President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin to the temporarily occupied territory of Ukraine – the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, which started on October 26, 2016,"" the statement read. 
Crimea , Russia's historical southern region, seceded from Ukraine to rejoin Russia in March 2014. Almost 97 percent of the region's population voted for reunification in a referendum. Ukraine, the European Union and the United States did not recognize the move and consider the peninsula to be an occupied territory. ...",0
16521,Reward Clinton's Hawkishness Because Trump's Foreign Policy Is Uncertain?,"November 03, 2016 Reward Clinton's Hawkishness Because Trump's Foreign Policy Is Uncertain? 
For me, as a non U.S. person, the major issues of the U.S. presidential elections is always foreign policy. There Trump is not hawkish at all. He has somewhat confused, unlearned blustering positions on foreign policy but is basically a cautious, risk averse businessman. He consistently criticizes the war mongering in Washington DC. Hillary Clinton is a run-of-the-mill warmongering neoconservative compatible with the imperial ""mainstream"" of the power centers in Washington and elsewhere. 
Trump has called up this contrast again and again (as do I ). In a speech (vid at 53:20 min) in Grand Rapids Michigan on October 31 he again highlights these points. Some excerpts (taken from this partial transcript part 9, 10): Hillary led us to disaster in Iraq, in Syria, in Libya. ... Hillary and our failed Washington establishment have spent $6 trillion on wars in the Middle East, and now it’s worse than it’s ever been before. 
Had Obama and others gone to the beach, Obama could have gone to the golf course, we would have been in much better shape. 
We shouldn’t have gone into the war, and she thinks I’m a hawk. Oh, Donald Trump. ... Imagine if some of the money had been spent, $6 trillion in the Middle East, on building new schools and roads and bridges right here in Michigan. 
Now Hillary, trapped in her Washington bubble, that’s blind to the lessons, wants to start a shooting war in Syria in conflict with a nuclear armed Russia that could drag us into a World War III. 
Okay, folks. She – I’ll tell you what. She will get us into World War III. She will get us into World War III. I will tell you that. She’s incompetent. She will get us into World War III. 
The arrogant political class never learns. They keep repeating the same mistakes over and over again. They keep telling the same lies. They keep producing the same failed results. 
Trump may well be lying when he says he does not seek a conflict with Russia or anyone else. Trump surely lies on other issues. But those are mostly rather obvious lies and some are even a bit comical. He is playing Reagan on economic issues, promising tax cuts that can not be financed (and which Reagan had to take back in the end when he introduced the biggest tax hike ever). On many issues we do not know what Trump is really planning to do (or if he plans at all). But he has never given the impression that he is hawkish or willing to incite a war. 
Clinton on the other hand has a proven record of being a proactive hawk. She is willing to go to war and to kill people because the U.S. can. bigger 
She is a political animal totally dependent on her sponsors. Economically she is pro-banks, pro-big-business and for further deregulation. A neoliberal. The only ""liberal"" standpoints she has are on some hyped identity issues relevant only for a very tiny group of people like transgenders. She told her real voters, the people who pay her, that her public standpoint on many issues is different from the one she will pursue. She did not mean that what she will pursue will be less hawkish than her public stand, or that she will be more progressive on economic issues than she openly claims. 
Clinton assures us that Trump is Putin's puppet who will start a nuclear World War III with Russia. She doesn't say how that computes. Will Putin order Trump to give him asylum in Washington while Moscow and Washington get nuked? 
With Trump the U.S. would get a president who is a pretty unknown factor but, in my judgment, a less dangerous one to the U.S. and the world than Clinton. With her the next useless and deadly wars are practically guaranteed. 
Micah Zenko , who's opinion I value, agrees with my diagnose, Trump is less hawkish , but has a different judgement: When it comes to foreign policy, Trump’s own positions make him the most immoral, poorly informed, and dangerous presidential candidate in recent American history. 
If Clinton is elected, there will undoubtedly be troubling foreign-policy positions and actions which must be thoroughly questioned and scrutinized. I just deeply hope that citizens have the opportunity to hold a President Hillary Clinton to account. 
The citizens of the United States now have an opportunity to hold Secretary of State Clinton to account for her "" We came, we saw, he died "" war on Libya and for escalating the war on Syria. The militaristic (and failed) pivot to Asia, the ""regime changes"" putsches in Honduras and Ukraine and the deterioration of relations with Russia are also to a large part her work. Should the voters reward her for all the death, misery and new dangers she created as Secretary of State by making her President? 
Who would I vote for? Not Hillary. Not for Trump either. Some third party candidate - probably Stein of the Green Party. It would be a ""useless and wasted"" vote in the short term though such votes have some light influence on the programs of the big parties. In the long term the example of voting third parties will hopefully induce more people to do the same. If it becomes a more common, regular thing to do it might over time break the duopoly of today's consensus in Washington. It is a small chance, but possibly a big long-term reward.   3, 2016 at 03:22 PM | Permalink",0
16522,11-Year-Old Grills Mike Pence on ‘Softening Up’ Donald Trump’s Words - The New York Times,"RALEIGH, N. C.  —   In the feverishly manicured spectacle that is electoral politics, there are few distractions quite as imposing to candidates as a small child. Just this week, Donald J. Trump earned a wave of negative headlines after he confronted a crying baby at a rally in Virginia. Mike Pence learned that lesson the hard  —   and perhaps revealing  —   way at a rally here on Thursday morning when he solicited a question from an    boy, Matthew Schricker. “I’ve been watching the news lately, and I’ve been noticing that you’ve been kind of softening up on Mr. Trump’s policies and words,” Matthew said skeptically. “Is this going to be your role in the administration?” Mr. Pence stood   for a moment before offering an uneasy chuckle. “What did you say I’ve been doing?” Mr. Pence asked over laughter from the crowd. “You’ve been kind of softening up on his words,” Matthew steadfastly replied. Many political analysts far Matthew’s senior have been pondering the same thought. In the past week and a half, Mr. Pence has taken divergent stances from (or cleaned up after) his running mate on a series of issues, including the possibility of Russia’s hacking Hillary Clinton’s email, the treatment of the Khan family and the candidacy of Speaker Paul D. Ryan. Mr. Pence tried to regain his footing by complimenting his interlocutor. “No. 1, this boy has a future,” Mr. Pence pronounced. “Nicely done. ” After predicting that Matthew would one day be governor of North Carolina, Mr. Pence tried to fill the gaps between some of his positions and those of his more bombastic running mate by attributing their differences to manner rather than matter. “Sometimes things don’t always come out like you mean, right?” Mr. Pence said. “And Donald Trump and I are absolutely determined to work together and we have different styles, you might have noticed that. ” Then Mr. Pence added, in a typical stroke of   that has become a necessary weapon in his campaign arsenal, “You know, I said at our convention, I said we’d nominated someone who is larger than life, known for charisma, so they wanted to kind of balance the ticket. ” Mr. Pence said he wanted to make one thing clear to his young skeptic. “Differences in style, Matthew, should never be confused with differences in conviction,” he said. “And I will tell you right now Donald Trump has the right vision for America, he has the right policies for America and I’m going to fight every day to tell his story all across the United States. ” Matthew seemed persuaded. “I was a little worried about him, and I just wanted to make sure he was totally loyal to Mr. Trump and the Republican Party,” Matthew said after the event had ended. “And now I think he is. ” At future gatherings, Mr. Pence may wish to pick on someone his own size.",0
16523,World's Oldest Person Had Smoked For 76 Years,"Report Copyright Violation World's Oldest Person Had Smoked For 76 Years actually, i think i remember a few of these people over the years who had hit significant milestones had had at least some 'bad' habits, such as smoking or drinking (but probably not to excess). Guess it depends on the person.World's oldest person turns 115Aug. 22, 2006. 05:30 AMASSOCIATED PRESSISABELA, Puerto Rico — The world's oldest person celebrated his 115th birthday Monday, offering advice on healthy living at a party where he was serenaded by a well-known Puerto Rican singer.Emiliano Mercado del Toro, who was a boy when the United States seized Puerto Rico from Spain in 1898, attributed his long life to a healthy diet and avoiding alcohol.""I never damaged my body with liquor,"" said Mercado, who quit a 76-year smoking habit when he was 90.Mercado was declared the world's oldest person by the Guinness Book of Records last year.""I never thought I would last so long,"" he said.An ambulance carried him to an outdoor plaza where family, friends and the mayor gathered for the party. His favourite performer, Iris Chacon, crooned a birthday tune set to mariachi music.""I feel happy,"" said the wheelchair-bound Mercado, who has difficulty hearing and has been blind for four years. He lives with a niece in the northwestern coastal town of Isabela.Mercado was recruited into the U.S. army in 1918, during the last months of the First World War. He was still in training when the war ended in November of that year.As a young man, Mercado said he worked for 50 cents US a day driving animals loaded with sugar cane to processing centres.The mayor of Isabela, Charlie Delgado, said a residence for the elderly would be named for Mercado in honour of a man who ""ate healthy, had no major vices and who has put this island on the world stage.""Guinness had recognized another Puerto Rican as being the world's oldest person. Ramona Trinidad Iglesias Jordan died May 29, 2004, after a bout with pneumonia. She was 114.Get great home delivery subscription deals here! Anonymous Coward ( OP )",0
16524,Calais Jungle already turned into luxury apartments,"Calais Jungle already turned into luxury apartments 01-11-16 THE refugee camp in Calais has already become luxury apartments that only footballers and bankers can afford. The site, which housed some 2,000 refugees until last week, now contains 16 apartments that will never be used as the occupants already own at least four other properties each. Developer Julian Cook said: “We’re hoping to get some really rich people moved in here as soon as possible. “ We won’t be calling it the Calais Jungle any more either, because that might put some buyers off. It’ll be called Sunnyside Towers or the East Village or something stupidly nice instead. “Although there will be a club and cocktail bar in the basement called ‘Jungle Nites’, because when you build these places you have to respect local history.” “I t will have a massive wall built around it to make sure only rich people can get in.” He added: “ There will still be immigrants here, obviously. After all, the toilets won’t clean themselves.” 
Share:",0
16525,Six Things Betsy DeVos Can Do to Show She Is ‘Certainly Not a Supporter’ of Common Core,"Betsy DeVos announced upon her nomination as U. S. education secretary that she is “certainly not a supporter” of Common Core, even though the organizations she funded and supported through her service are avid proponents of the controversial education reform. [Now that she is sworn in, establishment politicians of both parties and the mainstream media would have Americans believe there is nothing DeVos or President Donald Trump can do to eliminate Common Core because it was adopted by the states.  Here are six actions DeVos could take to begin fulfilling Trump’s promise to get rid of the “disaster” he said is Common Core: #1: Assure states they can repeal Common Core without penalty from the federal government. President Trump and DeVos should not  —   and cannot  —   tell the states to repeal Common Core. To do so would mean they were accepting federal control of education  —   an area the Constitution reserves for the states and local governments. However, they can guarantee to states wanting to rid themselves of the boondoggle  —   and its affiliated standards programs  —   that they will not be penalized by the federal government for doing so. “I hope Mrs. DeVos will realize that too many states have remained in Common Core because of all the federal pressure and threats  —   yes, including under ESSA [Every Student Succeeds Act]  —   that incentivize them to do so,” American Principles Project (APP) senior fellow Jane Robbins tells Breitbart News. “She should vow to remove those pressure points and make it clear to states that the feds won’t penalize them in any way if they replace Common Core with good standards. If she does that, there may be a stampede for the exits. That would be a great thing for our students. ” #2: Issue guidance that says the Every Student Succeeds Act’s (ESSA) provision that gives the education secretary power over state curricula and tests is not enforceable due to its extremely vague language. Establishment politicians often claim that ESSA  —   the most recent federal education law  —   has repealed the federal mandate for use of Common Core in the states. They base their pronouncements on the portion of ESSA that states: “The federal government is prohibited from   …     Mandating, directing, controlling, coercing, or exercising any direction or supervision over academic standards that states develop or adopt, including Common Core State Standards. ” Education scholars who have studied the law, however, assert ESSA neither repeals the Common Core mandate, nor prohibits the education secretary from coercing states into adopting the standards. In fact, these experts say ESSA actually does the opposite: it keeps states anchored to the controversial education reform. “Within the other 1, 060 pages of ESSA lurk the provisions that will keep states in Common Core, or something that looks very much like Common Core,” Robbins and Indiana parent activist Erin Tuttle wrote at The Pulse 2016. “The Secretary won’t have to mandate anything, because the other parts of the bill contain the requirements for   …     ‘high standards,’” a phrase that has come to refer to Common Core. Robbins and Tuttle assert: [A state’s] plan must be “coordinated” with 11 federal statutes, including the   Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act passed a year ago the Education Sciences Reform Act, which is all about collecting student data for research the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act, which adds to the Head Start requirements on preschool standards and the National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) Authorization Act, which governs the NAEP test that will almost certainly be aligned to Common Core to hide the fact that Common   students perform poorly on NAEP. Requiring state plans and therefore state standards to coordinate with all these federal statutes means, as a practical matter, states will keep Common Core. “ESSA, which replaces NCLB, does mandate alignment,” the authors write, quoting the ESSA law and translating the Common Core rhetoric: “Each State shall demonstrate that the challenging academic standards are aligned with entrance requirements for   coursework in the system of public higher education in the State and relevant State career and technical education standards. ” This is simply another way of saying states must have “  and  ” standards. And as made clear by the U. S. Department of Education’s own materials, “  and  ” means Common Core. With ESSA’s language decoded, the Federalist’s Joy Pullmann also observes DeVos could issue guidance that says since ESSA “gives the education secretary dictatorial power over state curricula and tests,” but “is so vague on its criteria for doing so, she finds the provision unenforceable until Congress specifies  …    ” Cato education director Neal McCluskey agrees Trump and a Republican Congress can ensure the regulations associated with ESSA don’t “coerce the use of the Core or any other specific standards or tests. ” “This has been a real concern,” he explains. “While the spirit and rhetoric surrounding the ESSA is about breaking down federal strictures  …    the statute includes language vague enough that it could allow federal control by education secretary veto. ” “A Trump administration would likely avoid that,” McCluskey says, and notes as well that Trump’s supporters “don’t seem inclined to do what Beltway types tell them. ” #3: Put forward a plan to eliminate her department. As DeVos was confirmed in the Senate, Rep. Thomas Massie ( ) introduced legislation in the House that would eliminate the federal department of education. “Neither Congress nor the President, through his appointees, has the constitutional authority to dictate how and what our children must learn,” Massie said in a press release announcing his bill that is only one sentence long. With legislation to that end already introduced, DeVos could reach out to Massie and work with him and the bill’s other sponsors to dismantle her department in an organized manner. Pullmann, author of the upcoming The Education Invasion: How Common Core Fights Parents for Control of American Kids, tells Breitbart News, “The way to end Common Core is to end the superstructures that made it not just possible but inevitable. ” She urges Trump to send the states’ education dollars back to them to allow parents and local citizens to manage them as they see fit. “Even though Common Core is technically   for federal influence, its successors will soon arise, and they will be worse than Common Core  —   unless President Trump fulfills his promise to his voters to end Common Core once and for all,” she says. “Common Core is a hydra that consumes federal education dollars. The only way to kill it for good is to stop feeding it. Give us our own money and power back, and Common Core will never happen again. ” Hillsdale College president Larry Arnn recently confirmed to Breitbart News the ESSA still provides the education secretary with substantial power over the states’ education policy and standards. Arnn said he advises DeVos to devise a plan that ultimately addresses the question, “What are we even doing here anymore? Let’s get rid of this department. ” “If Betsy DeVos has a lot of power, then her successor would have that, too,” he observed. “So, it would be better to get rid of her successor. ” #4: Address local control of education before school choice. While school choice is a good concept in general, some financial mechanisms that bring about the “choice”  —   such as school vouchers  —   are associated with high levels of regulation for the schools that agree to accept them. If DeVos works to achieve a federal mandate for vouchers, private and religious schools and homeschooling families could be required to submit to the Common Core standards and tests, as well as other federal education mandates. In a column at The Hill, Heartland Institute senior fellow Robert Holland explains the “magnitude of the opposition” facing the new secretary from the grassroots parents’ groups opposing Common Core is not a factor to be ignored. Holland writes: As incongruous as it may seem, given DeVos’ championing of a parent’s right to select the best possible school for a child, parents organized in grassroots groups in all 50 states were among the most adamant critics of President Donald Trump’s nominee to lead federal education policy. On social media, these groups have names such as Stop Common Core in Florida (or New Jersey, or Oregon, or Michigan, or insert your own state). Their reach is enormous. The concern for many of these activists boils down to this: While choice may be desirable, it is not feasible when big government imposes uniform requirements on all schools for such central policies as curricula, testing, and teacher evaluation. Holland also urges DeVos to make local control of education a priority to pave the way for local school choice programs by announcing her intention to use her authority to free state and local governments from the oppression of federal control. “A push for federal school vouchers in the current regulatory climate could backfire   either by flopping in Congress or, if enacted, drawing more private and religiously affiliated schools into the   Common Core web,” he warns. “Having a dedicated school choice activist as U. S. education secretary does not alter the reality choices are properly made in communities and homes, not in Washington, DC. ” #5: Invite onto her staff education experts who are committed to the Constitution’s provision that the federal government has no authority in education. Holland calls attention to reports of Common Core supporters on DeVos’s staff and observes grassroots parent activists “see DeVos’s longstanding support of powerful organizations that pushed Common Core standards on schools nationwide as rendering null and void any ‘choice’ that might emanate from Washington, DC under her leadership. ” He urges the new secretary to invite onto her staff as well “education scholars who understand the federal government has no constitutional authority to dictate education policy,” and that the U. S. education department should be “phased out of existence. ” #6: Reverse the Obama administration’s regulatory gutting of the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). In November of 2015,   Trump promised to close the loopholes in the federal privacy law to ensure students’ personal information remains private. The Obama administration gutted FERPA in 2013, thus allowing private student and family information to leave schools without parental consent. In a Pioneer Institute paper titled “Cogs in the Machine: Big Data, Common Core, and National Testing,” authors Pullmann and Robbins joined APP education director Emmett McGroarty to reveal the reason for the Obama administration’s desire to place a “condition” of student data collection upon states when they applied for 2009 federal stimulus money in Race to the Top applications: Federal law prohibits USED [U. S. Education Department] from maintaining a national student database  …     Since the absence of a national database impedes efforts to track citizens and manage the economy by manipulating the workforce, the federal government has for years been building the statutory structure to evade this prohibition. In fact, the law that essentially created the federal role in education also called for databases to monitor compliance with federal law in exchange for federal funds  …     The federal structure now incentivizes states to build identical —  and therefore sharable —  data systems, enabling a de facto national database. “Parents may not sue a school that discloses their child’s PII [personally identifiable information] in violation of FERPA,” the authors say.",0
16527,Desmond Doss: His Only Weapon Was His Conscience,"Desmond Doss: His Only Weapon Was His Conscience Written by Michael E. Telzrow Email 
He refused to touch a gun, yet wanted to serve his country during World War II. After being mocked and badgered for his pacifism, he became a hero and the first “conscientious objector” in U.S. history to be awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor. His incredible story is depicted in the movie Hacksaw Ridge , directed by Mel Gibson and starring Andrew Garfield as Desmond Doss. The article that follows is not about the movie but about the real-life Doss. 

The grenade landed at his feet with a thud. While three other soldiers in Company B of the 307th Infantry scrambled for shelter in a foxhole, Army Company Aid Man, Private First Class Desmond Doss attempted to kick the deadly projectile away with his heavy combat boot. He had only one thought in his mind, and that was to protect his beloved men. Unable to kick the grenade clear, Doss was rocked by an ear-splitting explosion that sent 17 pieces of white-hot shrapnel into his body. Treating himself for shock, he took refuge in the foxhole with his platoon mates and spent a terrifying five hours within yards of the enemy on Okinawa. 
The next day, litter bearers made their way to his position and loaded Doss on a stretcher bound for the safety of an aid station. On the way, they encountered a soldier with a serious head wound. Sensing the severity of the soldier’s wounds, Doss rolled off the stretcher and insisted that the wounded man take his place. Swapping places with the wounded soldier was typical of Doss. By then his deep concern and compassion for his comrades was legendary among the men of the 307th Infantry Regiment. From Guam to Leyte and now Okinawa, Doss had repeatedly placed the safety of his men above his own. When the bloody Okinawa campaign finally ended, Doss had etched his name in the annals of military history as the first conscientious objector to be awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor for bravery under fire. 
History sometimes teaches us that men and women of conviction often rise from the most humble of backgrounds. Greatness is not the sole domain of the powerful or rich, but is often found where one least expects it. Desmond Doss was born on February 7, 1919, in Lynchburg, Virginia. The son of William Thomas Doss, a carpenter, and Bertha Edward Oliver Doss, a shoemaker, he was raised in a devout Seventh Day Adventist family. Ever since he was a young boy, he had been immersed in a faith-based environment, and it exerted a most profound effect upon his life. He formed a deep respect for the 10 Commandments. As a young lad, he was particularly interested in a lithographic print depicting the illustrated Commandments that hung on the wall in his Lynchburg home. One image in particular held his interest. The subject of the Sixth Commandment was the murder of Abel by his brother Cain. The image of Cain with a club in his hand standing over his slain brother caused Doss to ponder the act. “I wondered how in the world could a brother do such a thing? It put a horror in my heart of just killing; and as a result, I took it personally, Desmond, if you love me, you won’t kill.” 
As a young man, Desmond cared for the sick of his community and church, and generally wanted to help others. He seemed to have an inherent desire to assist those in need. By the time he was 21, Doss was a deacon in the Seventh Day Adventist Church. 
“Conscientious Cooperator” 
In 1941, Doss secured a job as a ship joiner in the naval shipyards at Newport News, Virginia. Before the declaration of war, Doss had registered as a conscientious objector, or 1AO status as it was defined by the Army. At first, Doss was against such a designation. He had always linked conscientious objectors with sedition and unpatriotic attitudes. He felt he was anything but that. He wanted to serve his country by caring for the sick and wounded, and bristled at the thought that he would be associated with less honorable men. Despite his unwavering belief in the Sixth Commandment, and his strong Seventh Day Adventist conviction of observing the Sabbath on Saturday, Doss felt he could serve his country as well as anyone. In the end he acquiesced, but always referred to himself as a “conscientious cooperator.” 
For obvious reasons, he specifically requested assignment to medical duty, but partially because that way he could reconcile his beliefs with working seven days a week, because as he said in his own words, “Christ healed on the Sabbath.” Later in life he explained, “I felt like it was an honor to serve my country according to the dictates of my conscience.” In 1942, his number came up, and Doss did what millions of other Americans did in WWII — he left the safety of his civilian job and embarked upon an adventure that would change his life. 
Before he left for active duty, Doss married the love of his life, Dorothy Pauline Schutte, of Richmond, Virginia, on August 17, 1942. It was a marriage that would sustain him throughout the war, and until her accidental death in 1991. After induction and assignment, Doss became a company aid man with the 307th Infantry, 77th Division, United States Army. Almost immediately, he faced routine and unmerciful harassment from his platoon mates. He was mocked and derided for his devotion to prayer, refusal to even touch a weapon, or perform drills and fatigue on Saturdays. Even by the standards of the 1940s, Doss was an anomaly. He eschewed alcohol and gambling, never smoked, and was steadfast in his faithfulness to Dorothy. Naturally, his convictions were seen as old-fashioned and extreme. It was a mix that was sometimes at odds with the more cosmopolitan recruits from the larger cities. Naturally, some of the men resented Doss’s convictions and especially chafed at the idea that he would be excused from Saturday duty. For Doss’s part he did all he could to observe the Seventh Day Adventist Sabbath observance. He even went as far as to work 24 hours on Sunday, and he would later recount how he would swap duty days with a Catholic soldier who wanted to attend Mass on Sundays. 
Doss’s refusal to compromise his religious beliefs and train with weapons prompted his battalion commander, Colonel Gerald Cooney, to consider sending Doss back to the United States for non-combat duty. Cooney later recounted on a television episode of This Is Your Life that Doss “wouldn’t even touch a rifle.” Cooney relented only after Doss’s company commander convinced him otherwise, and that the army medic could be depended upon when the times got rough. Prior to that incident, Doss had been threatened with court-martial for refusing to handle a rifle and had been considered for discharge as a psychological case. Throughout it all, Doss remained steadfast in his convictions and belief that he could perform the duties of a medic without resorting to handling weapons of any kind. 
Once the fighting started, however, the harassment ended. On the island of Guam, Doss changed the minds of his fellow soldiers. The liberation of Guam afforded Doss the opportunity to practice what he had learned in combat medical training, but just as important, it allowed him to prove his worth on the battlefield. From July 21, 1944 through August 10, Doss and the men of the 77th Infantry Division slogged through the jungles of Guam from the southern end of the island to the northern tip, in what was a continuous struggle against a determined Japanese foe. Doss, while not even officially assigned as the unit medic, went out routinely with the advancing forces in the stifling heat of the small Pacific island. He repeatedly removed wounded men from the deadly front, often under intense fire from the enemy. Unarmed and unafraid, Doss saved dozens of men from certain death. Later, in December action at Leyte in the Philippines, Doss traversed an open field under intense fire to assist and retrieve two wounded soldiers. Realizing one was dead, Doss carried the surviving soldier back to a jungle area where he constructed a stretcher out of bamboo and removed the soldier to a safer area. In the end he was awarded the Bronze Star with an Oak Leaf Cluster for his actions on Guam and Leyte. More importantly, he earned the respect of his fellow soldiers. Later, Doss would speak of his actions there: “I knew these men; they were my buddies, some had wives and children. If they were hurt, I wanted to be there to take care of them.” 
Cliffhanger Rescues 
Following Guam and Leyte, the 77th Division found itself as part of the 10th Army under the command of General Simon Bolivar Buckner, Jr., the son of a Confederate General. The objective of the 10th Army was to assault and take control of Okinawa, a small island in the Ryukyu Islands chain, and a mere 350 miles from the Japanese home islands. There, they would face stiff and savage resistance. Before they even got there, the 5th U.S. Fleet suffered major losses from Japanese Kamikaze strikes — 10 major attacks in all. The 5th Fleet sustained 10,000 casualties, half of which were killed in action. Twenty-eight American ships were sunk, but it did not deter the Americans, who launched one of the largest amphibious landings of the war on April 1, 1945. 
Soon after landing on the southern end of the island, it became apparent that the U.S. forces were facing a determined, well-entrenched foe across the entire island — coast to coast. The Japanese employed a now-common defensive technique characterized by intricate and elaborate underground positions, supported by expert use of knee mortars, machine guns, and ferocious frontal attacks. Buckner rejected any idea of a flanking amphibious assault and opted for a series of bloody frontal attacks. From Guadalcanal to Okinawa, the Japanese employed tactics that took advantage of the terrain; especially reverse slopes and escarpments. It was on one such escarpment — the Maeda Escarpment, a 400-foot high, jagged coral ridge — where Doss would write his name in the history books. 
Since April 26, various American units of the 24th and 96th Divisions had been engaged in fierce battle with the Japanese at the Maeda Escarpment. After an artillery barrage of 1,616 rounds, the attack had been launched. The 383rd Infantry easily moved into position at the base of the escarpment, but when the men reached the crest, they suffered 18 casualties in a matter of minutes. The Japanese held Maeda like a vise grip. The geographical fortress was packed with pill boxes, hidden machine gun emplacements, and caves, and it was defended by a foe willing to fight to the death. Despite slight advances on Hills 150 and 152 on April 27, no American forces were able to secure the escarpment. The battle see-sawed back and forth and on April 29, the men of the 307th Infantry went into action. It was here where Private Desmond Doss became the first conscientious objector to perform battle actions that would secure for him the nation’s highest military award. 
Moving into action, the men of Company B, 307th Infantry, cleared the base of the escarpment with flame throwers, grenades, and small-arms fire. Fighting every inch of the way, the men reached the base of the escarpment, exhausted and spent. They had battled innumerable counterattacks, terrifying night battles, and hand-to-hand combat. Daily airstrikes were employed to dislodge the Japanese from their dug-in positions. It had taken Lt. Colonel Gerald D. Cooney’s men of the 307th five days to gain control of Needle Rock to the left of the top of the escarpment. It had taken the battalion nine attempts to finally secure Needle Rock. 
During the night of April 30, the unit brought up five naval cargo nets that Doss helped splice together, and four 50-foot ladders to aid in climbing the peak. On May 1, men of Company A attempted to secure the top of the escarpment by using the ladders. Every man was killed or wounded as soon as he stood up. Company B fared little better. After securing the edge of the escarpment, they were driven off with heavy casualties by a relentless Japanese counterattack. A five-man squad from Company B was mowed down by enemy fire. Doss, as he had done before on Guam and Leyte, crawled on his belly four times to rescue his wounded comrades. On May 2, Companies A and B went back to the edge of the escarpment, but failed to make progress. They tried again on May 3, but were hammered by Japanese knee mortars, grenades, and 81-mm mortar fire from the reverse slope of the escarpment. 
On May 4, the men of the 1st Battalion, 307th infantry continued their fierce fighting with the Japanese. A successful demolition assault cleared a pillbox and cave complex that had been very troublesome, but the enemy was not ready to yield. From camouflaged positions, the Japanese poured a devastating enfilading fire into the Americans. The men of the 307th, those who could still stand, broke for the safety of the rear. Only Doss remained. Aided by covering fire from the remnants of his battalion, Private Doss moved inexorably from one casualty to the other, administering emergency first aid and dragging them to the edge of the escarpment where he lowered them to safety using a litter technique that he had devised back in training at Elkins, West Virginia. Using a series of bowline knots, Doss fashioned a sling that secured each man’s legs through loops and doubled around the chest. It was perfect and ensured that lowering the wounded over the jagged cliff would not result in any additional injuries. For five harrowing hours, Doss went from wounded man to wounded man. Exposed to enemy fire, Doss could only attribute his survival to divine intervention. By the time he was finished, a blood-soaked Desmond Doss had saved at least 75 men, although his commanders thought it was closer to 100. Captain Jack Glover of the 1st Battalion remarked years later when asked about what Doss did during the fighting for the escarpment, “We fought many days on the escarpment and had to leave casualties behind. Doss refused to seek cover.” 
American losses on the escarpment had been heavy. The 1st Battalion lost over 400 men, but the battle was not over for Doss and the men of the 307th. Two weeks later, on May 12, moments after a wounded Doss had given up his stretcher to a man in need, a Japanese sniper bullet slammed into the medic’s arm. The bullet had entered his wrist, exited his elbow and lodged in his upper arm. His arm was shattered and nerves were damaged. Quickly, Doss asked a man named Brooks for his rifle. A dismayed Brooks handed the rifle to the one man in the company who had never touched a weapon. Doss had no intention of using it for its intended purpose. Instead he asked Brooks to help him fashion a splint for his severely damaged arm. When he finally got to the aid station, Doss passed out. 
Damaged Body, Undamaged Faith 
His wounds were his ticket home, but not before surgery to remove 17 pieces of Japanese shrapnel and the setting of his broken arm. While on board a hospital ship, Desmond Doss discovered that his Bible was missing. He guessed that it had been lost as a result of the grenade explosion, and he quickly sent word back to his unit to be on the lookout for it. Remarkably, they were able to recover a scorched and somewhat damp Bible in the general area where Doss had been wounded. In Doss’s mind, the reunification with the Holy Book was another sign of God’s intervention and benevolence. 
For his actions on the Maeda Escarpment, Desmond T. Doss was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor — the first and one of only three awarded to conscientious objectors. The citation read in part: “Through his outstanding bravery and unflinching determination in the face of desperately dangerous conditions, Pfc. Doss saved the lives of many soldiers. His name became a symbol throughout the 77th Infantry Division for outstanding gallantry far above and beyond the call of duty.” Subsequently, he was promoted to corporal and received the nation’s highest military honor at the White House on October 12, 1945. The man once reviled and mocked by his beloved comrades was now a symbol of courage and bravery for the entire division. 
Following the war, Doss spent nearly six years in and out of veterans and military hospitals recovering from his wounds and a case of tuberculosis that he had likely acquired while in service to his country. The disease robbed him of one lung and five ribs that were removed in an attempt to save him. Doss never fully recovered. In 1954, he moved his small family to northwest Georgia near the town of Rising Fawn. There, along with Dorothy and his son, Tommy, Doss tried to make a go of farming, but his injuries and lack of one lung made it extremely difficult. He devoted much of his time to Seventh Day Adventist programs and spoke publicly about his experiences after appearing on a television episode of This Is Your Life in 1959. His beloved wife, Dorothy, passed away as the result of an automobile accident in 1991, and Doss married Frances Duman in 1993. 
In July 2000, six years before succumbing to cancer, the old soldier wrote these words after receiving favorable medical news: “I love God and Christ with all my heart, I have always tried to keep his Ten Commandments. The principles of the commandments are included in the Golden Rule, and I feel that I received the Congressional Medal of Honor because of the love God gave me for my fellow men.” 
Ever a man of conviction and faith, Desmond T. Doss finally succumbed to cancer on March 23, 2006, in Piedmont, Alabama. Photo: President Truman presents Desmond Doss with the Congressional Medal of Honor 
This article is an example of the exclusive content that's available by subscribing to our print magazine. Twice a month get in-depth features covering the political gamut: education, candidate profiles, immigration, healthcare, foreign policy, guns, etc. Digital as well as print options are available!  ",0
16528,MILO on Judge Jeanine: Donald Trump Should Withdraw Funding from Berkeley - Breitbart,"Breitbart Senior Editor MILO appeared on Judge Jeannine Pirro’s show on Saturday night to discuss the aftermath of the UC Berkeley riots.[  MILO appeared on Judge Jeannine Pirro’s show on the Fox News channel on Sunday night to discuss the protests that occurred this week at UC Berkeley. MILO called on President Trump to follow through on a tweet he put out in which he mentioned pulling funds from UC Berkeley for failing to protect MILO’s First Amendment protection to free speech. If U. C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view  —   NO FEDERAL FUNDS?  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2017, ",0
16529,Choke Point of a Nation: The High Cost of an Aging River Lock - The New York Times,"Luther Helland stood on a platform in the middle of the river and surveyed his dam. It was in bad shape. Several of the panels that kept the water back were missing, while others were out of true. Weeks of work stretched before him, compounded by the vagaries of the river. Mr. Helland, 37, is master of Lock and Dam No. 52 on the Ohio River. That makes him responsible for billions of dollars’ worth of cargo and the operation of countless factories, power plants, farms and refineries east of the mighty Mississippi. By extension, then, he is responsible for the livelihoods of millions of Americans. Built in 1929, Lock No. 52 sits in a quiet corner of southern Illinois that happens to be the busiest spot on America’s inland waterways, where traffic from the eastern United States meets and passes traffic from the Gulf Coast and the Mississippi River. More than 80 million tons of grain, coal, fuel and other goods  —   worth over $22 billion  —   move through here each year. “It wouldn’t seem like it, but this is more stressful than when I was in the military,” said Mr. Helland, a farm boy from Wisconsin who worked as an Army welder and machinist in South Korea before he took this job. Lock No. 52 is a serious bottleneck in innumerable supply chains nationwide. It is emblematic of the nation’s crumbling transportation infrastructure coast to coast  —   including locks, ports, highways and railroads.   Donald J. Trump has said he will spend $1 trillion on infrastructure, but how the money will be raised remains unclear. To avoid raising taxes or increasing debt, his plan calls for much of the money to come from the private sector, with a proposed tax credit offered in return. Funding might also come from taxes on repatriated money, as companies receive incentives to return cash that they have been accumulating overseas. Even with a tax credit, though, companies building roads or locks would want a return on their investment  —   most likely in the form of toll collection, said Mike Toohey, president of the Waterways Council, an advocacy group for the river shipping industry. His industry is “not in favor of a toll,” he said. Still, he is optimistic that spending on inland waterways will increase under a new administration. The average delay at No. 52 in October and November was 15 to 20 hours. At the moment, No. 52’s sister dam downriver, No. 53, is adding 48 more hours to the wait. Dealing with both dams, it can take five days to travel just 100 miles on this stretch of the Ohio River. And if something goes wrong at either one  —   which does happen  —   the delay can build to a week or more. On Sept. 14, for instance, all river traffic stopped for an additional 15 hours while emergency repairs were made to No. 52’s dam. No. 52 and No. 53 have been waiting to be blown up since 1998, when a new   near Olmsted, Ill. was supposed to be finished. Authorized in 1988, the project is now wildly over budget and decades behind schedule. What was supposed to cost $775 million and be finished in 1998 will now most likely cost $2. 9 billion and be operational in October 2018 at the earliest. Capt. David Stansbury was in the pilot house of the towboat William Hank, which was tied to a fleet of barges near Metropolis, Ill. waiting for its turn to pass through 52’s lock. “What would happen if both lanes of Interstate 95 were completely shut down for three or four days?” he asked. “You’re talking total gridlock in a major metropolitan area  —   this is the equivalent of that. ” Right now, the inland waterways are out of most Americans’ sights and minds. “If 52 does fail, or one of the other locks fails, and you cut off half the United States from their barge traffic, then you’ll see a public outcry,” Mr. Stansbury said. He explained: If corn cannot get to the factories, the price of any   product will go up, and people will say, “What do you mean I’ve got to pay $10 for a box of cornflakes? Are you out of your mind?” A towboat and its barges need at least nine feet of water to stay afloat. To guarantee this depth from, say, Pittsburgh to Cairo, Ill. a distance of 980 miles, the United States Army Corps of Engineers built dams. The dams make pools. Each pool is like a step, climbing from sea level to the Appalachians, say, or St. Paul. To get from one step to another, boats use water elevators, called locks, that raise anything that floats from one pool to another. Before the locks and dams, many rivers in the United States were low enough to walk across during dry months. On an overcast September morning, the William Hank was pushing 13 barges  —   two tankers of soybean oil, one barge of dry cement, one barge of aluminum ingots, three barges of scrap steel, four barges of iron ingots, one barge of wheat and one of grain  —   a total of 19, 200 tons of cargo, worth around $6. 5 million. Most towboats push a   tow, which holds the equivalent of 225 train cars or 1, 050 truckloads. There is a lot at stake when this much stuff is late. In a low   building on the outskirts of Paducah, Ky. are the offices of Tennessee Valley Towing, which owns the William Hank. Gordon Southern, the company’s senior vice president, calculated that the   river closure on Sept. 14 cost him around $80, 000. His company is just one of dozens. “We call that bleeding,” said Harley Hall, Tennessee Valley Towing’s vice president for operations. “If 52 failed, all that tonnage that passes through here each way, it would have to move on rail and road, and the rail cars aren’t there and there’s no room on the highways. There’s no way to bypass this. ” Domestically, trucks moved five times as many goods, by weight, as ships or barges did in 2013. Trains moved twice as much as was moved via water, and planes moved far less. But 72 percent of all international trade moved via water in 2014, compared with 10 percent by truck, 5 percent by rail, and less than 1 percent by air. Many supply chains rely on multiple modes of transportation, and no single mode has enough redundancy to accommodate the goods of another. “The corps does so much with so little,” Mr. Hall said. “This is the hub, holding all the spokes together,” he said of No. 52, but “until Olmsted is completed we have a ticking time bomb,” referring to the dam under construction in Illinois. The corps, an agency within the federal government, decided to build Olmsted with an experimental “in the wet” construction method: Hollow sections of the dam are built on the bank, skidded down to the river, towed into position and lowered into the water, where they are filled with concrete. Traditionally, a project like this would have used a coffer dam  —   a small temporary dam that keeps water out of the site while construction goes on in the dry. The “in the wet” method was supposed to save time and money and minimize delays, but it did the opposite. By the time the corps realized its folly, it was too late to alter course. The novel construction process and inadequate congressional funding, among other things, have dragged the project past the   mark. Olmsted has been under construction for so long that the company contracted to build it has been bought and renamed three times, the new locks at the Panama Canal  —   Olmsted’s global equivalent  —   have been begun and finished, and grandchildren of the early workers have been hired. Meanwhile, the old locks and dams are costing the country $640 million a year in delays and closures, according to the Army corps. Little has changed at No. 52 and No. 53 since 1929. Each dam is made of over 400 steel or oak panels, called wickets, that sit in the river and hold back water. When the river is high  —   about 40 percent of the year for No. 52, more for No. 53  —   the wickets can be lowered to the river bottom to let boats pass above them. When the water goes down, a   crane from 1937, with a boiler the size of a car, is towed out into the river. A worker reaches into the seething current with a   steel hook and feels around for an   bar. When he has hooked it, the crane grabs the end of the hook, pulls the wicket up, and the force of the current sets it in place. This is repeated until all the wickets are up, which might take 24 hours. “This is all farmer work,” said Mr. Helland, the lockmaster. “If you grew up on a farm, what’s in your back pockets? Either a pair of pliers or a hammer  —   that one tool you always use to fix everything with. ” He sat on the steps of the old white frame house, on a hill above the lock, that serves as his office. “The lock is kept going with all the bubble gum and duct tape we’ve got left,” he said, but “we’re running out. She’s deteriorating so fast it makes it hard to keep up. ” The corps has identified 25 failure points at No. 52 and No. 53  —   things that are on the verge of breaking, and shutting the locks down. Both are built on wood pilings driven into the river bottom sand. The lock walls are cracking and sagging, the hydraulic pipes are paper thin, concrete is crumbling, metal is rusted through, railings are gone, and seals are leaking. Mr. Helland worries about his dam every day. Last year, a family of six drove their pleasure boat down the spillway and four people died. Recently a contractor hit the dam and broke another wicket (cost: $20, 000) adding a   hole to many   holes and a   hole. Each hole makes it harder for the dam to hold back water. After the contractor crash, the smaller lock chamber was shut for a few days because pipes carrying hydraulic fluid to the gate were leaking and about to burst. “These are old backbreaking places,” said Randy Robertson, the    master of Lock and Dam No. 53. “Trying to keep these things going, it’s a struggle every day. We work a lot of overtime just to try and maintain junk  —   and that’s what it is. There are things we can’t get parts for anymore. You can’t just go to a boat store or a hardware store and get a drum for a 1937 steam engine. You have to go to a machine shop and have it machined. ” On a recent Friday, Mr. Robertson’s lock resembled ancient ruins,   emerging from the river. It is still in working order, but it looked abandoned. Paint peeled, concrete cracked, and there was no reason to fix it. Each piece of Olmsted that is placed in the river is “one step closer to 53 being obsolete,” he said. “I’m getting phased out and I’m O. K. with that,” Mr. Robertson said. Earlier, Mr. Robertson was driving past Mound City, Ill. just downstream from Olmsted. The grain harvest was coming in, filling the huge elevators and making   piles on the ground. Trucks carrying grain drove by every few minutes. All the farmers in the surrounding countryside depend on him, he said. If the locks fail, their corn doesn’t get to market. “You know that everybody pinpoints down to you. You see it firsthand, they’ve got a wife, kids, a paycheck,” he said. “If you mess up, you cost everybody. ” Mr. Robertson was lockmaster of No. 52 for five years. Because of the stress, he said, his doctor told him he needed to do something else if he wanted to live. When the job opened up, he was relieved to be transferred to No. 53, where the dam is down more and stress is lower. Even drinking water is at the mercy of the locks. When the corps lowered No. 52’s pool to work on the dam on Sept. 14, Paducah’s intake pipes  —   which suck water directly out of the river  —   could have risen above water. If the closing had persisted for 96 hours, as was predicted, the town of 25, 000 people would have had to find another source of water. A few days later, Mr. Helland stood above the dam on a steel box that would protect his divers from the fierce current when they dived into the river to fix the wickets. The   maneuver boat lay against the dam, boiler hissing. The crane operator jiggled his foot on the pedals. Warm vapor rose from the roiling rapids below. On top of the dam, a milk crate, a dead fish, a bowling ball and hundreds of logs had come to rest. “Did you know bowling balls float?” asked Scott Davis, a lock operator. Earlier that week, it was starting to rain, and Mr. Davis and Sadie, his black dog, were leaving for the night. They walked past three retired wickets on the ground above the lock. The wood was gray, pockmarked and scoured from the river. “This is the   thing I’ve ever seen in my life,” said Mr. Davis, 52. “The wood is spectacular  —   it’s the heartwood of white oak trees. ” He has been taking old wickets home, milling the wood, and making picture frames and coffee tables. “When somebody retires from here, I’m going to give them a picture of a sunset over the lock and a coffee table to put their feet on,” he said. By the time the William Hank was cleared to enter No. 52’s lock, the captain had gone to bed, and the pilot, Jackson Walker (universally called Bubba) was in the pilot house. “I have actually sat on both sides of this lock for a week to a week and a half before,” he said. “That’s money these companies are having to pay these guys just to sit. ” Slowly, the boat chugged toward the lock wall. One thousand feet in front of him, on the head of the tow, a deckhand called over the radio telling him how close he was: “All right, Bubba, four more feet you be looking at daylight on that long wall   …     about a foot or two to the good. ” Mr. Walker maneuvered the William Hank into the   chamber, a temporary addition from 1969 that has long outlived its design life. Instead of a smooth wall, the chamber is made of poured concrete cylinders that almost seem designed to catch the front of a barge. “You can easily get quartered just enough that you can jam up in here and do a bunch of damage,” Mr. Walker said. His tow, like most, was 105 feet wide. The lock chamber is 110 feet wide. To park his     craft, he had as much space as a car does in a crowded parking lot. Gently tapping the stainless steel levers that control the rudders and pulling back and forth on the two throttles, Mr. Walker steered, came ahead, and stopped in the center of the chamber. To his right, the bedraggled condition of the wickets was apparent. “It’s just like holding your fingers up against the water and letting it flow through,” he said. The William Hank had waited eight hours to get here. “This is one of the fastest I’ve seen it,” Mr. Walker said. A man in a neon green vest rode a little yellow scooter to the end of the lock wall. He got out and leaned back on a long metal lever. The lock gate began to creak and groan. A big red gear turned, a black steel arm stretched out, and the gate slowly closed. No. 52 is operated entirely by hydraulics, and Mr. Helland said he could tell by the sound if something was wrong. The lock operator can move a tow through the chamber in an hour by himself, using the levers and a set of buttons inside two sheet metal shacks a little bigger than portable toilets. At Olmsted, this will all be done with clicks of a mouse, but no matter how much money is invested in infrastructure by the Trump administration, Mr. Helland’s shoulders will feel the weight of 80 million tons for at least two more years.",0
16530,John Legend: Hopefully Trump Won’t Last the ’Next Four Years’,"Singer John Legend ripped President Donald Trump in a feature for Fault magazine’s latest issue. [Asked how he’s raising his daughter, Luna, in the era of Trump, Legend said: “Hopefully ‘Trump’s America’ won’t last very long and we get him out of here within the next four years. ”  “By the time Luna is old enough to be aware of what is happening, America would have elected a far better president,” the     said. Legend was a fierce supporter of Hillary Clinton’s candidacy he performed last summer at an   concert fundraiser for the former Democratic nominee. The “Darkness and Light” singer has also repeatedly attacked Trump on Twitter, calling him a “racist” and an “awful person. ” He’s married to supermodel Chrissy Teigen, who previously called Trump a “monumental asshole. ” Legend also told the Hollywood Reporter last November that Trump’s “ ” rhetoric could turn the United States into Nazi Germany. Now, nearly two months after Trump was sworn into office, Legend says he’s “just hoping for the best” to come out of the new administration. “Trump promised to do things which are really bad for the country and some which are good and the hope is he’ll just do the good parts but I don’t have a lot of faith in him,” he said. ” I’m just hoping for the best and when we need to resist and speak out, we need to hit the streets and do it. ” Legend continued: “For now, I’m more worried about the people less fortunate than my daughter, people who might lose their healthcare or get excluded because of the colour of their skin, their religion and country of origin. ” Read the full QA with Legend here.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson",0
16531,This Is What Constipation Does To Your Body,"in: General Health Constipation can be incredibly painful; however, it can also take a big toll on the body. Fortunately, there is a 100% natural solution to constipation. Big pharmaceutical companies don’t want you to know that some of the artificial medication for constipation significantly reduce the effectiveness of the intestines. As a result, some people report that without taking certain medication, they can’t visit the toilet. The good news is, you can solve constipation quite easily. But let’s delve deeply into what constipation can do to the body first. Bad Breath Firstly, constipation can cause bad breath (halitosis). Unfortunately, people who suffer from bad breath don’t always realize that they have a problem. People are unlikely to point out to a person that their breath stinks; therefore, they might miss out on social events and job opportunities due to bad breath. Constipation can cause bad breath because there is a build up of toxic waste and the gasses rise up through the body. Rectal Issues & Infection As stools spend more time in the bowels, water is reabsorbed. As a result, stools get hard and dry. Some constipation suffers report that passing bowels becomes very painful and can take many hours. As a result, the rectum is stretched beyond its limits. This can lead to rectal prolapse, which is a rectum which fails to close. Rectal prolapse sufferers usually wear diapers because stool leaks out of them. Moreover, they are more prone to infection. Increase Toxins The skin is the largest organ in the body and is a reflection of a person’s general health. Constipation typically increases the buildup of toxins in the body. As a result, the skin has to work harder to eliminate toxins. This can cause acne, skin discoloration etc. Therefore, if your skin is bad, don’t buy an expensive beauty product. Take a look at your diet, and whether you suffer from constipation. The skin is a reflection of inner health. Colon Cancer Constipation can also cause colon cancer. The colon is designed to hold a few pounds of stools. Think of it like a plastic bag. Overload with heavy items and it rips. It’s primary function is to transport stool. However, when an individual is constipated, it has to store stool. This puts a strain on the inner membrane and can cause ruptures and internal infections. Invasive surgery may be required in such instances. Loss Of Healthy Bacteria The intestines contain flora (healthy bacteria) which help with immunity and vitamin production. Constipation reduces the concentration of flora, thereby leaving sufferers more susceptible to infection and illness. Moreover, they help to keep stools soft. Therefore, constipation sufferers can go through a downward spiral whereby their condition worsens over time. As people age, they are more likely to get constipated. Moreover, it is more likely to have a serious effect on their health. This is because the body isn’t as resilient. Notably, constipation can have a big effect on quality of life; especially if it comes with one of the serious conditions above. Fortunately, there is a natural cure. Sufferers no longer have to be on a path to deteriorating health. What You Can Do A majority of constipation medication are filled with chemicals which can harm the body, and make constipation worse. Even a product like Metamucil contains ingredients no person should consume, like aspartame. Change your diet! This is one of the best ways to end constipation. Eat plenty of healthy fruits and vegetables and cut out processed foods as much as you can. Eating rancid fats (cooked meat) also doesn’t help with constipation and your digestive system so limiting that as much as possible is important. There are also some great products on the market that can assist you in ending constipation while you spend time changing your diet over time. Wholey Shit is a great example as it contains only a few natural, high quality ingredients -and it works great! You can get a free sample of Wholey Shit here. These types of remedies are a great way to get started and relief naturally and quickly while you further discover how to adjust your diet and lifestyle to reflect better digestion, eating habits and so forth.",0
16532,Todd Kohlhepp Confesses to Superbike Motorsports Homicides · Guardian Liberty Voice,"It’s Wednesday, the trash people picked up my trash at 5:30 this morning… this post is still way more interesting than whats on the news.. carry on.
This was Todd Kohlhepp’s first post to Facebook the day Kala Brown and Charlie David Carver went missing. A little over two months later, Brown was found alive, with a chain around her neck, in a metal storage container on property belonging to Kohlhepp, in Woodruff, South Carolina.
Carver’s 2002 Pontiac Grand Prix was located on the same property, covered with brush and in a ravine. Spartanburg County Coroner Rusty Clevenger confirmed a body was also found, however, no identification was given. Greenville Online reported that Solicitor Barry Barnette, from the 7th Judicial Circuit Court, acknowledged that Brown saw Kohlhepp shoot and kill Carver.
Sheriff Chuck Wright of Spartanburg County appears to think that Kohlhepp is responsible for more than kidnapping. From the new information he received from Brown, Sheriff Wright believes there could be at least four bodies buried on Kohlhepp’s land. Wright told WYFF 4 News:
We’re trying to make sure we don’t have a serial killer on our hands. It very possibly could be what we have.
It was later confirmed that the body discovered was Carver. The couple was reportedly missing for two months before they were found.
Without any knowledge of his past, one can easily mistake Kohlhepp for a nice guy. However, recent reports of his history, paint a totally different picture of him.
The Past Life of Kohlhepp: November 1987, a year after he was charged with rape, Kohlhepp was sentenced to prison at 16 years old. He would not be released until 14 years later, at the age of 30. He has been described as incessantly aggressive to others and property since he was in nursery school. Seemingly without cause, he destroyed his own things, such as electronics, toys, clothing, and pets. These statements were made by the judge who had the rape case turned over to an adult court.
Around the age of 8, he was already seeing a counselor, due to behavioral issues at home. Reportedly, he shot a dog with a BB gun and was hitting other children. Kohlhepp’s father has stated that anger is the only emotion his son shows. This anger only progressed, even with more than a decade in prison and years of counseling. He is currently 45 years old.
The Future of Kohlhepp: Weapons and ammunition were found on Kohlhepp’s property, along with chains above his garage door. It may take weeks to cover the 95 acres of land, in the search for other possible victims. He is under suspicion for seven murders but has only been charged with four of them and kidnapping.
Allegedly, he often invited the waitresses from the Waffle House he frequented in Roebuck to his house. He would leave them large tips. A former cook at the restaurant said the women thought Kohlhepp was creepy. The frequent patron’s behavior became so disturbing, in 2015, the cook started taking his orders.
One of those waitresses was Meagan Coxie, age 26. She and her husband, Johnny Coxie, age 29, were found murdered on Kohlhepp’s property, in early November 2016. They were missing for almost a year. The Coxie’s had a history of panhandling. In December 2015, the waitress was charged with child neglect after their baby tested positive for heroin.
Kohlhepp has not been charged with the Coxie murders, despite the fact their bodies were found on his property.
He has been charged with four slayings committed in 2003, known as the “Superbike murders.” Beverly Guy, Scott Ponder, Brian Lucas, and Chris Sherbert were shot and killed, on Nov. 6, 2003, at Superbike Motorsports. This case remained cold until Kohlhepp offered his confession.
His admission to these four homicides came with his arrest on Nov. 3, 2016. He was taken into custody when police found Brown chained up in a storage container on his land.
In the meantime, Solicitor Barnette asserts that Kohlhepp is a dangerous individual. He is being held without bail and there is a court date scheduled for Jan. 19, 2017.
By Amy Weins
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
Facebook: Todd Kohlhepp
WYFF 4: Woman Missing Since August Found Held Captive, Man Still Missing Police Say
Fox Carolina: Court documents highlight troubled past of man accused of holding Anderson woman captive
Greenville Online: BREAKING: Kala Brown watch Kohlhepp shoot boyfriend, solicitor says
CBS News: The frequent patron’s behavior became so disturbing, the cook started taking his orders
Images Courtesy of micro.81’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    Charlie David Carver , Johnny Coxie , Kara Brown , Kohlhepp , Meagan Coxie , spot",0
16533,A Trump Fan Just Put Hillary In An Electric Chair On His Front Lawn,"Comments 
A suburban Detroit homeowner and Trump supporter just took the Republican Party platform and proudly displayed it on his front lawn, creating a despicably terrifying display of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton sitting in a mock electric chair, screaming in agony as she is executed. 
The photo of the offensive display was taken by a reader in Waterford Township, a suburb northwest of Detroit which is 89% populated by white residents. It’s unknown if authorities have been alerted, but this display is the end result of months of extremist electioneering by the Trump and Republican Party, who have been hell-bent on dehumanizing   
American politics never had a tradition of demanding the jailing of one’s political opponent, nor to encouragement of supporters to engage in political violence, but that’s today’s Republican Party under Donald Trump. His campaign has broken America’s political taboos with open calls for violence, even winding up under Secret Service investigation twice. Trump himself drew an unprecedented public scolding from the Secret Service for saying that “ second amendment people ” should take matters into their own hands if/when he Hillary beats him. 
Trump’s sycophantic surrogates Chris Christie and Rudy Giuliani completely debased the high titles of their former prosecutorial offices within the federal government by calling for Hillary Clinton to be “locked up.” Sadly, that has become the only policy proposal of the Republican Party — beyond Trump’s plans to kiss up to Russia’s dictator Vladimir Putin and Mike Pence’s plan to manage women’s health with scripture. 
Now, Trump’s followers have internalized the calls for political violence, and here is is the result in suburban Michigan: 
It doesn’t get any more deplorable than this, folks.",0
16534,Alex Rodriguez Is at Peace as He Walks Away - The New York Times,"On a typical game day, Alex Rodriguez would ride to work up Broadway, through Harlem and Washington Heights  —   where he was born  —   and into the South Bronx. It was a quiet time when he could sit in the back, stare out the window at the city passing by him, and formulate a game plan. But on Friday, as Rodriguez made the journey for the last time as a Yankees player, it was a moment of nostalgia. He said he thought back to all his great memories, including the 2009 World Series championship, and perhaps other notable moments, like his two Most Valuable Player Awards as a Yankee, his 3, 000th hit, and even the drive home after losing Game 7 to the Red Sox in 2004. He also hit 196 home runs at Yankee Stadium heading into Friday night’s game, and 696 over all. For people who know Rodriguez well, the idea that he would retire from baseball before he became the fourth player to hit 700 home runs simply does not compute. It may be difficult, but over the last two years, a transformative period in his life, Rodriguez has come to the conclusion that there are more important things than baseball milestones. “Hal has given me an opportunity to stay in the organization,” Rodriguez said of Hal Steinbrenner, the Yankees owner who offered Rodriguez a job as a special adviser through 2017. “With all my   and how badly I acted, the fact that I’m walking out the door and Hal wants me as part of the family  —   that’s hitting 800 home runs for me. That’s something I will be able to share with my daughters for a long time. ” Rodriguez’s contrition and acknowledgment that he behaved poorly during the Biogenesis scandal has been liberating and uplifting for him. There was a time in 2013 when he responded to drug accusations by filing lawsuits against Major League Baseball, the players’ union and members of the Yankees’ medical staff. But on the eve of spring training in 2015, after quietly serving a   suspension for his admitted use of   substances, he went with hat in hand to Yankee Stadium. Accompanied by Jim Sharp, his new lawyer and mentor, he personally apologized to Steinbrenner, the team president Randy Levine and General Manager Brian Cashman. Since then he has acted virtually without fault in public, and his metamorphosis into a respected elder statesman is what enabled him to leave with dignity intact, proud to tell his daughters that yes, he messed up, but he atoned, too. Still, it will be difficult to give up the game. Few have ever loved playing baseball more than Rodriguez, and some team may seek to sign him after the Yankees were to officially release him at the conclusion of Friday’s game. The Marlins, from Rodriguez’s hometown, Miami, could have interest. But Rodriguez, while not ruling anything out, sounded content with the idea that his time may be up. He went into Friday batting . 199, the lowest of his career, and he joked that merely making contact three times against the Red Sox on Thursday was an accomplishment. Exhausted from the tumult of the last week, he said he probably would not even take calls from anyone  —   unless it was Hal Steinbrenner  —   for a while. “Baseball has a funny way to tap you on the shoulder when you least expect it and tell you it’s the end,” he said. “I’m at peace, and I’m really excited. This is a happy day for me and my family. ” Rodriguez planned to go back to Miami to decompress. His mind could change, and the Yankees would not stand in his way. But there is also something to be said for retiring as a Yankee, his team since 2004. “For me, wearing the pinstripes is enough,” he said. His official duties as an adviser and instructor will not begin until next spring, although Rodriguez said he may visit Tampa to check in on some of the Yankees’ prospects. He also said he would vigorously support the team that was about to release him, as they pursue playoff position. The Yankees went into Friday’s game three and a half games out of the second American League   spot. “Crazier things have happened, and there is a lot of talent in that clubhouse,” he said. “When you think about what Gary Sanchez has brought into our clubhouse just the last week, it’s exciting and fun to watch. This team can do some special things. It can surprise people, for sure. ” A baseball junkie who regularly watches late West Coast games in his home after Yankees games have ended, Rodriguez warned that he would not be able to watch his former team right away, though. “If I wake up on time tomorrow I would watch tomorrow’s game,” he said with a chuckle. “I may have a couple cocktails tonight, so I may not wake up at game time tomorrow. But I’ll definitely watch Sunday’s game. ”",0
16535,Unrelenting Assault on Aleppo Is Called Worst Yet in Syria’s Civil War - The New York Times,"Undeterred and infuriated by Western accusations of war crimes and barbarity in the aerial assault on Aleppo, the Syrian government and its ally Russia intensively bombed the city in northern Syria on Monday for the fourth consecutive day. Residents and rescuers there described the bombardment as among the worst yet in the   war. Both the Kremlin and the Syrian government appeared to harden their position that the United States and its partners had caused the disintegration of a fleeting   last week. The Russians went as far as suggesting that the Western portrayal of them as war criminals in the Syria conflict risked a further alienation in relations.   neighborhoods in eastern Aleppo were hit with dozens of air attacks in the predawn hours, killing and wounding many people, according to doctors, nurses and activists in the city. By some estimates the deaths totaled 100 or more for the fourth day. A number of monitor groups disseminated graphic photos and video clips portraying the medical mayhem wrought by the bombings. The Aleppo Media Center, a group of antigovernment activists and citizen journalists who have sought to document the conflict, posted  video footage of civilian victims on a dirty hospital floor getting little more than simple bandages for wounds. Stockpiles of food and supplies have dwindled to near nothing on the   side, according to a  report from Aleppo by Agence  . It also said a shortage of blood for transfusions had forced doctors at the few functioning hospitals to amputate limbs of the seriously wounded. Save the Children, the international charity, said children were “dying on the floors of hospitals” for lack of ventilators, anesthetics and antibiotics. The crisis in Aleppo has drastically worsened since Thursday, when Syrian and Russian warplanes sharply escalated the bombing of the divided city as the   negotiated by the Russians and Americans, collapsed. The volume of bombings has increased, residents and rescue workers in Aleppo have said, and incendiary weapons and   bombs that can destroy underground shelters have been used for the first time, wreaking havoc on crowded neighborhoods. One Syrian ambulance crew called Shafak said Sunday that half the dead it had collected over the weekend were children, according to Save the Children. Forty percent of the population in eastern Aleppo are children, Save the Children said, a statistic that helps to explain the high rates of young casualties. Ahmad Mustafa Makiyya, a volunteer with the ambulance team, said he had to pull his own family members from the rubble of their house, which was struck on Monday. The house was close to a gathering point for day laborers, he said, making the area especially crowded. At an emergency meeting of the United Nations Security Council on Sunday, the United States, Britain and other allies said that the Russians were abetting war crimes in Aleppo by the government of President Bashar  . “  bombs, more suited to destroying military installations, are now destroying homes, decimating bomb shelters, crippling, maiming, killing dozens, if not hundreds,” Matthew Rycroft, Britain’s ambassador to the United Nations, told the Council session. Mr. Rycroft said that “in short, it is difficult to deny that Russia” is committing war crimes. Samantha Power, his American counterpart, accused the Russians of “barbarism. ” Russia’s government, which has called the military campaign a necessary response to terrorist groups in Syria, responded harshly on Monday to the criticism. “We note the overall unacceptable tone and rhetoric of the representatives of the United Kingdom and the United States, which can damage and harm our relations,” Dimitry S. Peskov, a Kremlin spokesman, told reporters in Moscow. Mr. Peskov said moderate Syrian opposition groups backed by the United States and Western and Arab allies had not complied with the terms of the   by failing to separate themselves from the jihadist fighters of the Nusra Front, which now calls itself the Levant Conquest Front. “Terrorists continue their encroachments, they continue offensives,” he said, so that “naturally the fight against terrorists is ongoing, and must not be stopped. ” International aid groups that have long denounced the indiscriminate brutality of the Syrian war were aghast at the intensified bombings in Aleppo. The city is home to roughly two million people, including at least 250, 000 who live in the   eastern zones. The Union of Medical Care and Relief Organizations, a   group that supports hospitals in Syria, said the use of   bombs in recent days had made the crisis more desperate. “These bombs have the capacity to destroy fortified hospitals, medical points and underground shelters (where tens of thousands are taking shelter) at high risk,” the group said in a statement. The United Nations secretary general, Ban   who has repeatedly denounced what he has called the Syrian government’s culpability in most civilian casualties of the war, also expressed shock at the use of   bombs. “These bombs are not busting bunkers,” he said. “They are demolishing ordinary people looking for any last refuge of safety. International law is clear: The systematic use of indiscriminate weapons in densely populated areas is a war crime. ” The power of these bombs is far more destructive than the barrels stuffed with explosives and shrapnel that Syrian government forces have been dropping on   areas, where they kill and maim indiscriminately. An ordinary building hit by the   barrel bombs will crumble, but the bunker busters obliterate buildings and also leave deep and wide craters, said James Le Mesurier, director of the Stichting Mayday Rescue Foundation, a group that supports the civil defense search and rescue crews known as the White Helmets. While underground bunkers in eastern Aleppo have afforded civilians some measure of protection from barrel bombs, Mr. Le Mesurier said, the bunker busters leave no place to hide. Caroline Anning, a spokeswoman for Save the Children in southern Turkey, said Syrian relief workers she had spoken to in recent days told her they no longer felt safe in underground bunkers. Schools  —   such as they are, operating in basements  —   have been shut since early July in   eastern Aleppo. They were scheduled to resume on Saturday, though that now seems unlikely, Ms. Anning said. There was little indication Monday that diplomacy could be revived to stop the Aleppo assault, with each side blaming the other. Mr. Assad and his subordinates, emboldened by Russia’s assistance, have said over the past week that they intend to retake the entire city by force if necessary. Syria’s foreign minister, Walid   said in a television interview that he considered the United States responsible for the collapse of the   and that Mr. Ban’s comments on the Aleppo bombings were “shameful. ” Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, told reporters in Washington that diplomacy remained for now the only viable option for reducing the fighting in Syria and ending the war. However, Mr. Earnest said, “it is hard to imagine the United States reaching any other negotiated agreement with the Russians until they have lived up to the commitments they have already made. ”",0
16536,Trump Voter’s Insane Reason For Voting For Trump Is Making Internet LOSE IT (TWEETS),"Google Pinterest Digg Linkedin Reddit Stumbleupon Print Delicious Pocket Tumblr 
Most sane people are horrified at the idea of a Donald Trump presidency. However, there’s a substantial portion of the electorate that seems not to see just how absolutely dangerous the guy is as just a presidential candidate, much less how dangerous he would be as president. However, it seems that some of Trump’s supporters DO recognize that he’s a total nutcase, but plan to vote for him anyway. One woman’s reason is truly out of this world. A lady named Crystal said of her choice to vote for Trump: 
“Oh I think he’s crazy, and he may get us killed, but at least he’s going to be truthful with us.” Ultimate Trump Voter Quote, from Crystal: ""Oh I think he's crazy, and he may get us killed, but at least he's going to be truthful with us."" pic.twitter.com/Qz4u7OIzB0 
— Daniel Dale (@ddale8) October 29, 2016 
Of course, Crystal’s reason for her choice prompted much ridicule on Twitter. Here are just a few of the more fun tweets laughing at the absurdity of this logic: @MikeLewisTO @ddale8 ""I'm nuking Germany because that dog Angela Merkel said my hands were tiny. Believe me. Get affairs in order now.""",0
16537,Camera Catches Woman’s Spirit Leaving Body After Car Accident,"posted by Eddie Those who don’t believe in the spirit life after death may change their tune after checking this out. Usually it’s some sort of visual proof one needs, and this accident video certainly provides just that. A tragic accident occurs when a truck hits a woman on a motorcycle. The woman hits a telephone pole, dies right away. Then this happens. You’ll likely have to review it several times as it’s hard for even the believers out there to realize what they are witnessing. The bike gets hit and the woman goes right into the power pole. That’s when suddenly a black silhouette of a person can be seen, haven risen out from the woman’s body. This certainly gives a lot of thought about the idea of afterlife, spirits, and so forth. Rarely do we see a death on video, as it happens. Especially one where the person dies instantly. Often people can remain alive after horrific accidents, part of their vitals still operating. But here, it is more than clear, that a life has indeed ended in brutally instant fashion. And with that, be warned that indeed it is pretty graphic, though it goes by quick. It’s a death and it’s not pleasant to view, but many may believe the fascinating after-image is showing a new life of spirit beginning. Share with others who can handle such a video and start a discussion on whether it appears real and could in fact be footage of an actual spirit leaving one’s body! 
source:",0
16538,Minnesota Players Rescind Boycott and Will Play in Holiday Bowl - The New York Times,"The University of Minnesota football team on Saturday rescinded its threatened boycott of a bowl game, a protest that had been intended to persuade the administration to lift the suspensions of 10 players entangled in a sexual assault inquiry. Team leaders continued to say that the 10 players, whose suspensions remain in effect, were being punished without the benefit of due process. Minnesota will meet Washington State in the Holiday Bowl on Dec. 27 in San Diego, avoiding what would have been the first time a   college football team had missed a game because of a player protest in at least decades. Team leaders gathered Saturday morning at a hastily arranged news conference in a team meeting room in the Bierman Field Athletic Building on campus to announce the decision, which came after a lengthy meeting on Friday night of team leaders with the university’s president, Eric W. Kaler, and Athletic Director Mark Coyle. Wide receiver Drew Wolitarsky, a senior, read a statement from the team, saying, “After many hours of discussion within our team, and after speaking with President Kaler, it became clear that our original request of having the 10 suspensions overturned was not going to happen. ” The statement continued, “We as a team will use our status as public figures to bring more exposure to the issue of sexual harassment and violence against women. ” The statement added that “sexual harassment and violence against women have no place on this campus, on our team, in society. ” The statement also said that the players had secured a promise that the suspended players would eventually be given a “fair hearing  —   which includes a diverse review panel. ” Though the university’s Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action concluded last week that the 10 players had violated the university’s code of conduct  —   with four committing sexual assault according to the university’s rules, which require affirmative consent  —   sanctions have yet to be determined. Kaler said those hearings would most likely be in January and could not be scheduled before the bowl game because of final exams. He had clarified in a statement Friday night that the suspensions, which were announced Tuesday, were an athletics department decision, separate from whatever consequences might stem from the university’s finding. Kaler had seemed to put the ball in the players’ court Friday night when he pledged in that statement not to “change our values or our code of conduct for the sake of a bowl game. ” On Saturday, Kaler said that his subsequent meeting with team leaders “was a very frank and candid conversation, and I’m glad it led to this resolution. ” The team’s threatened boycott highlighted the significant voice that ostensibly amateur athletes in   sports in prominent conferences (Minnesota is a member of the Big Ten) have, by virtue of their popularity and impact on the athletics department’s bottom line. The episode also touched on a debate embroiling campuses nationwide over how universities must balance their legal obligation to investigate sexual assault with their need to be fair to all students, including those accused of sexual assault. It also displayed the quandary in which administrations find themselves given federal privacy laws. The players’ statement acknowledged as much, saying: “We also understand that they have requirements that they need to follow about sharing information. Yet at the same time, we observed how our teammates’ names and pictures were shared with the world, and reputations ruined. ” After a woman accused several men of sexual assault in September, a criminal investigation led to no prosecutions and a restraining order was dropped as part of a settlement, while four players served   suspensions. The accused have insisted that there was only consensual sex. But the   investigation, whose conclusions were obtained by a Minneapolis television station, used the “preponderance of the evidence” standard of proof rather than the criminal justice system’s higher standard of “beyond a reasonable doubt. ” Coach Tracy Claeys, who led the Golden Gophers to an   record in his first full season in the job, had backed the players’ protest on Twitter. He and several assistants reportedly sat in the back of the room while Wolitarsky read the statement. The investigation report, which relied on interviews, video and other documentation, contained graphic details about what happened the night of the episode. It also stated that a Gophers football recruit had been there he was underage, according to court records. Kaler said Saturday that “the football team action was in support of their teammates. ” “It was not in support of sexual violence,” he said. “The players are clear about their involvement in preventing sexual violence. Their values are in support of the victims of sexual violence. ”",0
16539,Rules of the Game,"Email 
The underpinnings of a decent society are neutral laws — laws that favor no particular individual or group — and the impartial enforcement of those laws. The U.S. Supreme Court's job is to ensure the impartial enforcement of our laws. But our two presidential candidates differ in their visions of court appointees. Hillary Clinton says that she would ""look broadly and widely for people who represent the diversity of our country"" and that ""we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights (and) on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community."" In contrast, Donald Trump says, ""I will appoint justices who, like Justice (Antonin) Scalia, will protect our liberty with the highest regard for the Constitution."" Limited government and rule of law are conflict-reducing, whereas diversity-oriented justices who stand up for the rights of particular individuals are conflict-enhancing. Let's look at a simple example of the benefit of neutral rules and their impartial enforcement. 
Football teams spend four quarters battling each other. After the conflict, players and coaches shake hands and often hug one another. Their competitive struggle ends peacefully, as well as on friendly terms, because the referees, whom we can think of as justices, enforce neutral rules impartially. There would be a different outcome if referees exercised compassion instead of impartial rule enforcement. Let's be specific. 
On Nov. 20, the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Cleveland Browns will play. So far this season, the Browns have not won a single game; their record is 0-9. On top of this sad record, the Browns have not had a winning season since 2007. By contrast, the Steelers haven't had a losing season since 2003. In anyone's book, this is a gross disparity. On Nov. 20, should the referees have the empathy to understand what it's like to be a perennial loser? What would you think of a referee whose decisions are guided by empathy? Let's be explicit. 
In the name of compensatory justice, referees might stringently apply pass interference or roughing the passer violations against the Steelers and apply the rules less stringently against the Browns. Another question is: Would you support a referee who refuses to make defensive pass interference calls because he thinks it's a silly rule? You'd probably remind him that the league makes the rules, not referees. Most people would agree that football justice requires that referees apply the rules blindly and independent of the records or any other characteristic of the two teams. They would also agree that referees should impartially apply the rules of the game even if they personally disagree with some of the rules. 
If referees exercised compassion, football games would not end so peaceably. Losing coaches and players would not feel a need to go back to the drawing board and figure out how they could improve themselves. Instead, they would focus their energies on choosing sympathetic referees. 
The essence of a Supreme Court justice's job is just like that of a referee — namely, impartially enforcing the U.S. Constitution, our rules of the game. The status of a person appearing before the court should have absolutely nothing to do with the rendering of a decision. That's why Lady Justice, often appearing on court buildings, is shown wearing a blindfold. It's to indicate that justice should be meted out impartially, regardless of identity, power or weakness. Also, as Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes said, ""men should know the rules by which the game is played. Doubt as to the value of some of those rules is no sufficient reason why they should not be followed by the courts."" In other words, the legislative branch makes the rules, not judges. True justice must be settled by process questions, such as: Were the rules unbiased and evenly applied? If so, any outcome of the game of life is just. Decisions based upon empathy would make it unjust. 

Walter E. Williams is a professor of economics at George Mason University. To find out more about Walter E. Williams and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate webpage at www.creators.com . 
COPYRIGHT 2016 CREATORS.COM Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
16540,How to Have a Luxury Vacation for Less - The New York Times,"Who doesn’t like the idea of a luxury vacation? Ponying up the money for an upscale getaway, on the other hand, isn’t nearly as appealing as going on one. Fortunately, says Joel Widzer, an expert on saving money on travel and the author of the book “The Penny Pincher’s Guide to Luxury Travel,” there are ways to cut the cost of a fancy trip. Here, he shares tips for a lavish getaway on a limited budget. BE A HOTEL LOYALIST. Favoring one hotel brand, such as Marriott, Starwood, Hilton or Hyatt, has major saving benefits, according to Mr. Widzer. “Hotel brands reward frequent guests who sign up for their loyalty programs with room upgrades, free hotel nights and free breakfast, and they even waive annoying fees such as the cost of valet parking,” he said. Loyalty pays off at independently owned properties, too. If you’re a traveler who returns to the same destination often, say Paris or Lake Tahoe, it’s a good idea to keep staying at the same hotel there. Mr. Widzer, for example, used to stay at the same luxury boutique property on his frequent trips to Santiago, Chile, and by his third visit, he was treated to freebies such as a minifridge stocked with his favorite snacks, free airport transfers and upgrades to a   suite  —   perks worth several thousand dollars over time. USE CREDIT CARD POINTS ON   CHAIN HOTELS. Those points you accumulate every time you put a charge on your card aren’t just good for buying airline tickets, Mr. Widzer said. With certain credit cards, travelers can redeem the points they earn for accommodations at luxury hotels, like using points earned on a Chase Ultimate Rewards card toward stays at   properties around the world. TRAVEL WHEN OTHERS AREN’T. When destinations have fewer travelers, prices are lower. Head to Sardinia in August, for example, and   hotel rates and inflated prices are in store. But a trip in October means mild weather and prices at hotels and on services such as boat rentals that are up to 50 percent lower than during peak season. FOR AN EXOTIC DESTINATION OR A MULTICITY TRIP, CONSIDER A PACKAGE TOUR. Planning an upscale vacation without using a luxury tour provider for a major city or a popular destination such as Maui isn’t difficult, but it is logistically harder to pull off an affordable yet lavish getaway to less common destinations such as Ethiopia or on themed multicity trips, such as the capital cities of the Eastern Bloc. In instances like these, Mr. Widzer said, it’s cheaper to rely on a company that specializes in upscale tours (Abercrombie  Kent and Tauck are two). “These trips can be either group or private, and since these companies can negotiate favorable prices through their local contacts, their tours have a lot of   inclusions such as meals, tickets to cultural performances and    access to tourist attractions,” he said.",0
16541,"Syrian Rebels Brace for a Trump Cutoff, and Look for a Silver Lining - The New York Times","BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   The hours are ticking down to what the Syrian government and its main ally, Russia, say could be the most devastating aerial assault yet on besieged   districts in the Syrian city of Aleppo. The Obama administration has offered no military lifeline even to rebel groups it has vetted and backed. But Donald J. Trump, the American   has gone a step further, at least in his remarks, suggesting that he will end all support to rebels and perhaps even treat the Syrian and Russian governments as allies in the fight against the Islamic State. Some rebels and civilian supporters say such a move might not make much practical difference, and would at least put the American position out in the open, instead of hiding it behind condemnations of Bashar   the Syrian president. Seeking a silver lining, some rebels express hope that American allies like Saudi Arabia and Turkey would then go it alone and defy United States orders not to provide more sophisticated weapons to rebels  —   though in the short term, such a cutoff could mean losing supplies of American antitank guided missiles. “At least today we can get rid of the burden of this   harmful friend,” said Hisham Skeif, a member of a local council of rebels and civilians in an   part of Aleppo, where, the United Nations says, 250, 000 people are trapped. Referring to the United States, he added, “Today, we know that they are really and practically not backing us, whereas before, we considered them our friend while they were implementing our opponents’ agenda. ” But other rebel leaders, as well as policy analysts in the Middle East and in Washington, caution that it is too early to determine from a few statements how Mr. Trump will approach the complicated war, which contains several interlocking conflicts. In suggesting that he would abandon support for   rebel groups in Syria, Mr. Trump appeared to be referring to a covert C. I. A. program. The effort has coordinated aid from the United States and its allies  —   at its peak, close to $1 billion a year  —   for rebel groups fighting Mr. Assad that were deemed relatively moderate by United States officials, including several of the main groups in and around Aleppo. But some of those groups, in a separate offensive aided by Turkey, have pushed the Islamic State back from the Turkish border and appear to be on the verge of retaking the city of Al Bab from the extremist group, which Mr. Trump has vowed to defeat. A Pentagon program supports other rebel groups working with Kurdish militias to fight the Islamic State. “We don’t consider his statements to represent the new U. S. administration stance,” said Bassam Hajj Moustafa, the political spokesman for the Nour     rebel faction, which lost its American support after being deemed too close to   groups. Mr. Moustafa called Mr. Trump’s statements “a show” tainted by earlier “racist, problematic comments,” adding, “We’re not taking them seriously, and they will be deleted later. ” Frederic C. Hof, a former Obama administration official who has been a vociferous advocate for more robust intervention against Mr. Assad, said it was too early to predict Mr. Trump’s Syria policy  —   especially since he had more to learn about the conflict. “No doubt Mr. Trump will learn during the course of his intelligence briefings,” Mr. Hof wrote in an essay published by the Atlantic Council, a Washington policy institute, that Mr. Assad’s “collective punishment policy” and “mass homicide” of opponents drives recruitment for the Islamic State and Al Qaeda. Ending United States support for rebels would only push them closer to   groups, Mr. Hof and other analysts say. Mr. Trump’s statements about Syria so far, Mr. Hof noted, came in a domestic political campaign in which he emphasized the threat of the Islamic State and played on fears of Muslims among his base, with no room for the nuances and contradictions of the Middle East. For instance, Mr. Trump has vowed to be tougher on Iran  —   which, along with Russia, provides decisive support to Mr. Assad. Mr. Trump’s victory was closely watched across Syria. Like people the world over, Syrians reacted instantly with a mix of surprise, enthusiasm, despair and confusion. Syrian officials generally welcomed the result, and an adviser to Mr. Assad, Bouthaina Shaaban, said the government was ready to work with Mr. Trump. Syrian officials and their main allies, Russia, Iran and Hezbollah, had drawn up their military plans to come as close as possible to taking back all of Aleppo by January, out of concern that if Hillary Clinton won the election, she might increase support for rebels or enact a   zone. Nizar   50, serving coffee in a Damascus hotel, called Mr. Trump “more straight and clear than Clinton,” saying he “wants to ally with Russia and Assad. ” But some Assad supporters expressed trepidation about Mr. Trump for the reasons many in the opposition cited: his comments denigrating Muslims and his vows to reduce the flow of Syrian refugees into the United States. A guard at the entrance to a   area around the Sayeda Zeinab shrine said Mr. Trump would be little different in practice from Mr. Obama. “A dog gave birth to a puppy,” he said. Some Syrian opponents of Mr. Assad agreed, saying they expected little real help from the United States in a war that has killed 400, 000 people and displaced half of Syria’s population. Others, though, were crestfallen, seeing Mr. Trump as similar to authoritarian figures like Mr. Assad and his allies, Vladimir V. Putin in Russia and Abdel Fattah   in Egypt. “Assad in Syria, Putin in Russia, Sisi in Egypt,” Malek Tarboush, a photographer in eastern Aleppo, said in a Twitter post. What could be worse? “Trump. ” On Sunday night, fighting in Aleppo appeared to be worsening. Doctors reported that at least six people in rebel territory, including children, were killed when a government artillery round hit a car. New leaflets dropped over rebel territory promised safety to anyone willing to leave, an offer so far met with skepticism on the rebel side, with the government saying rebels refused to let people out. “We give you 24 hours only to take the decision to leave,” one leaflet read. “Your worn, rotten leadership outside is unable to get you out. ”",0
16542,Hurricane Mathew vs. shock and awe of empire,"Hurricane Mathew vs. shock and awe of empire By Philip A Farruggio Posted on October 28, 2016 by Philip A Farruggio 
On Friday, October 7, we were awaiting the hurricane named Mathew that was fast approaching Daytona Beach Florida. My wife and I were hunkered down in our master bedroom in what was supposed to be the safest part of our townhome, that being the western part. 
Mathew was slowly getting closer from the east, and the winds were picking up. At around 11 A.M., a category 3 monster attacked us with its shock and awe. As we were ready to crawl into our bedroom closet, with our two kitty cats in their travel cases in the bathroom, the 100 mph winds were causing havoc to our neighborhood. I went past the barricade of our two chests of drawers to peer out the bedroom windows. I could see the pine trees out back just bending to and fro. At that moment I felt this uneasy, frightened feeling in my gut. I was scared shit! I looked at my wife and tried to hide the desperation that overwhelmed me . . . thoughts of all of us being killed by a tree crashing into our bedroom! 
Moments later, before we went into the closet to ride this devil out, a crash! A powerful crash that felt like a bomb had hit our house. Boom! I ran to the window and saw where the pine tree behind our house had snapped from the middle, flying into us. Then the heavy rain had found its way into our domain. It ran like a fountain down the walls! We used up every towel and comforter we had in our home to soak up as much as we could . . . for two hours we did this, and then the storm began to ease up. 
A neighbor down the street from us invited us to go and stay in her late father’s empty house. It literally took us two hours to finally have the courage to leave our home, run to our car outside, pack it with clothes and our kittens and drive down the street. There were two pine trees wavering out front, looking like they were ready to crush our parked car. Fallen trees and debris made our street look like perhaps Berlin in April of 1945. 
I wish everyone, and I mean everyone who had ‘waved the flag’ and vociferously supported our country’s attacks on Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya, using shock and awe in all instances, could have been here with my wife and me on that fateful day a few weeks ago. To experience what we went through for but a few hours, and then pause and study the damage our carpet bombing campaigns had done to the people of those three nations would be most enlightening to say the least. Imagine being a mother and father with a few small children, hunkered down in some highly vulnerable home, and hearing the ghastly whistle sound of the bombs being dropped on them. Take that one solitary boom and shock that we heard and felt on October 7 here in Daytona, and multiply it by a hundred recurrences over a period of days or weeks. Seeing your child’s arm or eye blown away, with the blood flowing like that rain down the walls of my home, and maybe then one can realize just how brutal our Shock and Awe was. 
It’s so easy for the two empire’s puppets, Trump and Clinton, to talk of being tough and powerful, when it isn’t their families that are under the jackboot of Uncle Sam. Shame on them! And shame on those of you out there who will support leaders and wanna be leaders who strut like peacocks waving MY flag. Yes, MY flag should not be for sale. Too many good men and women have lost their lives for it. Too many other good men and women have lost their limbs, eyes and even their brains because of phony Shock and Awe con men whom they believed in. 
Philip A Farruggio is son and grandson of Brooklyn, NY, longshoremen. A graduate of Brooklyn College (class of ’74 with a BA in Speech & Theater), he is a freelance columnist posted on World News Trust, Nation of Change Blog, Op Ed News,TheSleuthJournal.com, Intrepid Report, Information Clearing House, Dandelion Salad, Activist Post, Dissident Voice, Counterpunch and many other sites worldwide. Philip works as an environmental products sales rep and has been a street corner protest activist leader and Green Party member since 2000. In 2010 he became a local spokesperson for the 25% Solution Movement to Save Our Cities by cutting military spending 25%. Philip can be reached at . This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .",0
16544,"Severe Allergies to Peanuts, Eggs and Dairy Directly Linked to Ingredients in Common Vaccines",". Severe Allergies to Peanuts, Eggs and Dairy Directly Linked to Ingredients in Common Vaccines Have you read The Peanut Allergy Epidemic by historian Heather Fraser? She begins by asking us wh... http://humansarefree.com/2016/10/severe-allergies-to-peanuts-eggs-and.html Have you read The Peanut Allergy Epidemic by historian Heather Fraser? She begins by asking us why the peanut allergy epidemic is only found in Western cultures, where at least 4 million people experience the mysterious phenomenon, yet there are virtually no reported cases in India, where peanuts just so happen to be the main ingredient in most baby food products. Consider this: one century ago, you couldn't find anyone allergic to peanuts, but now it's commonplace for parents to send EpiPens to school for the teacher and nurse to keep near to their children, just in case someone so much as opens a snack in the room that contains peanuts, or even if someone opens a food product that was so much as manufactured in ""a facility that processes peanuts."" What's wrong with the human body that it would go into anaphylactic shock from a seemingly harmless food ingredient that couldn't harm a soul a hundred years ago? Today, peanuts cause the most common severe food allergy reactions , and are the number one cause of death from food reactions, and for good reason: Peanut oil was never meant to be put in a syringe and injected into muscle tissue. Peanut oil is a non-stated, hidden ingredient in children's vaccines Back in 2010, one family had their 6-month-old child taken away from them and were accused in court of shaken baby syndrome, until their attorney presented corroborating medical information about the child's anaphylactic reaction and swelling around the baby boy's brain (subdural hemorrhages) that occurred as an immediate response to vaccinations . Which vaccines were those, you may be wondering? DTaP, Prevnar7 (pneumococcal) and Rotateq (Rotavirus vaccine). Guess what? The administered vaccines contained unlabeled peanut oil, which was used as an adjuvant, but was not listed on the vaccine inserts. The doctor basically proved to the court that the child's allergic reaction to having peanut oil injected by vaccine had caused the massive brain swelling reaction that sent the boy into shock. False medical theory: The stronger the allergic reaction to vaccine ingredients, the longer the immunity lasts In the mid-1960s, peanut oils were first introduced into vaccines because scientists hypothesized they could ""prolong"" immunity. Somehow, they thought, the oil would act as a time release capsule. Within 20 years, peanut oil was the preferred ""excipient"" – meaning a substance formulated alongside the active ingredient of a medication for the purpose of long-term stabilization. The dangers of its use, however, were well-documented. The problem ? Doctors and scientists had lumped immune response with immunity, making a grave mistake that's still assumed to be true today. The myth is that the greater the allergic response to the vaccine, the greater the immunity that is conferred. Wrong! Today, anyone who challenges this myth is referred to as anti-science, anti-vaccine and a conspiracy theorist. There is no faster way for a doctor to lose their license to practice medicine than to challenge this commandment of vaccine mythology. 1980 to 2016: Correlating the massive surge in severe childhood allergies When did these childhood allergies experience a massive upsurge in number? Answer: When the mandated schedule of the number and frequency of vaccines for children under age 7 doubled, and then tripled. Take a look: 1980 – 20 vaccines 1995 – 40 vaccines 2016 – 70 vaccines What's the easiest way to send a child's body into anaphylactic shock and create severe food allergies for the rest of his/her life? Inject intact proteins from peanuts, eggs and dairy (casein) products directly into the infant's muscle tissue 36 times before the age of 18 months. When normal food becomes extremely toxic to children, the parents should review how those specific ingredients have been introduced to their infant's bodies, and what other dangerous ""trace amounts"" of carcinogens, antibiotics, adjuvants, emulsifiers, preservatives, additives, brewing agents, carriers and ""immune response stimulants"" are being injected into the body repeatedly for no logical reason. Vaccines have never been proven safe or effective ; only studies done by the manufacturers themselves, which have subsequently been proven fraudulent, altered and skewed, are published in order to fool the public. Do you really know what's in most vaccines? Have you ever read the ingredients, warnings, reactions and the documented side effects on a vaccine insert? Here is a summary of the most dangerous vaccine ingredients, for your convenience: 1. Bovine cow serum: Extracted from cow skin. When injected causes connective tissue disorders, arthritis and lupus; also shortness of breath, low blood pressure, chest pain and skin reactions. 2. Sorbitol: Synthetic sweetener which metabolizes very slowly and aggravates IBS and gastrointestinal issues. 3. Hydrolyzed gelatin: Derived from the collagen inside animals' skin and bones. Injecting gelatin poses the risk of infection from synthetic growth hormones and BSE infectivity (mad cow disease). 4. Sodium chloride: Raises blood pressure and inhibits muscle contraction and growth. 5. Egg protein: Vaccines are prepared in eggs (certainly not organic). May contain growth hormones, antibiotics, and salmonella bacteria. 6. Casein: Also known as cow's milk protein, many children experience severe allergic and life-threatening reactions to traces of casein, commonly found in the DTaP vaccine. 7. Thimerosal: A neurotoxic mercury which causes autism: There are 25 mcg in one average flu vaccine, and the EPA safety limit is 5 micrograms, so children who are vaccinated simultaneously with multiple vaccines receive over 10 times the safety limit of mercury in one day. 8. Human albumin: The protein portion of blood from pooled human venous plasma; when injected causes fever, chills, hives, rash, headache, nausea, breathing difficulty, and rapid heart rate. 9. Formaldehyde: Highly carcinogenic fluid used to embalm corpses. Ranked one of the most hazardous compounds to human health; can cause liver damage, gastrointestinal issues, reproductive deformation, respiratory distress and cancer. Peanut oil? Enough said! Source and references: Naturalnews.com ; TheDoctorWithin.com ; NCBI.NLM.NIH.gov ; VacTruth.com Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
16545,American Companies Tailor Responses to Trump Election - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump’s victory in the presidential race has presented some companies with a new challenge: how to find the right balance in their postelection messages to employees and customers. Matt Maloney, the chief executive of the online food delivery company GrubHub, found himself in a clash of business and politics this week after he sent an email to employees on Wednesday that appeared to say that anyone who disagreed with the company’s policy of inclusion and diversity should resign. “As we all try to understand what this vote means to us, I want to affirm to anyone on our team that is scared or feels personally exposed, that I and everyone else here at GrubHub will fight for your dignity and your right to make a better life for yourself and your family here in the United States,” Mr. Maloney wrote. “If you do not agree with this statement, then please reply to this email with your resignation because you have no place here,” he said. But on Thursday, in a sign of the new political flash points on the corporate landscape,  a   message was posted to the company’s website with the original email attached. The new message said the message had been misconstrued. “I want to clarify that I did not ask for anyone to resign if they voted for Trump,” Mr. Maloney wrote. “I would never make such a demand. To the contrary, the message of the email is that we do not tolerate discriminatory activity or hateful commentary in the workplace, and that we will stand up for our employees. ” The footwear company New Balance also encountered a postelection backlash after its vice president for communications, Matt LeBretton, said after Mr. Trump’s victory that “we feel things are going to move in the right direction. ” The remarks were made in an interview with a Wall Street Journal reporter, Sara Germano, who published them on Twitter on Wednesday. The reporter also tweeted that the remarks were made within the context of global trade, noting that New Balance has publicly opposed the   Partnership. New Balance says it makes more than four million pairs of athletic footwear in the United States per year, which represents a limited portion of its sales. Some interpreted the comments as supportive of Mr. Trump, and they drew a backlash. Online, images of New Balance footwear being burned or thrown in the garbage were posted, and there were calls for a boycott. On Thursday, New Balance emailed a message to other news media outlets and Sole Collector, which reports on the sneaker industry and its culture: “As the only major company that still makes athletic shoes in the United States, New Balance has a unique perspective on trade and trade policy in that we want to make more shoes in the United States, not less. ” “New Balance publicly supported the trade positions of Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump prior to Election Day that focused on American manufacturing job creation and we continue to support them today,” it said. Another New Balance message was published on Twitter on Thursday that also seemed to allude to the controversy, saying it welcomed “all walks of life. ” Meanwhile, Jeff Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon and owner of The Washington Post, congratulated Mr. Trump on Twitter on Thursday. Mr. Bezos added that he had an “open mind” and wished Mr. Trump “great success in his service to the country. ” But comments below the message spoke of canceling Amazon Prime subscriptions and boycotting Amazon altogether, although some were supportive. The New York Times this week examined the views of some business leaders in the postelection climate here. Some   American companies have a tradition of using their unique hold on consumer attention to express support for the causes they believe in. The ice cream company Ben  Jerry’s posted statements on its website advocating for voting rights and climate change action. After Mr. Trump’s election, it published an open letter to Mr. Trump on Thursday that it described as a “challenge” to “hear the voices of all Americans. ” “Whoa, does your new title sound as weird to you as it does to us?” the letter said, addressing Mr. Trump. “Well, we’ll all get used to it quickly. ” “And while we recognize that this is the outcome that many wanted, this is also an outcome that leaves half of our country feeling sadness and shock,” it said. “We want to honor all of our nation’s experience. ” Chris Miller, the activism manager at Ben  Jerry’s, said in an interview on Friday that the letter to Mr. Trump had reached about 350, 000 people on the company’s Facebook page and that the feedback had been “overwhelmingly positive. ” But he said the letter took longer to draft than the company’s other statements about causes it supports because more “eyeballs” were put on it as the company strove for balance between people who were saddened by the result and those whom “mainstream establishment candidates” did not reach. “We wanted to be part of setting the tone here,” Mr. Miller said.",0
16546,"Are You Successful? If So, You’ve Already Won the Lottery - The New York Times","Chance events play a much larger role in life than many people once imagined. Most of us have no difficulty recognizing luck when it’s on conspicuous display, as when someone wins the lottery. But randomness often plays out in subtle ways, and it’s easy to construct narratives that portray success as having been inevitable. Those stories are almost invariably misleading, however, a simple fact that has surprising implications for public policy. Consider the history of the Mona Lisa, perhaps the most famous painting in the world. After having languished in obscurity for most of its early existence, Leonardo da Vinci’s work was pushed into the spotlight in 1911 when it was stolen from the Louvre. The widely publicized theft remained unsolved for two years until Vincenzo Peruggia, an Italian maintenance worker at the Louvre, was apprehended after trying to sell the painting to the Uffizi Gallery in Florence, Italy. His arrest provoked a second wave of publicity, with images of the Mona Lisa splashed around the world. In the years since, the painting has come to represent Western culture itself. Yet had it never been stolen, most of us would know no more about it than we do of the two obscure Leonardo da Vinci canvases from the same period that hang in an adjacent gallery at the Louvre. Like Kim Kardashian, apparently, the Mona Lisa is famous largely for being famous. As in the art world, so too in the world of work. Almost every career trajectory entails a complex sequence of steps, each of which depends on those preceding it. If any of those earlier steps had been different, the entire trajectory would almost surely have been different, too. Inevitably, some of those initial steps will have been influenced by seemingly trivial random events. So it is reasonable to conclude that virtually all successful careers entail at least a modicum of luck. One’s date of birth can matter enormously, for example. According to a 2008 study, most children born in the summer tend to be among the youngest members of their class at school, which appears to explain why they are significantly less likely to hold leadership positions during high school and thus, another study indicates, less likely to land premium jobs later in life. Similarly, according to research published in the journal Economics Letters in 2012, the number of American chief executives who were born in June and July is almost   lower than would be expected on the basis of chance alone. Even the first letter of a person’s last name can explain significant achievement gaps. Assistant professors in the 10   American economics departments, for instance, were more likely to be promoted to tenure the earlier the first letter of their last names fell in the alphabet, a 2006 study found. Researchers attributed this to the custom in economics of listing  ’ names alphabetically on papers, noting that no similar effect existed for professors in psychology, whose names are not listed alphabetically. To acknowledge the importance of random events is not to suggest that success is independent of talent and effort. In highly competitive arenas, those who do well are almost always extremely talented and  . As Charlie Munger, the vice chairman of Warren E. Buffett’s holding company, Berkshire Hathaway, has said, “The safest way to get what you want is to try and deserve what you want. ” Perhaps the most useful advice for someone who aspires to material success is to develop expertise at a task that others value. Such expertise comes not from luck but from thousands of hours of assiduous effort. But talent and effort are not enough. Luck also matters. Even the most able, industrious people in South Sudan have little chance at success. Success is not guaranteed for deserving people in wealthy countries with highly developed legal and educational institutions and other infrastructure, but it’s substantially more likely. Being born in a good environment is one of the few dimensions of luck we can control  —   that is, at least we can decide how lucky our children will be. But as a nation, we’ve been doing a bad job of it for at least a generation. The luckiest are getting luckier even as their numbers shrink. The unlucky population is growing, and its luck is getting worse. These changes have stemmed in part from sharply diminished public support for education. According to a 2015 report by the nonpartisan Center for Budget and Policy Priorities, for example, state spending per student averaged about 20 percent less in   than in the   school year. More than 70 percent of students who graduated from   colleges in 2015 had student loans that averaged $35, 000. It’s no surprise, then, that access to the benefits of a college degree continues to depend heavily on family income. According to a study from the Alliance for Higher Education and Democracy, at the University of Pennsylvania, and the Pell Institute for the Study of Opportunity in Higher Education, 77 percent of offspring of families in the top income quartile had earned college degrees by age 24 in 2013, compared with only 9 percent of those from   families. More troubling, the disparity persists even when controlling for precollege academic aptitude scores. The human tendency to underestimate luck’s role has contributed to this troubling state of affairs by reducing the electorate’s willingness to support the public investments that make economic success possible. But the taxes people want to avoid need not be personally painful. Evidence from the social sciences demonstrates that beyond a certain income threshold, people’s sense of   depends much more on their relative purchasing power than on how much they spend in absolute terms. If top tax rates were a little higher, all homes would be a little smaller, all cars a little less expensive, all diamonds a little more modest and all celebrations a little less costly. The standards that define “special” would adjust accordingly, leaving most successful people quite satisfied. Happily, there is a simple remedy: Merely prompting people to reflect on their good fortune tends to make them more willing to contribute to the common good, according to a 2010 study published in the journal Emotion. So try to engage your successful friends in discussions about their experiences with luck. In the process, you may increase their willingness to support the kinds of public investments that will enhance the next generation’s odds of success. And you will almost surely hear some interesting stories.",0
16547,"Avoid, Sidestep, Retreat: Justices’ Advice on Confirmation Tactics - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   As Judge Neil M. Gorsuch prepares for his Supreme Court confirmation hearing, which starts Monday, he might want to review advice, reflections and criticism from former nominees who successfully navigated the process. In 1981, on his first day on the job, a    Justice Department lawyer got a   assignment. The lawyer, John G. Roberts Jr. was assigned to help prepare Sandra Day O’Connor, an Arizona judge nominated to the Supreme Court by President Ronald Reagan, for her confirmation hearing. Mr. Roberts provided her with draft answers to likely questions and helped quiz her at the mock hearings  —   sometimes called murder boards. In a memorandum to a supervisor, Mr. Roberts described his philosophy: “The approach was to avoid giving specific responses to any direct questions on legal issues likely to come before the court, but demonstrating in the response a firm command of the subject area and awareness of the relevant precedents and arguments. ” He took his own advice when he was nominated to be chief justice in 2005. He showed an easy familiarity with constitutional doctrine in his hearing, effortlessly summoning the names and summarizing the details of old decisions without indicating how they would apply to new controversies. Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, declared that Chief Justice Roberts “retired the trophy” for an outstanding performance by a judicial nominee. Then a    law professor at the University of Chicago, Elena Kagan described the brilliant evasions that Ruth Bader Ginsburg had executed at her 1993 confirmation hearing in a 1995 book review:  “Justice Ginsburg’s favored technique took the form of a pincer movement. When asked a specific question on a constitutional issue, Ginsburg replied that an answer might forecast a vote and thus contravene the norm of judicial impartiality.   …     But when asked a more general question, Ginsburg replied that a judge could deal in specifics only abstractions, even hypotheticals, took the good judge beyond her calling. ”  “Some room may have remained in theory between these two responses perhaps a senator could learn something about Justice Ginsburg’s legal views if he pitched his question at precisely the right level of generality. But in practice, the potential gap closed to a sliver given Ginsburg’s understanding of what counted as ‘too specific’ (roughly, anything that might have some bearing on a case that might some day come before the court) and what counted as ‘too general’ (roughly, anything else worthy of mention). ” In 2010, at her own confirmation hearing, Justice Kagan employed her own pincer movements, executed with     to avoid answering both specific questions and general ones. Her 1995 essay had been critical of modern confirmation hearings, which she had called “a vapid and hollow charade. ” At her hearing, she paid heed to another part of the essay. “The safest and surest route to the prize,” she wrote in 1995, “lay in alternating platitudinous statement and judicious silence. ” Justice Clarence Thomas’s 1991 confirmation hearing is best remembered for its second act, an examination of accusations of sexual harassment by Anita Hill, his former subordinate at the Department of Education and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, which he ran from 1982 to 1990. But the first stage of the hearing, which focused on his qualifications and views, was also an ordeal, Justice Thomas wrote in his 2007 memoir, “My Grandfather’s Son. ” Democratic senators, he wrote, were determined to find out what he thought about Roe v. Wade, the 1973 decision that established a constitutional right to abortion, and other cases. “Each day I left the caucus room tired, tormented and anxious.   …     My opponents were armed with long lists of trick questions prepared by law professors and activists I, on the other hand, had spent most of the preceding decade running a federal agency instead of studying two centuries’ worth of Supreme Court decisions. ”  “My enemies weren’t looking for   justices. All they cared about was keeping anyone off the Supreme Court who might vote to reverse Roe or water it down. As far as they were concerned, my   was a disadvantage, not a qualification. ” A year later, Justice Thomas voted to overturn Roe. “By then I’d had ample time to study Roe in detail, and concluded that it was wrongly decided and should now be overruled,” he wrote in his memoir. In 1959, as a    lawyer, William H. Rehnquist was harshly critical of the Senate for its superficial questioning of a recent nominee, Justice Charles Evans Whittaker, in an article in The Harvard Law Record. “The discussion of the new justice on the floor of the Senate succeeded in adducing only the following facts: (a) proceeds from skunk trapping in rural Kansas assisted him in obtaining his early education (b) he was both fair and able as a judge of the lower federal courts (c) he was the first Missourian ever appointed to the Supreme Court (d) since he had been born in Kansas but now resided in Missouri, his nomination honored two states. ” “What could have been more important to the Senate than Mr. Justice Whittaker’s views on equal protection and due process?” At his own first confirmation hearing in 1971, to become an associate justice, Judge Rehnquist retreated. “I think I did not fully appreciate the difficulty of the position that the nominee is in,” he said. “I say that not entirely facetiously, because the nominee is in an extraordinarily difficult position. He cannot answer a question which would try to engage him in predictions as to what he would do on a specific fact situation or a particular doctrine after it reaches the court. ” Chief Justice Rehnquist, who died in 2005, took much the same approach at his 1986 confirmation hearing to become chief justice. “I really had no idea what the problems confronting a nominee were then,” he said of his 1959 article.",0
16548,"Man, 20, in Custody After Fatal Shooting of 5 People at Mall Outside Seattle - The New York Times","A    man was taken into custody on Saturday night in connection with a shooting that killed five people on Friday at a mall north of Seattle, the authorities said. The authorities, speaking at a news conference on Saturday night, identified the suspect as Arcan Cetin of Oak Harbor, Wash. He was taken into custody without incident around 6:30 p. m. Officials said that they had received numerous tips about the gunman and that surveillance footage had helped locate him. Lt. Michael Hawley of the Island County Sheriff’s Office said he had received a report that Mr. Cetin’s car was less than a mile from his office and when he headed that way, he found Mr. Cetin walking on the sidewalk. Mr. Cetin was carrying a satchel with a computer inside and was in a “zombielike” state when he was taken into custody, the lieutenant said. Charges were pending, said the authorities, who said it was too early to say what led to the shootings. On his Facebook page, Mr. Cetin listed his hometown as Adana, Turkey. Officials said he was a legal permanent resident of the United States. He graduated last year from Oak Harbor High School and listed himself on Facebook as a bagger at the Whidbey Island Commissary. Little of his personality could be gleaned from his sparse social media presence, which included only 56 posts on Twitter. His Facebook page offered a glimpse of his life. A posting by a friend in 2011 described him as “really annoying,” “funny” and “sometimes really nasty. ” Mr. Cetin referred to lifting weights in high school and posted videos of the video game Call of Duty. Another Facebook posting, by a friend in 2012, said of Mr. Cetin: “Truth is: You are a very odd character. You were always going on about being Russian and stuff like that, but under that you really supported America (or so it seemed to me) and I always thought that was really cool. ” Mr. Cetin was active in the Reserve Officers Training Corps, said a former classmate, Uhlaine Finnigan, 19, of Port Angeles, Wash. She called Mr. Cetin “sexist” and said he would touch girls on their buttocks, “either slapping or grabbing them. ” “He did that to girls of all grades at the high school including my best friend and I, regardless of the blatant disgust from the girls and being told to stop,” she said in an interview by Facebook Messenger. She said he appeared to have few friends. The attacker at the Cascade Mall in Burlington, Wash. killed four women in the cosmetics section of a Macy’s department store, the authorities said. A man was critically wounded in the shooting and was taken to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle, where he died. The youngest female victim was a teenager, law enforcement officials said at a news conference on Saturday morning. The gunman, who was armed with a rifle, left the scene before the police arrived. Officials said they recovered the weapon at the scene. They declined to give details about the weapon or to say how many rounds were fired. Photographs of Mr. Cetin on a Myspace account showed him holding a handgun and a rifle. A spokesman for the F. B. I. ’s Seattle field office said on Saturday that there was no evidence to suggest that the shooting was an act of terrorism. At the news conference on Saturday night, Mayor Steve Sexton of Burlington said the shootings happened at a time and in a setting that were ordinary: a Friday night at a mall. Referring to the shootings, he said: “They changed those families forever. It changed our city, I’m afraid to some extent, forever. ” The names of the victims had not yet been released by officials. Security camera footage showed the man entering the mall without a weapon. Footage taken 10 minutes later showed him entering Macy’s with a rifle. At the news conference earlier on Saturday, the authorities described the tense moments after the shooting, as officers searched the roughly    mall for the attacker, finding only store employees and shoppers. Police officers entered the mall in teams, unaware during the search, which lasted for hours, that the gunman had fled before their arrival. They searched “every room and every nook and cranny,” said Lt. Chris Cammock, the commander of the multiagency response team conducting the investigation. The F. B. I. said early Saturday that it had “no information to suggest that additional attacks” were planned in Washington State, and that it was coordinating intelligence efforts with the local authorities. More than 200 officers from at least 26 agencies responded to the shooting, the authorities said. One woman, Tari Caswell, told The Skagit Valley Herald that she had been in the Macy’s women’s dressing room when she heard four loud pops, followed by seven or eight more. “I just stayed quiet in the dressing room because it just didn’t feel right,” she said. “And it got very quiet. And then I heard a lady yelling for help, and a man came and got me and another lady, and we ran out of the store. ” Saturday’s shooting was at least the fifth in Washington this year in which three or more people died, according to the nonprofit Gun Violence Archive.",0
16549,Trump Panics As 28% of Florida GOP Early Votes go to HILLARY (VIDEO),"Comments 
The Last Word with Lawrence O’Donnell on MSNBC just aired a unique new poll must already have the Trump campaign reeling. O’donell reports that over a quarter of the state of Florida’s registered Republicans tell this that they’ve already voted early for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. It’s actually the first poll that includes only actual early voters, surveyed by William and Mary College and TargetSmart. This new poll also shows that Hillary Clinton leads Florida 48-40 which TargetSmart says, “challenges conventional wisdom.” That’s not even the most shocking result… 
“ Hillary Clinton is winning 28% of registered Republicans ,” said TargetSmart CEO Tom Bonier, “ who have already voted already .” According to their surveys of early voters, Hillary Clinton has won 53% percent of early votes cast thus far in the 2016 election, and there’s more data in the video below. 28% of Florida early voting Republicans have voted for @HillaryClinton 
— Lawrence O'Donnell (@Lawrence) November 2, 2016 
“This includes absentee ballot voters who tend to trend more Republican and 28% of those voters are crossing over, when we look at Democrats,” said TargetSmart’s Bonier, “there’s almost no crossing over. Trump has only won 6% of those voters. Yes. These are people that have already voted, and these Republicans are not just saying it to pollsters, but they’re doing it in Florida. These are voters that are not waiting for election day.” 
If this poll result holds up, there’s absolutely no path to victory for the Republican campaign, as there is literally no likely scenario resulting in electoral victory for Trump when he loses Florida to Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. 
Take a look:",0
16550,Seven World-Historical 'Achievements' Of The Iraq Invasion Of 2003,"Seven World-Historical 'Achievements' Of The Iraq Invasion Of 2003   
Authored by Gary Leupp, originally posted at Strategic-Culture.org, 
Here is a list of the noteworthy, ongoing results of the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq beginning in March 2003. (Recall that invasion was denounced by the UN as illegal, based entirely on lies, and—given the U.S.’s hegemonic position in the world, allowing it to act with impunity—the crime’s architects have never punished.) 
1) The principal achievement of the war and occupation was the dramatic expansion of the al-Qaeda network that had attacked the U.S. on January 11, 2001. An al-Qaeda franchise was established in Iraq for the first time, playing a key role in the Sunni “insurrection” against the occupiers and their Shiite allies, then expanding across the border into Syria where it split into the al-Nusra affiliate and its even more savage rival, ISIL. Iraq also served and serves as a training ground for jihadis now operating from Iraq to Libya and beyond. 
2) The invasion and its consequences encouraged the cause of Kurdistan, an imagined state straddling Iran, Iraq, Syria and Turkey. The Kurds are the largest stateless people in the world, victims of British and French colonialists who divided the region between them after World War I. After the Gulf War of 1991, the U.S. established a “no-fly” zone over northern Iraq to discourage Baghdad from deploying troops in the region. Iraqi Kurdistan had already obtained a degree of autonomy before the invasion but the status became official under the occupation and a referendum for independence is likely to pass soon. This would infuriate Iraq and perhaps provoke Turkey’s intervention. As it is, the autonomous region is locked in struggle with Baghdad over territorial claims and control over oil fields. 
3) The invasion destroyed the Iraqi state, causing it to fracture into three: Kurdistan, the Sunni zone in the west, and the Shiite-majority areas around Baghdad. The Baathist regime of Saddam Hussein had been extremely repressive and brutal. But it had maintained order; discouraged religion in politics; protected the Christian and other religious minorities; promoted women’s rights; imposed no dress code; enforced a criminal code modeled after the Napoleonic (not the Sharia); licensed rock n’ roll radio stations, allowed the brewing of beer and its sale etc. The Shiite-led regime boosted into power by the occupation has reversed much of this. (A bill to ban the production and sale of beer was just passed by Parliament last week.) But the regime’s power does not extend into much of Anbar Province, ISIL still governs Mosul, and again, Kurdistan has become autonomous. 
4) Because Shiites are the majority in Iraq (60%), and dominate Iran next door; and because the leaders of Shiite parties have studied in Iran or lived their in exile and are sympathetic to Iran’s mullah-led regime; and because the U.S. was forced by peaceful mass protests to allow elections and the emergence of Shiites as the leaders of the country, Iran’s power and influence in the region has expanded dramatically. (Apparently no one in the State Department thought about that.) Since Iran has not attacked another country in centuries — but was savagely attacked by Saddam Hussein in 1981, sparking a long war killing over half a million people — and since Iran’s friendliness to its neighbor, one of the few Arab countries in which its co-coreligionists hold power, is entirely natural, one can ask why anyone might be alarmed by this. But it does alarm some, the leaders of Saudi Arabia, that crucial U.S. Arab ally governed by Wahhabi Sunnis, most of all. 
5) The invasion produced a regional power struggle between Sunni Islamists on the one hand, and their Shiite (and other) enemies on the other. This is often portrayed as a contest between Saudi Arabia (whose government-backed clerics condemn Shiites as heretics, and who fear the prospects for rebellion in Saudi Arabia’s own oppressed Shiite minority) and Iran, depicted as the protector of Shiites in Syria, Lebanon, Yemen etc. (The so-called “Shiite Crescent” extending from Iran to Hizbollah-controlled areas of Lebanon in fact embraces states and movements that have little in common with the Islamic Republic of Iran. But they are all targeted by the medieval regime in Riyadh which tars them all with the Iranian brush.) The Saudis were keen advocates for a U.S. strike on Iran (on the false pretext of a nuclear threat); are major supporters of al-Nusra in Syria and have funded ISIL as well, preferring such Islamist forces to the secular if Alawite-led Syrian regime; and are bombing the hell out of Yemen with active U.S. and British assistance under the false pretext that the Shiite Houthi “rebels” are agents for an expanding Iran. These things would not be happening, had the U.S. not ripped the lid off Pandora’s box in Iraq in March 2003. 
6/ The invasion has produced friction between the U.S. and its important NATO ally Turkey (which has the second largest military in the alliance). Turkish war planes are bombing Kurdish YPG (People’s Protection Units) militia in Syria who constitute the U.S.’s most reliable allies, producing U.S. protests (which the Turks ignore, arguing straight-faced that the YPG are just as terrorist as ISIL). The Turks warned before the invasion of Iraq that it would likely produce regional instability. But Ankara would have allowed the U.S. to attack from Turkish soil if Turkish forces as part of the “coalition of the willing” could be stationed around Mosul, once part of Turkey—the idea being to contain Kurdish nationalism. 
Fortunately the parliament rejected the deal. But the predicted instability has occurred. The Arab Spring of 2011 in Syria was not directly connected to the Iraq invasion, but gave the U.S. the opportunity to pontificate that “Assad has lost legitimacy,” demand his immediate resignation, and bankroll the armed opposition including the Kurds. The fact that U.S. efforts to find and recruit Syrian Arab forces as allies—who are not in bed with al-Nusra—to topple Assad have failed so dismally binds the Pentagon ever closer to forces that Turkey wants to wipe out. (The conflict and contradiction are embarrassing to Washington. Oh, by the way, did you notice that the Turkish foreign minister just announced that Turkey would invade Iraq if it “felt threatened”?) 
Having declared in 2011 that Bashar al-Assad must go, the U.S. was faced in 2014 with the horrible embarrassment of ISIL (that toxic fruit of its Iraq invasion) winning lightening victories from Raqqa to Fallujah, obliterating the Sykes-Picot line dividing Syria and Iraq. The now-Syria based terrorists were approaching Baghdad. So now the U.S. having withdrawn all troops in Iraq was back in action, bombing to prevent such a disaster. And it started bombing ISIL positions in Syria (although with far less efficacy than the later Russian efforts) in league with a list of largely reluctant allies dragooned into formal membership in what Washington likes to call a “coalition” to make its unilateral program for the region sound like the will of what they like to call “the international community” regardless of how many key nations that imagined “community” includes. 
The U.S. command that Assad step down was made in the summer of 2011. Turkey’s President Erdogan, hitherto a friend and even mentor of the Syrian leader, opportunistically took up the U.S. demand and demanded his resignation. And Ankara itself began to interfere big-time in the neighboring country it once dominated, targeting Kurds more than anyone else. Since the U.S. relies on these allies, how could there not be a sharp conflict here? 
7/ The invasion of Iraq and aftermath resulted in four million Iraqi refugees fleeing the country as of 2007. Hundreds of thousands have poured into Europe, alongside people displaced by U.S. wars in Afghanistan and Libya, and by the turmoil in Syria exacerbated by U.S. actions, producing a massive continent-wide crisis. Many Europeans aptly blame the deluge on the U.S., pointing to the U.S.’s paltry record of admitting refugees from the Middle East and complaining of strained national resources to handle the humanitarian catastrophe. (Another embarrassment.) 
* * * 
This is all what Buddhists call “karmic retribution” for past acts. Or what the Hebrew prophet Hosea referred to when he said “Those who sow the wind reap the whirlwind.” Or what the CIA meant when it invented the term “blowback.” It’s all heading towards something, unless decent people stop it. 
But when I watch people like Michael Moore line up behind the foremost advocate of war in U.S. politics, joining (consciously, philosophical) amoral thugs hell-bent on maintaining and expanding the empire when it’s in a stage of precipitous decline, I am not optimistic. Not only will she win, but she will rival Dick Cheney as a cold-blooded latter-day Cold Warrior, cynically exploiting fear and stupidity to try to bring Russia to its knees. 
Hillary doesn’t recognize any of these seven points, which to recapitulate are : US actions have greatly strengthened al-Qaeda US actions have encouraged Kurdish nationalism (with unpredictable ramifications) The US through its vicious illegal actions has destroyed the modern Iraqi state US actions have solidified ties between Iran and Iraq’s majority Shiite community, strengthening a country still targeted for “regime change” The invasion of Iraq and the regime change there exacerbated the historical Sunni-Shiite divide, and encouraged Saudi Arabia as the ultra-Islamist protector of the shrines to redouble its efforts to support extremist Sunnis everywhere in the region The results of the invasion place Turkey and the U.S. at loggerheads over the question of Kurdish nationalist movements in both Iraq and Syria US interventions in the Middle East and North Africa since 2001 have produced a massive refugee crisis, inflicted mainly on Europe 
She does not acknowledge that George W. Bush’s invasion (that she so passionately endorsed, fully exposing her Valkyrie soul, was criminaland not somebody’s well-meaning “mistake”). She doesn’t have any analysis of the Kurdish question. (She is not—as sometimes alleged by supporters—a “policy wonk” but a lazy intellect who doesn’t know jack-shit about the real world.) 
She has never expressed regret for the horrific destruction of Iraq, nor given any attention to the plight of its women, who were (as she surely knows) much better off under Saddam Hussein. (To acknowledge that would be to suggest that sometimes U.S. imperialism favors misogynist Islamists over relatively progressive secularists, for its own pragmatic empire-building purposes. She can’t mention that publicly.) 
She deals with the rise of Iran—made inevitable by the U.S. invasion of Iraq—by doubling down on her crude clueless Iran rhetoric, which rests on the assumption—repeatedly debunked by U.S. intelligence agencies—that Iran might pose a nuclear weapons threat. She doesn’t understand the history of the Sunni-Shiite divide; I believe she rolls her eyes in irritation that these people have these differences so hard to understand, impeding the Exceptional Nation’s ability to straighten everything out by bombing, and conquering, and making people die. She doesn’t understand anything about the history of the Kurds and their fate in the region. 
She feels no guilt at all about her orchestration of the ruin of Libya. She sees no reason to link her own actions to the flooding of Europe with refugees fleeing terror. But she will probably be the next president, with fellow shieldmaidens Michele Flournoy (as “secretary of defense”) and Victoria Nuland or Samantha Power (as secretary of state). 
Never acknowledging what happened yesterday, never able to absorb historical lessons, determined to maintain and expend its global hegemony (just as that becomes absolutely impossible to do, because other nations rise too, and great nations like Spain and Britain actually get humbled over time), the U.S. under Clinton will likely head methodically towards a showdown with Russia. She wants so badly, to show she can do it. She’ll do it for women, everywhere, to show how strong a woman can be. 
And then there will be a sudden strange change in your environment. As you wonder what’s going on you’ll be painlessly vaporized, on account of Hillary’s passion to topple Assad, or forcibly reintegrate the Donbass into Ukraine. 
The brilliance of the 2003 invasion will be clarified as never before in that bright blast, as Hillary—a very strong woman—cackles in the background from her bunker about how she came, saw, and a million died.  ",0
16551,HRC and the 2016 Presidential Election,"The Miami Herald stated that the Human Rights Campaign (HRC) endorses Hilary Rodham. Clinton. The organization is also the largest LGBTQ political group. The HRC has endorsed Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election.
Their new video advertisement features Clinton’s pledge to fight for the LGBT community’s equality. The ad was also released days before the election on Nov. 8.
The video titled “Hillary Clinton: Equality Is About Changing Hearts And Minds,” was released in Washington D.C., which is the HRC headquarters are located.
The organization has a section of their website dedicated to the group’s endorsement of the candidate. The HRC also stated that Clinton has stood with the LGBTQ community and the group will now stand with Clinton. The HRC concluded by saying that Clinton’s fight is with the community and that what the HRC advocates.
The HRC President Chad Griffin said that Clinton has shown through her words and actions that she is dedicated to fighting for the rights of the LGBT community. He also stated that all of the progress the community has made is at stake in the 2016 Presidential election as the HRC has endorsed a candidate in the 2016 election.
Griffin then continued to state that Donald Trump’s campaign is filled with hateful language that will reverse the LGBTQ movement’s gains. He also said that Clinton will tear down the walls of bigotry against people of alternative lifestyles. The HRC leader concluded by saying that it is very important that people who are pro-equality voters for Clinton in the next presidential election.
Breitbart stated that an artist from the Art Wing Conspiracy group said a lot of Trump supporters, especially amongst the LGBT community, are “in the closet.” The artistic group has painted several Think Different posters across the city of San Francisco near the offices of Twitter and Clinton’s campaign headquarters. The posters feature a rainbow Apple logo with a silhouette of Trump’s face on it. They were released on National Coming Out Day.
The Art Wing Conspiracy artist also stated that on National Coming Out Day the organization encourages people to “stop living a lie and come out.” He conveyed this idea, in a voting booth, i.e. a closet, no one has to know who supports Trump or Clinton.
The artist also said that the liberal community in San Francisco must know that there are many Trump supporters amongst the city’s LGBT community. The individual stated that having pride means to be true to oneself and one’s beliefs, even if it is against the mainstream. The artist concluded that is what the LGBT rights movement conveys.
The Stonewall Inn’s website stated that the historic inn was the birthplace of the historic LGBT rights movement. The patrons of the club retaliated against harassment from the local police department. Subsequently, a riot occurred on June 28, 1969.
The website also claimed that the patrons refused to accept the status quo of oppression for the first time. They then stood up for each other and the whole LGBT community.
The site continues to state that the riot at the Stonewall Inn sparked the lengthy battle for all members of the Gay and Lesbian community. The incident is often referred to as the Rosa Parks incident of the LGBT community. The site then stated that the incident led the government and society, in general, to look at members of the LBGT community as equals.
In 1969 the police raided gay clubs regularly. Eight police officers arrived at the Stonewall Inn on a Saturday morning at 1:20. Approximately 200 people were in the establishment that night. However, the raid was not conducted as planned. The patrons did not cooperate, resulting in the riot that led to the LGBT rights movement of the 1970s, which is why the HRC now exists and has endorsed a candidate for the 2016 election.
By John A. Federico
Edited by Cathy Milne
Sources:
Miami Herald : LGBTQ group Human Rights Campaign (HRC) releases video supporting Hillary Rodham Clinton (HRC)
Breitbart: Rainbow Trump Posters Appear in San Francisco on ‘National Coming Out Day’
The Stonewall Inn: THE HISTORIC STONEWALL INN
Featured Image Courtesy of Mobilus In Mobili’s Flickr HRC , HUman Rights Campaign",0
16552,Saudi Oil Chief Khalid al-Falih Tells OPEC Changes Are Coming - The New York Times,"VIENNA  —   The new oil minister in Saudi Arabia, the de facto leader of the OPEC countries, had a message for the global market: Don’t expect us to influence the price of crude oil by adjusting supplies. “I think managing in the traditional way that we tried in the past may never come again,” the minister, Khalid   said on Thursday. “Certainly we will not go with certain price targets. ” The message  —   which came after the decision on Thursday by the   Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to maintain high levels of oil production  —   is central to the changing strategy of the Saudi   complex. And it could foreshadow a period of volatility for oil prices because OPEC’s policies and the Saudis’ sway have long helped guide the markets. In a sweeping directive in April, Saudi Arabia set forth  plans to diversify its economy, reduce its dependence on oil and pull back on its government handouts. And what Mr. Falih does with Saudi Arabia’s oil  —   how much the kingdom decides to pump and where the money goes  —   is the biggest piece of the puzzle. The global markets received a sneak peak at Thursday’s OPEC meeting, Mr. Falih’s first since his appointment last month as the head of an expanded energy, industry and mining ministry. While other OPEC members have been urging the freezing or lowering of oil production, Mr. Falih is pushing to keep it high and plow the money into other industries that might prove profitable for Saudi Arabia. He wants the cartel to rethink its longstanding approach and assumptions that it can manage global oil supplies and prices. It runs counter to the longtime stance of his predecessor, Ali   who presided over an era when OPEC was largely content to restrain production to try to drive prices up. The Saudis’ shift is easier to justify because price pressures have abated of late. While oil initially dipped on Thursday, it recovered to around $50 a barrel, about twice what it was in January. Oil producers should “let the market forces continue to seek and find that equilibrium price between supply and demand,” said Mr. Falih, speaking to a small group of reporters in his penthouse hotel suite. The Saudis can increasingly afford to go their own way. Along with a wealth of oil reserves, Saudi Arabia invested tens of billions of dollars in building a competitive oil business at a time when other OPEC countries like Venezuela and Iran allowed their industries to deteriorate. Mr. Falih has been at the core of those moves. Mr. Falih a 1982 graduate of Texas AM, jumped onto the international oil scene in the early 2000s. Hoping to inject life and competition into the economy, King Abdullah, Saudi Arabia’s ruler at the time, invited overseas companies to look for natural gas after shutting them out in the 1970s. To the surprise of Western oil executives, the king tapped Mr. Falih, then a young executive at Saudi Aramco, to manage complex negotiations for a series of joint ventures with Royal Dutch Shell of Britain, Total of France and Lukoil of Russia. Although the ventures didn’t find much gas, Mr. Falih garnered credit for deftly juggling conflicting interests. “After a year or so, I had to accept that he was really good at what he was doing,” said Floris Ansingh, who was the head of Shell in Saudi Arabia at the time. “He understood the different  . ” Mr. Falih’s international focus set the stage for the evolution of Saudi Aramco. After he was named chief executive of the company in 2009, he pushed for modernization, trying to turn the   oil company into a global competitor that rivaled the private giants in the West. He expanded areas like oil trading and acquisitions and tried to lock up demand by investing in China and in other growing economies. Saudi Aramco has recently developed three giant oil fields, sharply increasing the amount of oil it can produce. The company earned an estimated $200 billion from oil production last year, according to the commercial intelligence firm Wood Mackenzie. “The view in the industry is that Aramco is one of the best oil companies in the world,” said J. Robinson West, a senior adviser on energy at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a research organization. “Khalid has been important in building that. ” Mr. Falih also seems unafraid to tread on sensitive ground. As the head of the national oil company, he warned that   domestic fuel consumption risked eroding the   exports that are the kingdom’s main source of cash. “We need to make sure that we use our precious oil and gas resources efficiently, wisely and minimizing waste,” Mr. Falih said at a dinner in 2010. At the time, rethinking the country’s energy use at home was a politically fraught issue. Government subsidies that kept fuel cheap were considered an untouchable piece of the Saudi social contract. And with oil prices surging back then, the kingdom’s oil wealth, it seemed, would only grow. Now, his warning is part of the new Saudi  . “He is a very astute political player,” said Valérie Marcel, author of “Oil Titans,” a book about national oil companies. “He has been able to push back and create space to debate issues, while still keeping himself in good position with the ruler. ” Mr. Falih also recognized early on that growing concern for the climate could reduce demand for Saudi oil, creating a risk that a large portion of those resources might be left in the ground. On Thursday, Mr. Falih said that Saudi Arabia was now preparing for the worst case by moving aggressively to spur growth of   industries. While he said he thought that demand for crude would last for generations, Mr. Falih added that “we as human beings cannot be complacent and assume that oil will continue to fuel the world forever. ” In recent years, Mr. Falih has taken on the role of trusted confidant, serving as adviser and troubleshooter for Prince Mohammed bin Salman. In 2015, the prince put Mr. Falih in charge of the kingdom’s troubled Health Ministry, which was struggling to contain a deadly respiratory virus called MERS. In his new role, Mr. Falih has significant oversight of a huge portion of the Saudi economy. The Oil Ministry absorbed the Ministry of Electricity and was renamed the Ministry of Energy, Industry and Mineral Resources. He has also been appointed head of the   mining company, a   industrial fund, the geological survey, the atomic and renewable energy program and a number of other   economic bodies. Mr. Falih faces a huge set of objectives, some in areas where his predecessor came up short. Despite its oil wealth, the kingdom struggles to produce sufficient natural gas to meet the   needs of electricity generators and industry. Efforts to develop solar power and other renewable energy sources have also lagged some of Saudi Arabia’s neighbors, like the United Arab Emirates. Mr. Falih is part of the plan to refocus the country’s financial firepower to invest in areas other than oil. In a sign of the shifting strategy, the kingdom, traditionally conservative in its investment approach, recently invested $3. 5 billion in the     Uber. It was one of the largest investments into a privately held  . Mr. Falih is also in charge of the effort to sell a small stake in Saudi Aramco to investors with a target of 2018. He said the idea was to make the company more global as it looks to add investments in natural gas. A public listing might also improve the company’s performance. “If you have to face the analysts every quarter,” he said, “it gives you a bit of competitive tension. ” To make it all work, Mr. Falih will have to persuade the country’s stubborn constituents to adopt a more commercial focus and to participate in joint ventures with international companies. While some doubt whether Mr. Falih is the right person to lead this transition, others say only an insider has the credibility to do so. Either way, the oil market will be watching.",0
16553,Van Jones: ’Sometimes Liberals Are Too Knock-Kneed About Standing Up’ to Islamic Fundamentalism - Breitbart,"On Friday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Messy Truth with Van Jones,” host Van Jones argued that “sometimes liberals are too  ” about standing up to Islamic fundamentalism.  Jones said to his guest, HBO’s “Real Time” host Bill Maher, “[Y]ou and I actually agree a lot on the need to be tough on these fundamentalists. And I think that sometimes liberals are too   about standing up. And at the same time, I think even somebody who is very concerned about the bad part of Islam has to be excited about the good part of Islam. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
16554,Comment on Breaking: Podesta Told Mills ‘Dump All Those Emails’ on Day News of Clinton’s Private Email Server Broke by T. Mohr,"Cop Fired After Shooting Own 11-year-old Daughter at a Halloween Party Home / BREAKING NEWS / Breaking: Podesta Told Mills ‘Dump All Those Emails’ on Day News of Clinton’s Private Email Server Broke Breaking: Podesta Told Mills ‘Dump All Those Emails’ on Day News of Clinton’s Private Email Server Broke Jay Syrmopoulos November 1, 2016 1 Comment 
Washington, D.C. – In what could prove to be the proverbial nail in the coffin of Hillary Clinton’s presidential ambitions, an email released by WikiLeaks this morning – the 25th batch of emails from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta – reveals potential criminal intent to violate a court order for subpoenaed documents. 
John Podesta sent the message only hours after the New York Times reported that Clinton might have violated federal records requirements by using the server, according to the latest batch of Podesta emails released by WikiLeaks. 
The email in question , sent by Podesta on March 2, 2015, reveals the Clinton campaign chair directing Cheryl Mills, Hillary’s attorney and Chief of Staff, to destroy emails that had already been subpoenaed. 
The email exchange between Podesta and Mills came suspiciously on the same day that news broke regarding Clinton’s use of a private email server. 
After news of Clinton’s private email server became public, Podesta wrote to Mills: “Not to sound like Lanny, but we are going to have to dump all those emails so better to do so sooner than later,” Podesta told Mills. Mills responded: “Think you just got your new nick name.” 
It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out exactly what Podesta meant by “dump” the emails, when taking into account the fact that this was transpiring just as news of the private server was breaking. What this email does is provide insight into the coverup process — and exposes a willful intent to break the law. Additionally, it reveals exactly how swiftly the Clinton camp moved to obscure the truth from both investigators and the public alike. 
According to a report by the New York Post : 
In December 2014, Hillary Clinton — now the Democratic presidential nominee — turned over about 55,000 pages of work-related email to the State Department, but that fact wasn’t revealed until the Times reported on her use of the private server. 
On March 10, 2015 — a week after the Podesta-Mills exchange — Clinton addressed the email scandal, and announced she had deleted about 30,000 personal emails. 
The email’s reference to “Lanny” is likely in reference to lawyer Lanny Davis, who served as special counsel to then-President Bill Clinton, as well as spokesperson for the President and the White House on matters regarding campaign-finance investigations and other legal issues. 
Interestingly, Zero Hedge reports that a search for Lanny Davis reveals a suspicious exchange between Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook and Podesta from March 8, 2015, just days after the above mentioned exchange in which Mook tells Podesta: 
“We gotta zap Lanny out of our universe. Can’t believe he committed her to a private review of her hard drive on TV.” 
Hillary’s team was apparently upset that Bill Clinton’s special counsel was engaging in a transparent course of action, and moved to “zap Lanny out of our universe.” 
While it isn’t clearly spelled out exactly which emails Podesta is referring to in his email, the fact that he wrote “better do so sooner than later,” on the day news broke publicly regarding Clinton’s email server, strongly indicates that the actions were a responsive measure meant to obscure any investigation into the matter. 
Clinton’s entire narrative regarding her private email server has seemingly unraveled, and her methodical plan to strategically impede the State Department/FBI investigation, by deleting the evidence, is now on full display for the public to see. 
Hopefully WikiLeaks’ next upcoming Podesta email dumps can provide even further context to this already damning email. Of course, Hillary’s spin doctors are hard at work thinking up a new narrative to work around this latest revelation regarding the willful attempt by Clinton’s team to usurp a federal investigation. 
Mainstream media is trying to censor this information, so please share this story to overcome corporate censorship and to expose the truth! Share Google + T. Mohr 
Thank God! The whole lot of them will go down together. Liers the lot of them, proven today.  ",0
16555,Tulane and St. John’s Coaches Share a Goal: Returning Teams to Glory - The New York Times,"Mike Dunleavy, a former N. B. A. coach, was looking to get back into coaching in March 2015 when he heard that St. John’s had parted ways with Steve Lavin. Five years removed from his last job on a bench, he reached out to an old friend, Chris Mullin, about the opening, to see if Mullin would vouch for him as a reference. “When the St. John’s job came open, I had some other people come approach me,” Dunleavy said Thursday. “A bunch of Wall Street guys that I knew said: ‘Hey, look, the St. John’s job is open. Would you have an interest?’ “I said, ‘Yeah, I’d love the St. John’s job.’ So I called Chris and I left him a message. I said: ‘Hey, Chris, I see that the St. John’s job just came open, and I’m wondering if you would help champion me for the job if, in fact, you don’t want it.’ I just threw it out there. I really didn’t think it was something he wanted, but I really didn’t know. And literally the next day, he was named the coach, so we never even talked. ” Dunleavy, 62, who ended up at Tulane, and Mullin, 53, renewed their acquaintance Friday night when St. John’s ( ) beat Tulane ( )   in New Orleans. Both teams had   losing streaks entering the game. Even though Dunleavy is nine years older than Mullin, the men have much in common. Both are from Brooklyn and played in the N. B. A. Both went on to become Western Conference executives in the N. B. A. Dunleavy as the Los Angeles Clippers’ general manager and Mullin in the front offices of the Golden State Warriors and the Sacramento Kings. Both were eventually hired to restore prominence to a college program. And both are now struggling for wins. Dunleavy, who spent more than two decades as an N. B. A. coach, has coached only eight games in college, and he acknowledged that he was still getting his feet under him while trying to establish a culture and recruit effectively. Mullin, who was   in his first season as the St. John’s coach, is off to another rough start this season. The most recent indignity? A   loss Tuesday to a Delaware State team that had not beaten a Division I opponent this season. Mullin was   as a player at St. John’s. His next defeat, will be his 30th as the program’s coach. “No one likes to lose and play terrible,” Mullin said after a loss to Old Dominion on Saturday, “but usually when you look back, that is what turns a team into a team. ” Dunleavy said: “When it comes down to it, from being an N. B. A. general manager, it takes time to build a team. It’s a little bit different. Instead of in the N. B. A. having salary caps or making trades, college is about recruiting and its number of scholarships available per year, and it depends on how long it takes to build a team. ” Perhaps not surprisingly, given their coaches’ roots, Tulane and St. John’s are looking to build their teams  —   at least in part  —   via an infusion of talent from the New York area. Dunleavy has scored two major steals by winning commitments from the    Bul Ajang and the   Buay Koka of the Patrick School in Hillside, N. J. which produced the N. B. A. players Kyrie Irving and Michael   when it was St. Patrick High School. At St. John’s, Mullin is pursuing several highly regarded, but younger, prospects from the region. Dunleavy and Mullin are also part of a larger trend in which colleges seek out coaches with N. B. A. experience. The former Dallas Mavericks and Nets coach Avery Johnson is in his second year at Alabama. Eric Musselman, who had jobs with six N. B. A. franchises, is in his second season at Nevada, and the former   guard Mark Price is in his second season at North  . The results have been mixed. Johnson took Alabama to the National Invitation Tournament in his first year and is   this season. He also has the   recruiting class in the nation for 2017, according to Scout. com. Under Musselman, Nevada won the College Basketball Invitational, a   postseason tournament, last season. And while Price and Charlotte were   a year ago, they are off to a   start now. Mullin and Dunleavy, meanwhile, are, for the moment, struggling to find their footing. “We’re both from Brooklyn, we both grew up in the playgrounds there, we’re both really competitive guys,” Dunleavy said. “We both probably played the game, not professionally, but a lot longer than most people. I think he probably still plays. My knee is not good enough to allow me to play, but I go out and shoot, fool around because I just love it. “But any time anybody is losing when you’re competitive, it’s not easy. But you have to understand the reality of your situation, and understand how you can build it and you make progress. And you work at it every day and try to improve your players and figure out the best way to have an edge to recruit and get better players. ”",0
16556,'The Strain' Season 3 Review [Video],"From the start of season three of “The Strain” the group has been scattered; divided over their attempt to escape the fallen city of New York.
After inadvertently causing the death of Nora, Zach was captured by the enemy. Eph was alone and wandering while self-medicating with any available bottle. Meanwhile, Quinlan and Setrakian continued the good fight against the Strigoi, while they deciphered the Occido Lumen. Fet was making waves in the battle for the city , as he worked closely with anti-Strigoi forces as a mentor for police forces. On the other side of the fight, The Master continued lurking and plotting in his new host body. Eichorst and Palmer further delved into their bitter partnership as the two made subtle jabs at each other like high school frenemies.
Overall, the tone and feel of “The Strain” was much different from Season 2. Considering that the season was minimized to 10 episodes (instead of the usual 13) and has experienced dwindling ratings, writers flushed out many of the subplots that led the main focus of the show to nowhere. The first couple of episodes rehashed the state of the group and where each character’s new motivations lay. Once again, writers were falling into the same trap of forcing viewers to care about minor characters; Zach and Dutch.
It seems that Dutch’s departure from her former lover was short-lived, as the heroine joined a new group of wanderers to explore the city. Considering that long-term relationships do not seem to be her forte, she parted ways with her hacker group, within a few episodes into the season. It is understandable that the writers wanted to set up her return as the forefront by moderately exploring her past and her hacker friends, but there was nothing compelling or intriguing to discover or watch. Dutch making her way back to Eph did spark the beginning of his motivation to continue the good fight and helped save him from his depression. It was no surprise that she would later take over the role of Nora, in the series, as both his lab partner and lover.
By the third episode of “The Strain,” it appeared that the writers were back on track with creating an entertaining story. The ultimate showdown between Quinlan and The Master was one of the highlights of the series. The made for a great watch and interesting turn of events. Season 3 followed the same path by introducing more action into the show. The battle ended with the villain making a narrow escape, although, the tone of the “The Strain” shifted from the slow lane to a fast-paced, action-driven plot, as writers began taking viewers on a more thrilling ride.
This concept became more apparent in Episode 3, “Madness,” as the timeline moved forward two weeks. The epidemic had spread across the globe and the pressure was on for the group to succeed in ending The Master’s reign. Councilwoman Feraldo was still leading the good fight but could not overturn The Master’s forces. Even with her ambitious attack on Grand Central’s nest, Feraldo was outmatched and outnumbered. Thousands of Strigoi overran the city and destroyed many of her safe posts. By the time she threw in the towel and abandon the city, it was too late. The Master’s forces had closed in. This was one of the most emotional battles for viewers to watch.
With news that the fourth season was going to be the last for “The Strain,” it seemed that the writers were cleaning house and tying up many loose storylines. In Episode 8, “White Light,” viewers were privileged to witness a glimpse of The Master’s ultimate plan. The audience was also able to see the ancients do more than simply lay there and twitch, as they fought for their lives against The Master’s forces. The battle proved in vain, as they too met their end, with the detonation of a nuclear bomb inside their lair.
It seemed that as the heroes were gaining support, The Master was already one step ahead of them. Palmer finally came to his senses and decided to turn his resources toward the help protagonists in”The Strain,” when The Master forcibly made Palmer his new host body.
During the final episode, “The Fall,” writers saved the best twist for last. Even after The Master’s rouse to regain control of the nuclear bomb, the team proved successful in finally trapping him in his silver tomb. Unfortunately, their plans failed when Zach detonated the nuclear weapon planted in the Statue of Liberty, blanketing the sky in darkness in the aftermath. The Master was able to escape his tomb during the aftershock. It seems that this is the recurring theme in every season finale of the series; once the team comes close to success, they inadvertently become thwarted by the villain to a new catastrophic beginning for the next season.
This was a strong and jaw-dropping way to end the season, which proved to be one of “The Strain’s” most eventful episodes. Overall, the season was one of the strongest in the series. Viewers delved into the back-story of many of the major characters, like Palmer and Quinlan. Adding more dimension and depth to both, the writers plucked at the viewer’s heartstrings, with compelling narratives of each character’s history. One of the strongest storytelling qualities of “The Strain” is the flashback moments. It is almost as if the writers took George Santayana’s Quote: , “To know your future, you must know your past” literally, while writing Season 3. Many of the flashback scenes helped foreshadow the events that unfolded in each episode.
It is unfortunate that the show is meeting its end, in the fourth installment. This is a bittersweet moment for viewers. The season had its ups and downs, highlights and rushed finishes but was still a great ride. The closing of the “The Strain,” has created a faster paced narrative and a more thrilling turn of events that may have come a little too late. The tone of the show has now shifted from the beginning of a vampire apocalypse, to a full-blown post-apocalyptic plot, as the Strigoi flooded the streets of New York City in the Season 3 finale.
Opinion by Tyler Cole
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
FX Networks : The Strain
Imdb : The Strain
Deadline Hollywood : The Strain
Images Courtesy of FX Networks Fox Entertainment Group – Used With Permission the strain",0
16557,Trump’s Star Vandalized On Hollywood Walk Of Fame - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Report: Friend Has Been Going By Middle Name This Whole Fucking Time CALABASAS, CA—Astounded that it had never come up at any point in the six years they had known each other, local woman Lucy Reed, 25, reported Tuesday that her friend Nicole Silberthau had apparently been going by her middle name this whole fucking time. Teary-Eyed Tim Kaine Asks Clinton If His Hair Will Grow Back In Time For Election Day NEW YORK—His lower lip quivering while showing his running mate the uneven patches on his head where he attempted to give himself a trim, a teary-eyed Tim Kaine reportedly asked Hillary Clinton this morning if his hair would grow back in time for Election Day. ",0
16558,Forget Wikileaks...this is the real October Surprise that is going to stop Hillary,"Forget Wikileaks...this is the real October Surprise that is going to stop Hillary page: 1 link People have a hard time wading through all of the twists and turns, and convoluted political intrigue, that are the devastating stream of revelations about just how corrupt the Democratic Party...and its supreme leader Hillary Clinton...is. Most people don't have the time, or the attention span, to pour over the tens of thousands of documents being released by Wikileaks - and the MSM is trying their hardest to ignore the subject. Having said that, my father once told me that, ""There are two things you don't mess with. A man's wife, or a man's paycheque...and not necessarily in that order."" Substitute ""woman"" and ""husband"" if you like, but the message is very clear. And now...even CNN cannot ignore it...we have the issue that directly affects people's pocketbooks. Plain and simple. The pain and the impacts are very real and very personal. Obamacare Premiums... Just watch the Polls swing on this issue leading up to November 8...and watch as State after State goes from Blue to Red - just like the American peoples' bank accounts, due to the astonishing increases in Obamacare Premiums! edit on 27-10-2016 by mobiusmale because: link not working edit on 27-10-2016 by mobiusmale because: typo link a reply to: mobiusmale Most people get their insurance through their work, the next largest segment has Medicare/Medicaid. Those that get their insurance through the exchanges, not all of them are experiencing a large premium hike. The people you are talking about that are effected by these premium hikes are a small minority that won't tilt the election one way or another. But go ahead and think this will change blue states to red. link a reply to: kruphix Kinda going to spin off that, but isn't it funny that that is the argument being made by the left now? The poor and disaffected who don't get the insurance through their work (basically the people who were invoked to pass the bill) are going to, now, take the brunt of the hikes. People will vote with their wallets. Looks like the people least likely to afford it get hit the hardest. time.com... Yet it’s also true that for Americans who don’t get insurance through work, and who make too much money to qualify for federal subsidies, the cost of health coverage is about to soar dramatically, with premiums sometimes rising $1,000, even over $2,000 for the year. If one were making 45k per year and the cost of a service increased 1k-2k for THAT year one would find other service providers or not use the service at all. But if you did not pay for health insurance you would owe the irs a penalty of 2k. Damned if you do Damned if you do not. 5% of someones income is alot, enough to make them think about who to vote for. a reply to: kruphix I am 27, never get ill, have low blood pressure, and am in good shape. My premiums doubled since this mess. So I ditched it. This was a redistribution of health care. link I don't understand why Trump hasn't been all over this opportunity. He should stop with the nonsense shooting himself in the foot crap and focus on this news to sway more voters to his side. Instead he has been babbling about his awesome golf course. It is times like these that make me think he must be taking a dive on purpose. originally posted by: Mr Headshot a reply to: kruphix Kinda going to spin off that, but isn't it funny that that is the argument being made by the left now? The poor and disaffected who don't get the insurance through their work (basically the people who were invoked to pass the bill) are going to, now, take the brunt of the hikes. Of course they will because they're the ones on the exchanges. One thing Hillary would like to do is provide more federal funding to get younger people signed up, to lower the risk pool and in turn lower premiums. Of course, the Republicans won't work with her on it because ""OBAMACARE,"" so who knows. I guess everyone is holding out for single payer, which is the inevitable result once the insurance industry collapses under the high cost of medical treatment. link a reply to: kruphix The people you are talking about that are effected by these premium hikes are a small minority that won't tilt the election one way or another. Yeah the people in the ""basket of deplorables"" are a small minority as well. Perhaps in your opinion they are all in the same basket. Nice to be told ""you're a amall minority"" your fate won't effect an election. originally posted by: kruphix a reply to: mobiusmale Most people get their insurance through their work, the next largest segment has Medicare/Medicaid. Those that get their insurance through the exchanges, not all of them are experiencing a large premium hike. The people you are talking about that are effected by these premium hikes are a small minority that won't tilt the election one way or another. But go ahead and think this will change blue states to red. cool, then abolishing the abortion that is ""Obamacare"" should be quick and easy. Then we can get insurance companies back to competing for our business and maybe get insurance back to where most people can afford it and not just those making less than $23k a year. You do realize that Obamacare is the single biggest failure in the history of the US last 8 years right? Much like a monkey #ing a football. link a reply to: mobiusmale It's going to cost Hilary some votes but is NOT going turn a blue state red. Might sway a poorer purple one toward red, but I'm unsure of what state fits that bill exactly. Fl maybe? a reply to: Greggers Of course, the Republicans won't work with her on it because ""OBAMACARE,"" so who knows. ""Work with her""? really kind of like the dems worked with the gop to pass the ACA to begin with? Pass it before you read it? Like your plan keep your plan? That kind of cooperation? originally posted by: kruphix a reply to: mobiusmale Most people get their insurance through their work, the next largest segment has Medicare/Medicaid. Those that get their insurance through the exchanges, not all of them are experiencing a large premium hike. The people you are talking about that are effected by these premium hikes are a small minority that won't tilt the election one way or another. But go ahead and think this will change blue states to red. Considering you're talking about small and medium business owners who the current administration (and HRC) says they want to support, I am fairly certain the OP is accurate. The price hikes are a direct slap in the face to those of us that own our own small businesses and pay for insurance on our own. Shows how out of touch the top is with the middle. Employer sponsored rates are high too. It's cutting into employees' pay. Wake up voters !!! originally posted by: Mr Headshot a reply to: kruphix Kinda going to spin off that, but isn't it funny that that is the argument being made by the left now? The poor and disaffected who don't get the insurance through their work (basically the people who were invoked to pass the bill) are going to, now, take the brunt of the hikes. Of course they will because they're the ones on the exchanges. One thing Hillary would like to do is provide more federal funding to get younger people signed up, to lower the risk pool and in turn lower premiums. Of course, the Republicans won't work with her on it because ""OBAMACARE,"" so who knows. I guess everyone is holding out for single payer, which is the inevitable result once the insurance industry collapses under the high cost of medical treatment. yes, the young ones who are also making minimum wage or close. If they make any money at all, they will miss the subsidies and be paying the $500 to $800 a month the rest of us have to pay. The way it was before Obamacare was much much better for everyone except the one's with pre-existing conditions. It's a shame we couldn't have someone who was smart enough to grasp that. Then they could have just tried to fix that tiny slice of the population instead of jamming a broomstick up the rest of us. originally posted by: Mr Headshot a reply to: kruphix Kinda going to spin off that, but isn't it funny that that is the argument being made by the left now? The poor and disaffected who don't get the insurance through their work (basically the people who were invoked to pass the bill) are going to, now, take the brunt of the hikes. Of course they will because they're the ones on the exchanges. One thing Hillary would like to do is provide more federal funding to get younger people signed up, to lower the risk pool and in turn lower premiums. Of course, the Republicans won't work with her on it because ""OBAMACARE,"" so who knows. I guess everyone is holding out for single payer, which is the inevitable result once the insurance industry collapses under the high cost of medical treatment. ""More Federal Funding"" is just code for, ""we are going to increase taxes""...so Hillary's solution for high Health insurance Premiums, is to move the taxpayer drain a little farther to left and call it something else. I mean what choice would she have, if she wants to keep some semblance of this disaster intact? The Obama/Clinton regime doubled the National Debt to over $20 trillion dollars in 8 yearts...how much deeper can that go before the whole bubble bursts? a reply to: Vasa Croe The price hikes are a direct slap in the face to those of us that own our own small businesses and pay for insurance on our own. That's right they forgot if you have less than 50 people employed you do not have to provide insurance to your employees. originally posted by: Mr Headshot a reply to: kruphix Kinda going to spin off that, but isn't it funny that that is the argument being made by the left now? The poor and disaffected who don't get the insurance through their work (basically the people who were invoked to pass the bill) are going to, now, take the brunt of the hikes. Of course they will because they're the ones on the exchanges. One thing Hillary would like to do is provide more federal funding to get younger people signed up, to lower the risk pool and in turn lower premiums. Of course, the Republicans won't work with her on it because ""OBAMACARE,"" so who knows. I guess everyone is holding out for single payer, which is the inevitable result once the insurance industry collapses under the high cost of medical treatment. And where exactly does federal funding come from? *looks at wallet* No such thing as a free lunch. My healthcare costs have gone up almost 50% while benefits have gone down, and I'm on an employer provided plan. I'm 33yo and healthy as a horse. Healthcare is not a right, quit treating it as such. Get some actual competition in the system as well as some tort reform and maybe you'll see some improvement. Start jailing cronies and letting unprofitable companies fail you'll see some improvement. I feel sorry for anyone who believes that Democrats/Republicans are one dimes worth of different from each other... edit on 10-27-2016 by cynicalheathen because: (no reason given)",0
16559,"In Books on Donald Trump, Consistent Portraits of a High-Decibel Narcissist - The New York Times","Over the last year, we’ve been plunged into the alternate reality of Trumpland, as though we were caught in the maze of his old board game, “Trump: The Game,” with no exit in sight. It’s a Darwinian,      world where greed is good, insults are the lingua franca, and winning is everything (or, in tangled Trumpian syntax, “It’s not whether you win or lose, but whether you win! ”). To read a stack of new and reissued books about Mr. Trump, as well as a bunch of his own works, is to be plunged into a kind of Bizarro World version of Dante’s “Inferno,” where arrogance, acquisitiveness and the sowing of discord are not sins, but attributes of leadership a place where lies, contradictions and outrageous remarks spring up in such thickets that the sort of moral exhaustion associated with bad soap operas quickly threatens to ensue. That the subject of these books is not a fictional character but the Republican nominee for president can only remind the reader of Philip Roth’s observation, made more than 50 years ago, that American reality is so stupefying, “so weird and astonishing,” that it poses an embarrassment to the novelist’s “meager imagination. ” Books about Mr. Trump tend to fall into two categories. There are funny ones that focus on Trump the Celebrity of the 1980s and ’90s  —   a cartoony avatar of greed and wretched excess and what Garry Trudeau (“Yuge! 30 Years of Doonesbury on Trump”) calls “big, honking hubris. ” And there are serious biographies that try to shed light on Mr. Trump’s life and complex, highly opaque business dealings as a real estate magnate, which are vital to understanding the judgment,   abilities and financial entanglements he would bring to the Oval Office. Because of Mr. Trump’s lack of transparency surrounding his business interests (he has even declined to disclose his tax returns) and because of his loose handling of facts and love of hyperbole, serious books are obligated to spend a lot of time sifting through business and court documents. (USA Today recently reported that there are “about 3, 500 legal actions involving Trump, including 1, 900 where he or his companies were a plaintiff and about 1, 300 in which he was the defendant. ”) And they must also   his assertions (PolitiFact rates 35 percent of his statements False, and 18 percent “Pants on Fire” Lies). Perhaps because they were written rapidly as Mr. Trump’s presidential candidacy gained traction, the latest of these books rarely step back to analyze in detail the larger implications and repercussions of the Trump phenomenon. Nor do they really map the landscape in which he has risen to popularity and is himself reshaping through his carelessness with facts, polarizing remarks and disregard for political rules. For that matter, these books shed little new light on controversial stands taken by Mr. Trump which, many legal scholars and historians note, threaten constitutional guarantees and American democratic traditions. Those include his call for “a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States” and the “extreme vetting” of immigrants his talk of revising libel laws to make it easier to sue news organizations over critical coverage an   attack on a federal judge that raises questions about his commitment to an independent judiciary and his incendiary use of nativist and bigoted language that is fueling racial tensions and helping to mainstream   views on race. Some of these books touch fleetingly on Mr. Trump’s use of inflammatory language and emotional appeal to feelings of fear and anger, but they do not delve deeply into the consequences of his nativist rhetoric or his contempt for the rules of civil discourse. They do, however, provide some sense of history, reminding us that while Mr. Trump’s craving for attention and use of controversy as an instrument of publicity have remained the same over the years, the surreal switch of venues  —   from the New York tabloid universe and the world of reality TV to the   arena of national and global politics  —   has turned formerly “  stakes,” as one writer put it, into something profoundly more troubling. From   insults aimed at fellow celebrities, Mr. Trump now denigrates whole racial and religious groups and questions the legitimacy of the electoral system. A “  buffoon” in Manhattan in the waning decades of the 20th century  —   as the editor of The New Yorker, David Remnick, terms the businessman in a foreword to Mark Singer’s book “Trump and Me”  —   has metamorphosed into a political candidate whom 50 senior Republican national security officials recently said “would be the most reckless president in American history,” putting “at risk our country’s national security and well being. ” Two new books provide useful, vigorously reported overviews of Mr. Trump’s life and career. “Trump Revealed,” by Michael Kranish and Marc Fisher of The Washington Post, draws heavily on work by reporters of The Post and more than 20 hours of interviews with the candidate. Much of its material will be familiar to readers  —   thanks to newspaper articles and Michael D’Antonio’s 2015 biography (“Never Enough: Donald Trump and the Pursuit of Success”)  —   but “Trump Revealed” deftly charts his   building of his gaudy brand and his often masterful manipulation of the media. It provides a succinct account of Mr. Trump’s childhood, when he says he punched a teacher, giving him a black eye. It also recounts his apprenticeship to a demanding father, who told him he needed to become a “killer” in anything he did, and how he learned the art of the counterattack from Roy Cohn, Joseph McCarthy’s former   man, whom Mr. Trump hired to countersue the federal government after the Justice Department brought a case against the Trump family firm in 1973 for violating the Fair Housing Act. “The Making of Donald Trump” by David Cay Johnston  —   a former reporter for The New York Times who has written extensively about Mr. Trump  —   zeros in on Mr. Trump’s business practices, arguing that while he presents himself as “a modern Midas,” much “of what he touches” has often turned “to dross. ” Mr. Johnston, who has followed the real estate impresario for nearly three decades, offers a searing indictment of his business practices and creative accounting. He examines Mr. Trump’s taste for debt, what associates have described as his startling capacity for recklessness, multiple corporate bankruptcies, dealings with reputed mobsters and accusations of fraud. The portrait of Mr. Trump that emerges from these books, old or new, serious or satirical, is remarkably consistent: a   narcissist, almost comically   a “hyperbole addict who prevaricates for fun and profit,” as Mr. Singer wrote in The New Yorker in 1997. Mr. Singer also describes Mr. Trump as an “insatiable publicity hound who courts the press on a daily basis and, when he doesn’t like what he reads, attacks the messengers as ‘human garbage,’” “a fellow both slippery and naïve, artfully calculating and recklessly heedless of consequences. ” At the same time, Mr. Singer and other writers discern an emptiness underneath the   armor. In “Trump and Me,” Mr. Singer describes his subject as a man “who had aspired to and achieved the ultimate luxury, an existence unmolested by the rumbling of a soul. ” Mr. Kranish and Mr. Fisher likewise suggest that Mr. Trump “had walled off” any pain he experienced growing up and “hid it behind a   show about himself. ” When they ask him about friends, they write, he gives them  —   off the record  —   the names of three men “he had had business dealings with two or more decades before, men he had only rarely seen in recent years. ” Mr. Trump likes to boast about going it alone  —   an impulse that helps explain the rapid turnover among advisers in his campaign, and that has raised serious concerns among national security experts and foreign policy observers, who note that his extreme   and certainty (“I’m speaking with myself, number one, because I have a very good brain”) come coupled with a startling ignorance about global affairs and an impatience with policy and details. Passages in his books help illuminate Mr. Trump’s admiration for the strongman style of autocratic leaders like Russia’s Vladimir V. Putin, and his own astonishing “I alone can fix it” moment during his Republican convention speech. In his 2004 book, “Think Like a Billionaire,” Mr. Trump wrote: “You must plan and execute your plan alone. ” He also advised: “Have a short attention span,” adding “quite often, I’ll be talking to someone and I’ll know what they’re going to say before they say it. After the first three words are out of their mouth, I can tell what the next 40 are going to be, so I try to pick up the pace and move it along. You can get more done faster that way. ” In many respects, Mr. Trump’s own quotes and writings provide the most vivid and alarming picture of his values, modus operandi and relentlessly dark outlook focused on revenge. “Be paranoid,” he advises in one book. And in another: “When somebody screws you, screw them back in spades. ” The grim, dystopian view of America, articulated in Mr. Trump’s Republican convention speech, is previewed in his 2015 book, “Crippled America” (republished with the cheerier title of “Great Again: How to Fix Our Crippled America”) in which he contends that “everyone is eating” America’s lunch. And a similarly nihilistic vision surfaces in other remarks he’s made over the years: “I always get even” “For the most part, you can’t respect people because most people aren’t worthy of respect” and: “The world is a horrible place. Lions kill for food, but people kill for sport. ” Once upon a time, such remarks made Mr. Trump perfect fodder for comedians. Though some writers noted that he was already a caricature of a caricature  —   difficult to parody or satirize  —   Mr. Trudeau recalled that he provided cartoonists with “an embarrassment of follies. ” And the businessman, who seems to live by the conviction that any publicity is good publicity, apparently embraced this celebrity, writing: “My cartoon is real. I am the creator of my own comic book. ” In a 1990 cartoon, Doonesbury characters argued over what they disliked more about Mr. Trump: “the boasting, the piggish consumption” or “the hideous décor of his casinos. ” Sadly, the stakes today are infinitely so much huger. Follow Michiko Kakutani on Twitter: @michikokakutani",0
16561,Not sure what to do with your time now Bake Off has finished? Follow Newsbiscuit on Facebook and Twitter instead, ,0
