id,title,text,label
19038,PA RESTAURANT Forced To CLOSE After ICE Sweep Nabs Illegal Workers…Attorney For Illegals Has UNBELIEVABLE Response,"The Attorney representing the illegal aliens who were arrested alleges that, Other than drunken driving, and driving without a license, and entering the country illegally, they ve done nothing wrong LOL! The popular Aroma Buffet & Grill in York, Pennsylvania reopened Wednesday after an Immigration and Customs Enforcement sweep that nabbed several employees forced owners to close down.The restaurant s new manager, Kyle Lin, told the York Daily Record he was recently hired to run the place but he s not sure whether the former manager s role in hiring four kitchen employees who were arrested by ICE agents two weeks ago. I m not sure if the previous manager hired them or knew of their proper status, or if those employees provided false information,  Lin said.Attorney Stephen Converse is representing the four employees   all men in their 20s   who were in the country illegally from Guatemala, Mexico and El Salvador.Converse would not identify his clients, but told the news site they re not serious criminals. He alleges that other than drunken driving, and driving without a license, and entering the country illegally, they ve done nothing wrong.Converse credited the Trump administration with removing them and numerous other illegal immigrants he is currently representing. The Obama administration very methodically focused on criminal aliens,  he told the Daily Record.  Now they re targeting everyone. The defense attorney said he s personally spoken with 16 illegal immigrants arrested by ICE agents in York County over the last three weeks, and contends another 14 were arrested in Carbon County.Converse also complained that local courts will no longer simply release illegal immigrants back into society as they await a hearing, and are now holding them for ICE.ICE officials would not discuss operations with the Daily Record, which cited a U.S. Department of Homeland Security statement that more than 680 illegal immigrants were arrested last month in large metropolitan cities.ICE field office director for greater Los Angeles, David Marin, told the Associated Press in mid-February that those sweeps were planned  before the (Trump) administration came out with their current executive orders  on immigration.   The American Mirror",0
19039,"LORETTA LYNCH Makes Disturbing VIDEO Encouraging Dems To Fight Back Like Those Before Us: “They’ve Marched…They’ve Bled…And Yes, Some Have Died…We Did This Before…We Can Do This Again!”","Obama s former AG Loretta Lynch released a video that s a call to action for Democrats. These people who have been stripped of power after being so close to achieving their goals of fundamentally transforming America into something most Americans wouldn t recognize, are serious about starting a civil war in our nation. If you don t believe me, listen to the words of Obama s former AG, who compares the fight against President Trump and his supporters to that of the Civil War:  I know that this is a time of great fear and uncertainty for so many people. I know it s a time of concern for people, who see our rights being assailed, being trampled on and even being rolled back.  I know that this is difficult, but I remind you that this has never been easy. We have always had to work to move this country forward to achieve the great ideals of our Founding Fathers. (Lynch s statement about the Founding Fathers is quite ironic, considering that she worked hand-in-hand with former President Barack Obama to destroy the very fabric of our Constitution.) It has been people, individuals who have banded together, ordinary people who simply saw what needed to be done and came together and supported those ideals who have made the difference. They ve marched, they ve bled and yes, some of them died. This is hard. Every good thing is. We have done this before. We can do this again. ",0
19040,MUSLIM ATHLETE Given “Hero’s Welcome” ARRESTED For Sexual Abuse Of 12-Yr Old Girl After Senator Schumer Helped Him Get Around U.S. Visa Denial,"An Indian athlete who overcame a visa denial with the help of U.S. lawmakers and a local mayor to attend the World Snowshoe Championship in New York has been arrested on charges of the abuse of a minor.It was a long journey for Indian snowshoe champion Hussain and his coach to the World Snowshoe Championships in Saranac Lake, New York last weekend.The pair were initially denied visas to travel to the U.S. in the chaotic days following the Trump administration s travel ban, but with the help of Saranac s mayor and   according to Mir   the office of Democratic Sen. Chuck Schemer, the American Embassy in New Delhi reversed their decision Feb. 17 and allowed them to travel to the competition.Democrat Senator Chuck Schumer, an outspoken opponent of President Trump s attempts to more carefully vet refugees and visa holder s coming into the United States, bragged about getting around Trump s temporary travel restrictions on his Facebook page:Hussain hails from the Indian side of the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir, which is predominantly Muslim. Although India is not one of the seven countries that was part of the initial travel ban, Hussain and Khan had alleged they were victims of it when their first attempt at procuring visas to travel to the United States were turned down in late January, the first business day after Trump s travel ban was put in place.Khan told the BBC that an employee at the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi told them they were being rejected because of  current policy. U.S. officials said at the time that the denial was not connected to the travel ban. An embassy spokesman said they were preparing a statement for release later in the day.  National PostHussain and team manager Abid Khan arrived Feb. 23 in the bucolic Adirondacks town, which had been following their visa ordeal and extended them a hero s welcome. Locals offered congratulations and free lodgings at an inn that in the snow looked like a  fairy tale scene from a movie,  Khan said in a Facebook post.The  fairy tale  was shattered Wednesday, when Hussain, 24, was arrested and charged with felony sexual abuse and child welfare endangerment, police said.The parents of the 12-year-old girl allegedly involved said the incident happened Monday, after the end of the three-day snowshoe competition, and reported it to local authorities.Chief Charles A. Potthast Jr. of the Saranac Lake Village police force said the girl was playing pool Monday afternoon with other young people at the inn where Hussain was staying. There was a moment when the two were alone, and that s when the incident occurred,  Potthast said. The girl told police there was a  passionate kiss  and that Hussain touched her in an intimate area on top of her clothing.Hussain remains jailed on $10,000 bond. Khan said the athlete told him he had done nothing wrong.A spokesman for Schumer said the senator helped with the visa process at the request of Saranac Lake and described the charges against Hussain as  extremely troubling. A spokesman for Gillibrand said the senator thinks the charges are  extremely serious. During their time in Saranac Lake, Hussein and his coach were honored with a special reception by the mayor and gave a talk about Kashmir at Saranac Lake Middle School, where students had waged a letter-writing campaign on their behalf.  Pack your bags. Next year you are coming to Kashmir,  Hussain told them, according to one of Khan s Facebook posts. Washington PostThe athlete s coach said he is innocent. Mir had said that the visa would not have been issued without the  personal efforts  of Schumer and New York s other Democratic senator, Kirsten Gillibrand. On Saturday, Schumer celebrated Hussain s  rock star  welcome in a Facebook post, saying that the United States is  still a country that welcome athletes from across the globe to compete in our stadiums, our snow-covered fields and everywhere in between.   National Post ",0
19041,PRESIDENT TRUMP: “Terrible. Just Found Out That Obama Had My ‘Wires Tapped’ In Trump Tower Just Before The Victory…This Is McCarthyism!”,"President Trump on Saturday claimed President Obama had his  wires tapped  in Trump Tower before Election Day, tweeting the accusation without offering evidence. Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my  wires tapped  in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  he wrote. Is it legal for a sitting President to be  wire tapping  a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!  he added in subsequent tweets.  I d bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!    The HillTerrible! Just found out that Obama had my ""wires tapped"" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Is it legal for a sitting President to be ""wire tapping"" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017Drawing on sources including the New York Times and the Washington Post, Levin described the case against Obama so far, based on what is already publicly known. The expanded version of the case can be found here.Here is an important portion of that case: October: FISA request. The Obama administration submits a new, narrow request to the FISA court, now focused on a computer server in Trump Tower suspected of links to Russian banks. No evidence is found   but the wiretaps continue, ostensibly for national security reasons, Andrew McCarthy at National Review later notes. The Obama administration is now monitoring an opposing presidential campaign using the high-tech surveillance powers of the federal intelligence services.January 2017: Buzzfeed/CNN dossier. Buzzfeed releases, and CNN reports, a supposed intelligence  dossier  compiled by a foreign former spy. It purports to show continuous contact between Russia and the Trump campaign, and says that the Russians have compromising information about Trump. None of the allegations can be verified and some are proven false. Several media outlets claim that they had been aware of the dossier for months and that it had been circulating in Washington.January: Obama expands NSA sharing. As Michael Walsh later notes, and as the New York Times reports, the outgoing Obama administration  expanded the power of the National Security Agency to share globally intercepted personal communications with the government s 16 other intelligence agencies before applying privacy protections.  The new powers, and reduced protections, could make it easier for intelligence on private citizens to be circulated improperly or leaked.January: Times report. The New York Times reports, on the eve of Inauguration Day, that several agencies   the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), the National Security Agency (NSA) and the Treasury Department are monitoring several associates of the Trump campaign suspected of Russian ties. Other news outlets also report the exisentence of  a multiagency working group to coordinate investigations across the government,  though it is unclear how they found out, since the investigations would have been secret and involved classified information.February: Mike Flynn scandal. Reports emerge that the FBI intercepted a conversation in 2016 between future National Security Adviser Michael Flynn   then a private citizen   and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. The intercept supposedly was part of routine spying on the ambassador, not monitoring of the Trump campaign. The FBI transcripts reportedly show the two discussing Obama s newly-imposed sanctions on Russia, though Flynn earlier denied discussing them. Sally Yates, whom Trump would later fire as acting Attorney General for insubordination, is involved in the investigation. In the end, Flynn resigns over having misled Vice President Mike Pence (perhaps inadvertently) about the content of the conversation.February: Times claims extensive Russian contacts. The New York Times cites  four current and former American officials  in reporting that the Trump campaign had  repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials. The Trump campaign denies the claims   and the Times admits that there is  no evidence  of coordination between the campaign and the Russians. The White House and some congressional Republicans begin to raise questions about illegal intelligence leaks.March: the Washington Post targets Jeff Sessions. The Washington Post reports that Attorney General Jeff Sessions had contact twice with the Russian ambassador during the campaign   once at a Heritage Foundation event and once at a meeting in Sessions s Senate office. The Post suggests that the two meetings contradict Sessions s testimony at his confirmation hearings that he had no contacts with the Russians, though in context (not presented by the Post) it was clear he meant in his capacity as a campaign surrogate, and that he was responding to claims in the  dossier  of ongoing contacts. The New York Times, in covering the story, adds that the Obama White House  rushed to preserve  intelligence related to alleged Russian links with the Trump campaign. By  preserve  it really means  disseminate : officials spread evidence throughout other government agencies  to leave a clear trail of intelligence for government investigators  and perhaps the media as well.In summary: the Obama administration sought, and eventually obtained, authorization to eavesdrop on the Trump campaign; continued monitoring the Trump team even when no evidence of wrongdoing was found; then relaxed the NSA rules to allow evidence to be shared widely within the government, virtually ensuring that the information, including the conversations of private citizens, would be leaked to the media.Levin called the effort a  silent coup  by the Obama administration and demanded that it be investigated.In addition, Levin castigated Republicans in Congress for focusing their attention on Trump and Attorney General Sessions rather than Obama.  Breitbart NewsPresident Trump also used Twitter to build his case against the Democrats and how they are attempting to unfairly trash the reputation of Jeff Sessions,  an honest man :Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017 intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017 to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017 is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total ""witch hunt!""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2017He followed up his tweets about the Sessions witch-hunt with a tweet about the first meeting in question that Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Ambassador just before the election was actually arranged by the Obama administration under education programs for 100 Ambassadors. This new news of course, leave the Democrats looking a little foolish over their rush to crucify Sessions for meeting with the Russian Ambassador that they arranged:The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017",0
19042,"HASTA LA VISTA Arnold! Guy Whose Affair With Housekeeper Produced Son, Destroyed 25 Yr. Marriage Says Trump Has Too Much “Baggage”…. Quits Celebrity Apprentice","Arnold Schwarzenegger, who replaced Donald Trump as host of  Celebrity Apprentice,  is calling it quits:In remarks Friday, the former California governor cited President Trump, who has repeatedly mocked the ratings of his reality TV replacement, as his reason. Even if asked [to do it again] I would decline,  Schwarzenegger told Empire .  I learned a lot, I had a great time, it was a really great opportunity. But under the circumstances I don t want to do it again. With Trump being involved in the show people have a bad taste and don t want to participate as a spectator or sponsor or in any other way support the show. It s a very divisive period right now and I think the show got caught up in all that division. NYT s TV reporter John Koblin made the announcement on Twitter:Arnold Schwarzenegger told NBC he's leaving ""The Celebrity Apprentice."" Here's his statement: pic.twitter.com/HXS6w1vqlb  John Koblin (@koblin) March 3, 2017While Schwarzenegger is blaming Trump, Twitter users are blaming the ratings:Or the bad ratings?  Booga 7 (@commonsensemom2) March 3, 2017https://twitter.com/SJCLawStudent25/status/837742613318914049One Twitter user suggested that it might be a good time for Ivanka to take her father s phone away LOL!.@IvankaTrump You should probably take Dad's phone away. https://t.co/uHfczRBtJh  Stephen Miller (@redsteeze) March 3, 2017 Twitchy",0
19043,BUSTED! NANCY PELOSI Claims No Meeting With Russian Ambassador…Photo From 2010 Proves Otherwise! [Video]," Pelosi claims to have not had a meeting with the Russian ambassador:Pelosi with the ambassador in 2010: Pelosi had her spokesperson make a statement after twitter comments about the photo came out: Leader Pelosi s answer to the question today was clearly about private, one-on-one meetings, which she has never had with Ambassador Kislyak,  Hammill said.  The Ambassador was incidental to the 2010 meeting between then-Russian President Medvedev and then-Speaker Pelosi. Clearly, one needs to remind Politico that Attorney General Sessions lied under oath about a secret meeting amidst Russia s hacking of our election, which he also didn t disclose in a written questionnaire. ",0
19044,ULTIMATE HYPOCRITES! RUSSIAN Ambassador Visited Obama’s White House 6 TIMES During Hillary’s Uranium Deal…Bill Clinton Bagged $500K Speaking Fee In Moscow [VIDEO],"According to the New Yorker, Bill Clinton received a $500,000 speaking fee for a speech in Moscow paid for by a Kremlin-connected bank. I ve gotta pay our bills,  explained Bill Clinton.Clinton s State Department was one of eight agencies to review the deal, but Hillary Clinton was the only agency head whose family foundation bagged $145 million in donations, reports the New York Times and Clinton Cash.Indeed, the head of the Russian government s uranium company, Ian Teller  made a secret $2.35 million foreign donation to the Clinton Foundation, as was confirmed by the New York Times.  BreitbartThe visitor logs, which Obama made public in 2009 in a push for transparency, show that the long-time Russian ambassador to the United States visited the White House at least 22 times between 2009 and 2016.Kislyak appeared in the logs as recently as September 2016 when he had a meeting scheduled with one of Obama s senior advisers, John Holdren, in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. The other visitors listed at the meeting are Marina W. Gross, Alexander Ermolaev, Alexey Lopatin, Vyacheslav Balakirev and Sergey Sarazhinskiy. Though the appointment was scheduled to begin at 12:00 pm, it does not include an end time.  Daily CallerAmbassador Kislyak met with Obama White House officials six times in 2010 during the Clinton uranium scandal. Kislyak met with Obama officials six times in 2010: December 2010, October 2010, May 2010, April 2010, February 2010 and March 2010.In October 2010 Secretary of State Hillary Clinton permitted the Russian takeover of Uranium One   a move estimated to give HALF of US Uranium output to the Russian government.Throughout the deal $145,000,000 poured into the Clinton Foundation from investors who profited from the deal.  Gateway PunditBesides the media and the Democrat Party, who can forget when Obama was running for his second term and was caught on a hot mic telling at a global nuclear security summit in South Korea, asking Russian President Dmitry Medvedev for more  space.   This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility. : Here is the timeline of Hillary s transfer of half of the US Uranium to the Russian government (courtesy of Breitbart News) : ",0
19045,"WATCH: G.W. BUSH Gushes Over Kimmel’s Anti-Trump Oscar’s Monologue…Refused To Speak Out Against Obama, It’s Not “good for the country to have a former president undermine a current president”","George W. Bush heaped praise on Jimmy Kimmel for his anti-Trump opening monologue at the Oscars on Thursday night, telling the comedian enthusiastically that his performance was  damn good .In a rare and lighthearted television appearance, Bush steered clear of mentioning the current president by name but was led into several subtle jabs at him by his mischievous host. Among the slights was a compliment for Kimmel s decidedly anti-Trump debut at the Academy Awards. I saw your opening. I thought it was damn good!  he enthused, adding later that Kimmel was a  funny guy .During his opening skit at the award ceremony Kimmel on Sunday landed several blows on President Trump about how he d made the rest of the world  hate  America and described a divided country that no one could fix.WATCH former President George W. Bush tell Sean Hannity why he refuses to attack Barack Obama when he was President: He then mocked Trump s assessment of Meryl Streep as one of Hollywood s most  overrated actresses , sarcastically piling on to her apparent mediocrity.President Bush, eager to portray his sense of humor on Thursday, appeared to wholeheartedly approve of the roast.OOPS! Did former President forget what he said about not  undermining a current president?  But Bush didn t stop there in allowing Kimmel to make pointed comparisons with the current commander-in-chief.Unlike Trump who has complained incessantly about news networks and their coverage of him, Bush said he didn t ever watch television during office.  You re pretty busy, there s plenty to do. He said he always enjoyed attending the White House Correspondents Dinner   something the current president boycotted   and even used it as an opportunity to poke fun at himself. I love humor, the best humor is when you make fun of yourself,  President Bush said, carefully resisting Kimmel s response:  Tell that to the president! .  Daily Mail ",0
19046,RACIST LIBERAL REPORTER Arrested In Connection With 8 Jewish Community Center Bomb Threats…Blames “Nasty/Racist White Girl” [VIDEO],"The media and the Democrat Party has been coming down pretty hard on President Trump for not doing enough to call out the rise of hateful anti-semitism, as though Trump has a direct line to the anti-semites. Well, as it turns out, the first person to be arrested for his involvement in a string of bomb threats that were made to Jewish Community Centers is an openly racist, leftist journalist. Let that sink in. When 31 year old disgraced journalist Juan Thompson was arrested in connection with making threats against eight Jewish Community Centers, he immediately took to Twitter (where his feed is filled with hateful, racist views) to blame a white former girlfriend for framing you so you d be  raped in jail what else? Juan Thompson, of Missouri, is accused of making the threats as part of an extensive cyber-stalking  campaign  against his ex-girlfriend to  harass and intimidate  her, the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of New York announced on March 3.Thompson was fired by The Intercept last February after he was accused of fabricating sources in a story about the Charleston church shooting.Here s what you need to know.1. During One Threat, Thompson Claimed There Were Bombs in a Middle School & There Was Going to be a  Jewish Newtown In the now-retracted article, Thompson had claimed that  Scott Roof  had speculated during a phone conversation that Dylann Roof may been driven to murder nine black churchgoers at a Charleston, South Carolina church because  he kind of went over the edge when a girl he liked starting dating a black guy two years back.  Thompson s report was picked up by dozens of other news outlets.Thompson was hired by The Intercept s founding editor-in-chief, John Cook, in November 2014. Reed replaced Cook, a former editor of Gawker.com and the current executive editor of Gawker Media, in December 2014. Prior to The Intercept, Thompson had reported in Chicago for DNAInfo and interned at the local NPR affiliate, WBEZ.*On Twitter, Thompson claimed that the threats were made by his ex-girlfriend, the FBI said in court documents.The FBI has been investigating more than 100 bomb threats made to Jewish Community Centers, schools and the Anti-Defamation League, along with other Jewish organizations, since early January. There have been at least five waves of attacks, with multiple threats coming on the same day.Police do not believe Thompson is the main suspect behind the majority of the threats, ABC News reports. Police sources told ABC News that Thompson appears to have taken advantage of national news coverage of the threats to continue his ongoing harassment against his ex-girlfriend in revenge for her breaking up with him.  HeavyHere are a few sampling of tweets (language warning) from the racist liberal reporter Juan Thompson:Wow. The #Oscars are fucking and toying and exploiting black ppl like America has done for centuries. White folk are trash.  Juan M. Thompson (@JuanMThompson) February 27, 2017Make no mistake. Trump is a developer. This is his and the white establishment's effort to remove black ppl from the southside of Chicago. https://t.co/fe47RB8gQU  Juan M. Thompson (@JuanMThompson) February 24, 2017.@ChrisCuomo Thinks there such a thing as shaming white folk. You're an idiot. White ppl have no shame. History taught us that. #dncdebate  Juan M. Thompson (@JuanMThompson) February 23, 2017https://twitter.com/Mbarakat1990/status/834603029852725248.@ChrisCuomo You are a horrible race/religious baiter. ""How could a black Muslim be opposed to anti-semitism?"" #dncdebate  Juan M. Thompson (@JuanMThompson) February 23, 2017My family was on food stamps and we actually ate steaks and escargot. Surf and turf all the way. Go fuck yourself Mississippi Senator. #ebt https://t.co/xFVVwrQ7or  Juan M. Thompson (@JuanMThompson) February 22, 2017Daily Caller  The criminal complaint states that threats made to the Jewish establishments across the country by Thompson were under his name and the name of his ex-girlfriend, and occurred after the relationship ended. The threats were made by both email and phone calls.Dozens of Jewish Community Center bomb threats have occurred throughout the country since President Donald Trump s election, and liberal groups and politicians have attacked Trump for them. The president condemned the threats during his address to Congress, but he reportedly said earlier that day,  sometimes it s the reverse, to make people   or to make others   look bad. Well-known liberal civil rights lawyer Alan Dershowitz defends  anti-semitic  accusations by leftist media and Democrat leaders against Trump s top White House advisor Steve Bannon:",0
19047,NEWT GINGRICH Punches Back At Democrats With Mega Doses Of TRUTH On The BOGUS Russia Scandal: “This is a cultural civil war” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjeOoJyPNCk,0
19048,EXPOSED! OBAMA REGIME Gave MILLIONS US Tax Dollars To RADICAL SOROS GROUPS Used To Take Down Conservative European Nation’s Government,"The cash flows through the State Department and the famously corrupt U.S. Agency of International Development (USAID), which is charged with providing global economic, development and humanitarian assistance. USAID has allocated about $5 million to leftwing Soros groups in Macedonia since 2012, documents show, and at least $9.5 million has been earmarked by the agency to intervene in the Balkan nation s governmental affairs for 2016-2011.Here s how the clandestine operation functions, according to high-level sources in Macedonia and the U.S. that have provided Judicial Watch with records as part of an ongoing investigation. The Open Society Foundation has established and funded dozens of leftwing, nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) in Macedonia to overthrow the conservative government. One Macedonian government official interviewed by Judicial Watch in Washington D.C. recently, calls it the  Soros infantry. The groups organize youth movements, create influential media outlets and organize violent protests to undermine the institutions and policies implemented by the government. One of the Soros  groups funded the translation and publication of Saul Alinsky s  Rules for Radicals  into Macedonian. The book is a tactical manual of subversion, provides direct advice for radical street protests and proclaims Lucifer to be the first radical.Thanks to Obama s ambassador, who has not been replaced by President Trump, Uncle Sam keeps the money flowing so the groups can continue operating and recruiting, sources in Macedonia and the U.S. confirm.With a population of about 2 million, Macedonia has one of the more conservative governments in Europe. This includes the lowest flat tax in Europe, close ties with Israel and pro-life policies. The country recently built a border fence to crackdown on an illegal immigration crisis that overwhelmed law enforcement agencies. Between 10,000 and 12,000 illegal aliens were crossing the Greek-Macedonian border daily at the peak of the European migration crisis, a Macedonian official told Judicial Watch, and the impact was devastating. This is likely of big interest to Soros, a renowned open borders advocate who pushes international governance, diminished U.S. global power and an increase in Muslim immigration.This appears to be the case in Macedonia with the help of American financing.There have been a number of violent protests in recent months that have been coordinated by Soros  Open Society Foundation through its U.S.-funded NGOs, sources tell Judicial Watch.Some U.S. members of Congress have expressed interest in the issue and have demanded answers from Ambassador Baily, USAID and the State Department. In typical fashion, the State Department has stonewalled the inquiries and USAID hasn t been much more forthcoming.  Judicial Watch ",0
19049,“Very Fake News” CNN PRESIDENT Like Oz Behind The Curtain…Feeds Anti-Trump Questions To Anchors While Interviewing Guests On Live TV [VIDEO],"CNN s President Jeff Zucker has dictated questions that are unfavorable of President Donald Trump to his anchors while they are live on set, according to reports.There have been several instances in which Zucker took the reigns, according to the Hollywood Reporter and the Daily Caller.During a 25 minute long debate between CNN anchor Jake Tapper and White House Counselor Kellyanne Conway on Feb. 7, Zucker called the control room to tell them to ignore commercial breaks. He was telling my executive producer,  Keep going!'  Tapper said.Tapper and CNN s Wolf Blitzer were recapping Trump s Feb. 16 conference when they interviewed Jeff Lord, a former CNN contributor and Trump supporter. During the interview, Lord said that Trump was  relaxed  and  on point  during the press conference. Moments later Zucker called Tapper through a direct line and had him pose a question. What about the 57 percent of people who didn t vote for him? Doesn t he have to be their president, too?  Sucker said. (WATCH below starting at the 3:10 mark.)Within moments, Tapper asked Lord the question structured around what Zucker wanted.As the debate continued, Lord pointed out that Trump asking Urban Radio Networks  African-American reporter April Ryan to set up the meeting with the Congressional Black Caucus is proof that Trump was appealing to the African-American base.Zucker picked up the phone again, and had the anchors ask another question. Then why does he have to ask April Ryan to get a meeting?  Zucker said. (Watch at around the 9:15 mark.)Watch one of the most smug interviews by two liberal CNN puppets you have ever seen. Knowing that their boss Jeff Zucker was feeding these two stooges questions makes it even more embarrassing. It s like watching a real-life puppet show: Zucker and Trump have known each other since before Zucker approved  The Apprentice  in 2004. Sucker told New York Magazine in October that Trump s attacks on his network made him  sad. The Washington Free Beacon",0
19050,"MULTI-MILLIONAIRE Global-Warming Hypocrites LEONARDO DICAPRIO, Al Gore And Bono Just Got Exactly What They Deserve…And It’s Glorious! [VIDEO]",Enjoy:,0
19051,COMPANY FIRES DEMOCRAT After Receiving Letter From Retired Navy Seal Exposing Him For MOCKING Widow Of Deceased Navy Seal Ryan Owens [VIDEO],"Here is the screen shot we took of his vile and hateful tweet just before he deleted his account on Twitter:We also took a screen shot of his profile before he deleted it, showing him bragging about being a  Hillary volunteer  and  Obama supporter :A Twitter follower sent us the name of the company where he worked, so we sent them a copy of our story within 10 minutes of Grilo deleting his Twitter account:You must be really proud of Dan Grilo who mocks the wife of deceased Navy Seal https://t.co/rVtbyMHUoq  100% FED UP! (@100PercFEDUP) March 1, 2017Here is a screen shot of Dan Grilo s profile on the Liberty Advisor Group website before he was fired by them:Kudos to Liberty Advisor Group for their swift action in announcing the next day that Dan Grilo was no longer working for them in this tweet:https://twitter.com/LibertyAdvisor/status/837022201924714496",0
19052,SORRY NANCY! Here’s PROOF Democrats Have NOTHING On Jeff Sessions [VIDEO],"Watch: Fox News' Catherine Herridge has the latest on AG Jeff Sessions and Russia. https://t.co/9s4PWKABvR pic.twitter.com/i0Djb4vSzB  Fox News (@FoxNews) March 2, 2017Several senators on both sides of the aisle rushed to back Attorney General Jeff Sessions Thursday as he sought to blunt resignation calls from senior Democrats, following revelations he met last year with Russia s ambassador   a detail omitted from recent congressional testimony.His defenders say such meetings between senators and diplomats were routine. And Sessions even got an inadvertent boost from Democratic Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill, who in demanding the AG s resignation initially claimed she never called or met with Russia s ambassador   only for tweets to surface indicating she had, at least twice.Other former colleagues intentionally came to Sessions  defense, backing the former Alabama senator s claim he only met with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in his official capacity as a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee. I ve met with the Russian ambassador with a group, in my capacity, with a group of other senators,  Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., told CNN.  That s in my official capacity. That s nothing. That s my job. Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., said in a statement that he d talked to  at least twenty ambassadors in the last six weeks. It would have been very normal for Sessions, as a senator, to have talked to the Russian ambassador without discussing the election,  Blunt said.Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, said on MSNBC that he d met with  six ambassadors in the last five months.  Though he hadn t met with Kislyak, Cruz said he would do so without reservations.The statements of support came as other lawmakers   including the two top-ranking Democrats, Rep. Nancy Pelosi and Sen. Chuck Schemer   demanded Sessions  resignation.   FOX NewsWatch: ",0
19053,"STUNNING STORY The Media And Democrats Hid From Public: How OBAMA’S AG Eric Holder Used TAXPAYER Dollars To Organize Street Mobs Against George Zimmerman, Take Down Police Chief","In an email sent on April 15, 2011, our upstanding Attorney General Eric Holder wrote: Issa and his idiot cronies never gave a damn about this when all that was happening was that thousands of Mexicans were being killed with guns from our country. All they want to do   in reality   is cripple ATF and suck up to the gun lobby. Politics at its worst   maybe the media will get it. Holder was also involved in the IRS scandal that targeted conservatives and conservative leaning organizations. He was never held accountable.What s truly shocking however, was Holder s involvement in the Trayvon Martin case in Sanford, Florida. While he was acting as our nation s Attorney General, he was caught by Judicial Watch spending our taxpayer dollars to deploy a little-known unit of the Department of Justice (DOJ), the Community Relations Service (CRS) to Sanford, FL, following the Trayvon Martin shooting to help organize and manage rallies and protests against George Zimmerman. Holder was also present in Ferguson where he did absolutely nothing to stop the rioting and chaos.Set up under the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the DOJ s CRS, the employees of which are required by law to  conduct their activities in confidence,  reportedly has greatly expanded its role under President Barack Obama. Though the agency claims to use  impartial mediation practices and conflict resolution procedures,  press reports along with the documents obtained by Judicial Watch suggest that the unit deployed to Sanford, FL, took an active role in working with those demanding the prosecution of Zimmerman.On April 15, 2012, during the height of the protests, the Orlando Sentinel reported,  They [the CRS] helped set up a meeting between the local NAACP and elected officials that led to the temporary resignation of police Chief Bill Lee according to Turner Clayton, Seminole County chapter president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.  The paper quoted the Rev. Valarie Houston, pastor of Allen Chapel AME Church, a focal point for protestors, as saying  They were there for us,  after a March 20 meeting with CRS agents.Separately, in response to a Florida Sunshine Law request to the City of Sanford, Judicial Watch also obtained an audio recording of a  community meeting  held at Second Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church in Sanford on April 19, 2012. The meeting, which led to the ouster of Sanford s Police Chief Bill Lee, was scheduled after a group of college students calling themselves the  Dream Defenders  barricaded the entrance to the police department demanding Lee be fired. According to the Orlando Sentinel, DOJ employees with the CRS had arranged a 40-mile police escort for the students from Daytona Beach to Sanford.Once again, Eric Holder was never held accountable for this horrendous act that was the catalyst for Obama s race war. The impact Eric Holder had in dividing our nation by race and the hate he inspired towards our law enforcement, can never be underestimated.For entire story including detailed payments go to: Judicial WatchAs a side note, in 2013, House members introduced a resolution to impeach Eric Holder, Jr., Attorney General of the United States, for high crimes and misdemeanors:Sets forth articles of impeachment stating that Holder: (1) engaged in a pattern of conduct incompatible with the trust and confidence placed in him in that position by refusing to comply with a subpoena issued by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform on October 12, 2011, in connection with a congressional investigation into Operation Fast and Furious by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms (ATF); (2) failed to enforce multiple laws, including the Defense of Marriage Act, the Controlled Substances Act, and the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1986; (3) failed his oath of office by refusing to prosecute individuals involved in the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) scandal of unauthorized disclosure of tax records belonging to political donors; and (4) testified under oath before Congress on May 15, 2013, that he was neither involved in nor had heard of a potential prosecution of the press but later confirmed to the House Judiciary Committee in a letter dated June 19, 2013, that he approved of a search warrant on journalist James Rosen.Of course he was never impeached and as recently as yesterday was threatening Americans that Obama was going to start becoming more public with his anti-Trump rhetoric ",0
19054,WHERE’S THE OVERSIGHT? OBAMA FUNNELED BILLIONS to Liberal Groups Through DOJ ‘SLUSH FUND’ [Video]," Advocates for big government and progressive power are using the Justice Department to extort money from corporations. It s a shakedown. It s corrupt, pure and simple.    Tom Fitton, Judicial WatchHere s how it works: Remember when big banks were sued by the feds for supposed mortgage abuse or discrimination? The government basically extorted money from the banks and then incentivized the banks to settle by giving the money to third-party organizations. How convenient, right?  It was a way to redistribute billions to radical organizations like La Raza!So far, investigators have accounted for $3 billion paid to  non-victim entities . The underlying problem with the slush funds is we don t know exactly where the money is going. Using enforcement authority to go after corporate defendants, DOJ bureaucrats are taking billions away from taxpayers to fund their pet projects overriding congressional preferences.    Ted Frank, director of The Competitive Enterprise Institute Center for Class Action Fairness. Somebody out to go to prison for this!  -Former Gov. Mike Huckabee sounds off on DOJ bankrolling leftist groups pic.twitter.com/Ut7u7FYD62  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) March 2, 2017READ MORE: FOX NEWS",0
19055,STUNNING VINTAGE VIDEO Shows BARACK OBAMA Mocking God…The Bible…Where Was This 9 Years Ago?,"Obama can be seen addressing a crowd about religion and the role it plays in our lives and in politics. The most interesting line comes at the beginning of the video when he tells the crowd America is no longer a Christian nation:  We are no longer a Christian nation. At least not  just ! Which passages of scripture should guide our public policy?   At some fundamental level, religion does not allow for compromise. It s the art of the impossible. If God s spoken, then followers are expected to live up to God s edicts regardless of the consequences. Barack Obama goes on to criticize his interpretation of several passages in the Bible suggesting God s word is ridiculous and needs to be examined and challenged ",0
19056,VALERIE JARRETT JUST MOVED INTO Barack And Michelle Obama’s DC Home…Plans To Help OUST Trump…ERIC HOLDER WARNS: “It’s coming…He’s coming…He’s ready to roll”,"Barack Obama is turning his new home in the posh Kalorama section of the nation s capital   just two miles away from the White House   into the nerve center of the mounting insurgency against his successor, President Donald J. Trump.Obama s goal, according to a close family friend, is to oust Trump from the presidency either by forcing his resignation or through his impeachment.And Obama is being aided in his political crusade by his longtime consigliere, Valerie Jarrett, who has moved into the 8,200-square-foot, $5.3-million Kaloroma mansion with the former president and Michelle Obama, long time best friends.Jarrett played a vital   if at times low-key   role in the Obama presidency. She lived in the White House, dined with the Obamas, and help shape his domestic and foreign policies.The former president has set up an office on the West End of the national s capitol, where he recently hosted an open house for his White House staff   including Joe Biden, Susan Rice, Josh Earnest and Jarrett.But the office, part of his post presidency perks, cannot be used for political purposes. The rent on his home is paid by him personally.On Tuesday, former Attorney General Eric Holder revealed that Obama is indeed getting closer to making his public reappearance in politics. It s coming. He s coming,  Holder said speaking to reporters.  And he s ready to roll. According to the family source, Obama was at first reluctant to assume the role of leader of the opposition. No longer the most powerful man in the world, he was just observing Trump and not liking what he saw,  said the source. He was weary and burned out after eight years in office. But Valerie convinced him that he didn t have any choice if he wanted to save his legacy. And, as usual, he bowed to Valerie s political wisdom and advice. In his only public comment against Trump since leaving the presidency, Obama came out in support of the protests opposing President Donald Trump s executive order to restrict immigration from predominantly Muslim countries.A spokesman said the former president thinks they re  citizens exercising their Constitutional right to assemble, organize and have their voices heard by their elected officials is exactly what we expect to see when American values are at stake.    Daily Mail ",0
19057,BEAU BIDEN’S WIDOW Is Having An Affair…With His Married Brother,"The grieving daughter in law of Vice President Joe Biden has formed a relationship with Hunter Biden, the younger brother of her late husband, according to a bombshell report.Beau Biden, the former attorney general of Delaware, died in 2015, shocking the entire family and playing into his father s decision to stay out of the race to succeed President Obama after decades in politics.Hunter Biden, 47, separated from his wife Kathleen in 2015. He has now taken up with his brother s widow, the couple said in a statement to the New York Post s Page Six, which acknowledged their  love and support. Hallie and I are incredibly lucky to have found the love and support we have for each other in such a difficult time, and that s been obvious to the people who love us most. We ve been so lucky to have family and friends who have supported us every step of the way,  they said in a statement.Vice President Joe Biden, who has mostly stayed out of the limelight since leaving office, also issued a statement along with his wife Jill, acknowledging the  sadness  that brought the new couple together.They offered their  complete support  to the unusual pairing.  We are all lucky that Hunter and Hallie found each other as they were putting their lives together again after such sadness. They have mine and Jill s full and complete support and we are happy for them,  Joe and Jill Biden said.A source told the New York Post Hunter and Kathleen separated in October 2015, five months after Beau Biden s death.  Daily Mail ",0
19058,MEDIA ATTACKS TRUMP…IGNORES Obama’s Miserable War Legacy: Soldiers Deaths QUADRUPLED Compared To GW Bush Years…Made Soldiers Wait To Be Shot At By Jihadists Before Attacking [VIDEO],"Here s Chris Matthews attacking Trump s speech and his acknowledgment of Ryan Owens  widow last night. Matthews can be seen along with fellow MSNB host Rachel Maddow demanding that Trump take responsibility for the death of Navy Seal Ryan Owens. No such demand was ever made of Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton by her friends in the press (fake media):So lets take a closer look at Obama s war legacy, which includes a horrendous record number of deaths in Afghanistan during his 8 years in office and the rise of ISIS, an even greater threat to America and to the stability of the Middle East.A discussion about President Barack Obama s legacy cannot ignore his policies in Afghanistan, where security conditions continue to deteriorate primarily at the hands of the Taliban, Afghans have suffered record casualties, and U.S. military fatalities have dramatically increased under his watch. The rise of the Islamic State (ISIS/ISIL) in Iraq and Syria has continued to overshadow Obama s war in Afghanistan even after the group established its still growing branch in the South Asian nation.The president s legacy on Afghanistan cannot be measured without taking into account what he inherited from George W. Bush. President Bush had been well aware at the end of his presidency that he was leaving behind Afghanistan a challenge. In his memoir Decision Points, he acknowledged Afghanistan was  unfinished business,  adding that the effort to transform the country into a stable democracy had  turned out to be more daunting than I anticipated. Nevertheless, the war found a successor willing to put in more time and resources, including human capital, into the ongoing effort. As President, I will make the fight against al Qaeda and the Taliban the top priority that it should be. This is a war that we have to win,  Obama vowed in a major 2008 campaign speech on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Obama also vowed to turn the  good war  in Afghanistan around and pull out all U.S. service members.Eight years later, U.S. military fatalities in the war have more than quadrupled from 558 under Bush to 2,247 under Obama, Pentagon data shows. There were 1,689 U.S. military deaths in Afghanistan under Obama, a figure that makes up more than 75 percent of all American fatalities since the war started in October 2001. The number of U.S. military injuries has increased more than 7-fold, from 2,702 under Bush to 20,237 now, according to Pentagon figures.The number of U.S. military injuries under Obama s watch (17,535) account for more than 90 percent of all 20,237 wounded in action incidents throughout the 15-year-old war.Almost immediately after implementing his own strategy, violence dramatically worsened in 2009, peaking in 2010, the deadliest year (497 deaths) for U.S. troops in Afghanistan.Obama presided over the top three deadliest years of the war: 2009 (303 deaths); 2010 (497 deaths); and 2011 (399). U.S. military fatalities under Bush peaked in 2008 at 151, according to a Breitbart News analysis of Pentagon data.At nearly 100,000 in 2010, the presence of the American military also reached its zenith under Obama.The rules of engagement have also been a subject of contempt for analysts and U.S. service members alike.A top commander of U.S. and NATO troops indicated that, after the end of the combat mission on December 31, 2014, American forces fighting Taliban jihadists had to wait to be shot at first to be able to attack. Being a member of the Taliban was no longer a justification for U.S. troops to open fire, attack a even as the terrorist group expands its territorial control across the war-ravaged nation.The Taliban currently controls more territory now than at any time since the group s regime was dethrone by the U.S. military in 2001. In the year after President Obama declared an end to the U.S. combat mission (2015), the Taliban surpassed their ISIS jihadist rivals as the the world s chief perpetrators of terrorist attacks, with 1,093 individual attacks, reported U.S. State Department.Nevertheless, U.S. troops are still banned from offensively attacking the Taliban. American forces can only attack from a position of defense.- Breitbart",0
19059,VAN JONES Guarantees 8 Years Of President Trump: “That Was One Of The Most Extraordinary Moments In American Politics You Have Ever Seen…Period” [VIDEO],"Van Jones praised President Trump for honoring the widow of a Navy SEAL killed during a raid in Yemen, saying  he became president of the United States in that moment. Period. There are a lot of people who have a lot of reason to be frustrated with him, to be fearful of him, to be mad of him, but that was one of the most extraordinary moments you have ever seen in American politics period,  Jones said on CNN.Jones, a liberal commentator who frequently criticizes Trump, said the president did something  extraordinary. Watch:.@VanJones68 on Trump's emotional moment: If he finds a way to keep doing that, ""he's going to be there for 8 years"" https://t.co/sWVszYjiuj  CNN (@CNN) March 1, 2017During his address Tuesday night to Congress, Trump said the nation will never forget the sacrifice of Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William  Ryan  Owens. Ryan s legacy is etched into eternity,  Trump said, to another standing ovation during which Carryn Owens, the widow of the SEAL, also stood to applaud.The applause break was one of the longest and most bipartisan of the night, and prompted Trump to ad-lib:  Ryan is looking down right now, and he s very happy because I think he just broke a record.   The Hill ",0
19060,"HILLARY VOLUNTEER, Obama Supporter Mocks Ryan Owens’ Widow Carryn For “Standing there and clapping like an idiot”","Speaking of not having a soul..check out this tweet by Hillary volunteer and Obama supporter (Dan Grilo made all of his tweets private, but unfortunately for Dan the Democrat, we took a screen shot):Here s Dan Grilo s Twitter profile. Such a nice Democrat If Democrats keep carrying on with this type of hateful messaging, they ll never see another member of their party holding a pubic office again. ",0
19061,BARACK AND MICHELLE Reportedly Offered $60 MILLION For Memoirs…Wait Till You See Our Exclusive Sneak Peek,"It was just announced today that the Obama s are in the middle of a bidding war by publishers for their memoirs.The rights for Barack and Michelle Obama s memoirs will sell for at least $60 million, according to a report from the Financial Times.The eventual total price tag will include a book from both the former President and First Lady. The couple plans to write their memoirs separately, but sell the rights of their finished accounts together as a package, according to the Financial Times report. Penguin Random House, who published former President Obama s three other books, reportedly leads the chase, but HarperCollins, Simon & Schuster and Macmillan are also in the hunt, according to the Financial Times.  TimeHere s our sneak peek at the Obama s memoirs. The good news is they won t need much ink or paper. This pretty much sums it up:",0
19062,"HEARTLESS DEMOCRATS Invite Illegals To Taunt Trump During Policy Speech While Trump’s Guests, Parents Of Children Murdered By Illegal Aliens, Endure Their Hate","Jessica Davis (right) and Susan Oliver (left) (pictured above) are the widows of two Northern California sheriff s deputies who were shot to death in 2014 by a convicted felon who had twice been deported to Mexico.Luis Enrique Monroy Bracamontes tried to plead guilty to the murders of Sacramento County Sheriff s Deputy Danny Oliver and Placer County Sheriff s Deputy Michael Davis Jr. but was ordered to stand trial in October.Jamiel Shaw Sr., the father of a Los Angeles teen who was killed by a gang member who was in the country illegally, will also attend and sit with First Lady Melania Trump. Shaw s son, a standout football player, was shot by Pedro Espinoza as he walked home. Espinoza was sentenced to death in 2012.Shaw strongly supported Trump during the election, speaking during the Republican National Convention and appearing with Trump at a rally in Costa Mesa. SHAW SPEAKING AT THE REPUBLICAN CONVENTION:The other guests invited by the president to the speech are Maureen McCarthy Scalia, the widow of the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia; Megan Crowley, a young woman who was expected to die within a few years of being born; and Kenisha Merriweather, a low-income African-American woman who struggled in school before attending private school on scholarship and becoming the first person in her family to graduate high school and college.   LA Times ",0
19063,"MICHIGAN City With First MUSLIM-MAJORITY City Council In America Announces “Safe Haven” For Refugees, Immigrants In Schools","It s good to know that illegal aliens, potential terrorists and their families have a place they can go to and feel  safe  from law enforcement in Hamtramck, MI As a MI resident, I feel  safer  already Hamtramck, MI Public Schools will provide  community resources  and  access to legal services  for any families negatively impacted by President Trump s policies, according to a statement published in a Detroit newspaper. All Hamtramck schools are safe havens with a commitment to help all immigrant families connect with the needed resources to avoid deportation,  Superintendent Thomas Niczay told the Detroit News.Hamtramck passed a resolution with the  safe haven  designation in January, before Trump even took office. As a board and a school district, we thought ahead and wanted to have a resolution in place to make our community know that whatever happens after January, Hamtramck Public Schools will be home away from home for their children,  Hamtramck school board secretary Salah Hadwan, whose family emigrated from Yemen, told the News.Hamtramck achieved notoriety in November 2015 when it elected the nation s first Muslim-majority city council, after which it took on the name of  Shariahville  among some Michiganians who saw the town as an example of what they didn t want their cities to become.Hamtramck also became one of the first cities to allow a mosque to broadcast the Islamic call to prayer over loudspeakers in 2004, leading many ethnic Polish residents to move out of the city and head for the suburbs.  WND ",0
19064,BUSTED! OHIO ATTORNEY GENERAL DISCOVERS ILLEGAL ALIEN VOTERS…Calls For Full Investigation [Video],"Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted announced an investigation has uncovered that hundreds of non-US citizens are registered to vote in the state, and dozens of them voted illegally.According to a release from Husted, 385 people who are not citizens of the United States are registered to vote in Ohio. Out of those, 82 voted in at least one election in the last year.19 of the 82 non-citizens voted in the central Ohio area. 14 of those were in Franklin County, 2 were in Delaware County and 1 each in Fairfield, Licking and Union Counties.The 303 registered voters identified as non-citizens who have not cast a ballot will be sent letters both informing them that non-citizens are not eligible to vote and requesting that they cancel their registration. A follow-up letter will be sent to any individuals that still remain on the rolls after 30 days. Any non-citizens identified that remain on the rolls after being contacted twice will then be referred to law enforcement, according to Husted. CNN S CHRIS CUOMO INTERVIEWED HUSTED   IT WAS A PRETTY FAIR INTERVIEW UNTIL THE END WHEN THEY BROUGHT UP RUSSIA! Note how Husted speaks about how they need further access to reveal even more illegal voting. They need Social Security info from the feds:https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=309&v=iDhY9CP_SGoRead more: nbc4i",0
19065,PRESIDENT TRUMP: Nancy Pelosi Is Helping To Eliminate Democrat Party…”I think she’s incompetent” [VIDEO],"In a sit-down interview with Fox and Friends, Brian Kilmeade asked President Trump what he thought of Nancy Pelosi s comments yesterday on the cusp of his first major speech tonight. Kilmeade told Trump that Pelosi said,  Basically he s done nothing.   President Trump responded,  Well I ve been watching Nancy s statements and I think she s incompetent actually, you know, if you look at what s going on with uh, the Democrats and the party, it s getting smaller and smaller. We re soon going to have a one-party system. I actually think a two-party system is healthy and good. She s done a terrible job and I don t think she s a good spokesman. ""I think she's incompetent, actually, you know, if you look at what's going on with the Democrats and the party.""  @POTUS on Nancy Pelosi pic.twitter.com/AtLD3Enayk  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) February 28, 2017",0
19066,"FULL INTERVIEW: PRESIDENT TRUMP Nails It On Immigration, Obamacare, US Military, Jobs And “Incompetent” Nancy Pelosi [Video]",https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNPX8ZCIfc0&t=26s,0
19067,ILLEGAL ALIEN PROTESTERS Yell at Police for Not Shutting Down Pro-Trump Protesters [Video], ,0
19068,"LEAKED TAPE Exposes George Soros, Obama GROUP Planning To Infiltrate, DISRUPT Republican Town Hall Meetings, DEMAND Media Attention","James Proctor has been identified as the ringleader in the  radical group  Indivisible,  who can be heard directing the fake protesters on how to disrupt GOP town halls. In the audio, he can be heard giving the (likely paid) actors a few last minute tips before heading out:  Dress conservatively, behave conservatively, right? Look and dress like students, dress like housewife wear a suit and tie Any signifier that you re a liberal leave it. The recordings have been authenticated by KPEL News. James Proctor, who can be heard speaking in the recording, says he does live in the Acadiana area. Proctor says some of his comments were taken out of context as the published recording is only a portion of the hour and a half long meeting. He works with the group Indivisible Guide. The groups name can be heard on the recording of the meeting. Indivisible,  the George Soros spinoff outfit which is, along with Barack Obama s Organizing For America, collaborating to salt the town halls of Republican members of Congress with activists and agitators seeking to disrupt those town halls and make those members look bad on TV. This outfit scored a  win  of sorts on Bill Cassidy at his gathering in Metairie yesterday, packing the room with people who berated the senator with boos, uncivil questions and unhinged hectoring.Here s what Hillary had to say about Americans who were sickened by the organized protesters showing up at town hall meetings: If you can't stand the heat, get out of the Congress.https://t.co/TEAXDPEPrt  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 22, 2017Watch the shameful local news media giving these organized freaks media coverage, as though they were legitimate citizens who were just randomly attending Bill Cassidy s town hall meeting. During the town hall meeting, organized protesters screamed at the pastor who was opening the meeting with a prayer to,  pray on your own time!  They also interrupted the pledge of allegiance. This reporter not only ignored both of those disgusting acts, she also goes to great lengths to discredit any idea that these people were organized. She even went as far as to attempt to make the viewers believe that some of these like minded people could have found out about this town hall meeting on a Facebook page:We, and other conservative media organizations in the state, received audio from someone   let s call him a concerned citizen   who sat in on an Indivisible meeting in Lafayette earlier this week wherein plans were being made to do the same thing to Cassidy tomorrow morning in Breaux Bridge. Moon Griffon spliced a number of the audio cuts together into one clip of highlights from that meeting, and it s worth a listen   The HayrideWe promise, this is NOT your grandma s Tea Party. Here s the leaked audio:What s not included in the Moon Griffon audio is this fun clip of the Indivisible people proposing to coordinate with Gov. John Bel Edwards  office, which begs the question whether that proposal was made and/or responded to. Edwards, one might imagine, has enough trouble with Cassidy without being responsible for sending agitators into Cassidy s town halls:Here s the reaction of the Pastor and Louisiana Senator Bill Cassidy after organized protesters trashed his town hall meeting: https://youtu.be/8q1WK3HENgE",0
19069,Unreal! CNN Anchor Claims Trump Has Committed “Treason”…Former Attorney General Shoots Back: “Where is the crime?” [Video], ,0
19070,LIBS ON TWITTER Go Nuts Over Kellyanne Conway’s Shoes On Couch In Oval Office…They Probably Forgot These Obama Pics…Or What Bill Clinton Did In The Oval Office,"Liberals on Twitter just can t find enough reasons to hate Trump or anyone connected to him. Tonight, libs went nuts over a picture that was taken of Kellyanne Conway in the Oval Office as she positioned herself on a couch (gasp with her shoes still on) while taking a group picture, as President Trump met with the leaders of the nation s historically black colleges and universities. Hmmm .maybe the anger wasn t really about Conway s shoes after all. Maybe the outrage is really more about the idea that President Trump met with a large group of prominent black leaders in the oval office. They couldn t attack the black leaders, so why not attack one of the most accomplished women in America?Things must be slow at the liberal rag Buzzfeed, as their DEPUTY NEWS DIRECTOR took to Twitter over his concern for Kellyanne Conway wearing her shoes while kneeling on the couch in the Oval Office:Shoes on the couch in the Oval Office pic.twitter.com/h2MXUocEar  Jon Passantino (@passantino) February 28, 2017And this from a Chicago Tribune columnist:I have so many questions about this photo, but chief among them is why nobody is telling Kellyanne Conway to get her damn feet off the couch pic.twitter.com/tU0CBS36Fe  Rex Huppke (@RexHuppke) February 28, 2017Here s our response to this clever tweeter who attempted to  imagine  if Hillary Clinton actually put her shoes up on the couch in the Oval Office. Yeah, never mind that whole Monica Lewinsky thing with Bill in the Oval Office. Kellyanne s shoes on the couch is much worse than  Hillary s husband committing sex acts with a 19 year old intern in the Oval Office. LOL!You've clearly forgotten what @HillaryClinton's husband did in the Oval Office.He turned it into cheap motel for 19 yr old interns  100% FED UP! (@100PercFEDUP) February 28, 2017You d think a Motherboard climate change freak reporter would be using every waking moment to cover the changes Trump s EPA is about to implement but no, this reporter is consumed with Kellyanne Conway s shoes on the couch, suggesting she  may even need therapy . We could ve told you that before you tweeted! LOL i have to go to therapy after seeing the kellyanne conway shoes on the couch pic  Sarah Emerson (@SarahNEmerson) February 28, 2017Here s a screen shot of liberal Kaivan Sheriff s post. He blocked us on Twitter, so we had to settle for an image of his tweet. Apparently he feels threatened by two moms who tweet about real news Here are just a few examples of Obama doing much worse. Yeah, okay libs wanna talk about disrespecting the Oval Office?    We saved the best one for last:People ""outraged"" at Kellyanne Conway putting her feet on a couch so she can take a photo, but  pic.twitter.com/6IW5Iv31qW  Paul Sacca (@Paul_Sacca) February 28, 2017https://twitter.com/PolitiBunny/status/836409990915162112",0
19071,SABO…The Most BADASS CONSERVATIVE ARTIST In America Will Be On Tucker Carlson Tonight…Why You Don’t Want To Miss It! [VIDEO],"Hardcore, unconventional, conservative and badass artist  Sabo  has been taking his message to the streets for several years. I had a lengthy phone conversation with him last year and after I hung up the phone, I had the same kind of feeling I had after meeting Andrew Breitbart. Like Andrew Breitbart, Sabo s not fighting a conventional war against the left, he s studied them, he knows the dirty tactics they use to win and he s determined to beat them at their own game, even if it means shocking a few Americans along the way. Sabo never got to meet Andrew Breitbart, but always wanted to, as he recalls here:Now a thing about me was I d spent a good three years trying to get sober. In that time I did everything I could to stay the hell away from politics. It was the most peaceful three years of my life. Unfortunately during those three years guys like Glenn Beck and Andrew Breitbart were really picking up steam. So, because of my absence from the political scene I didn t really know much about them. And what little I did know about Glenn Beck I didn t really like. I remember friends would try turning me on to him but I wasn t into his delivery, too loud, too passionate. Not my deal. Sadly Andrew passed away about the time I decided to get back into the political fray. I never had the privilege to meet him. Everyone says we d of really gotten along. I did however get to meet his crew and they were all stand up people.Glenn Beck interviewed Sabo in 2015 when he was still keeping his face hidden from the public:  One of Sabo s most popular pieces of work was his badass representation of Ted Cruz who he wholeheartedly supported for President.During the campaign, Sabo came after Hillary and Bernie Sanders pretty hard. He focused on plastering his hard-hitting posters in areas where fundraisers or events for Bernie or Hillary were taking place. Sabo wanted to make sure the American public saw Hillary as he saw Hillary:It took him a while to come around to Donald Trump, but eventually he did.Sabo s controversial artwork can be found on posters, t-shirts and bumper stickers at his online store: unsavoryagents.com Here s a video of Sabo replacing a sign in a park bench in LA with his own unique printed message. Notice the guy smoking a crack pipe on the bench the entire time.In 2014, Sabo got a little visit from the Secret Service over his  controversial  posts on Twitter. He certainly didn t handle the interview in the way most Americans would have.:Sabo will be on FOX News  Tucker Carlson show tonight at 9 pm EST. He ll likely discuss the artwork that he plastered all over LA in advance of the Oscars last night.Here are a few of the posters liberal actors found when they arrived on the red carpet.   We can promise you one thing it won t be an interview you ll want to miss ",0
19072,SHERIFFS SAY They Won’t Allow Officers To Help Feds Enforce Immigration Laws…Judge Jeanine OBLITERATES Them: “You’re too damn dumb to be in law enforcement” [VIDEO],"Two law enforcement officials from the Utah resort area of Park City drew cheers from a large crowd with their promises not to let officers help federal immigration officials apprehend people living in the U.S. without proper documents.Summit County Sheriff Justin Martinez and Park City Police Chief Wade Carpenter told about 300 people Thursday in Summitville that they won t agree to deputize officers to carry out federal operations, the Deseret News reported.Carpenter said he was assured the arrests were not part of a sweep of undocumented immigrants, but an effort by federal agents to arrest  specified individuals  with felony criminal histories or who have re-entered the United States illegally after being deported.Martinez and Carpenter referred to a federal immigration law that provides for state employees or agencies to help in  the investigation, apprehension, or detention of aliens in the United States. I will not be doing that as a sheriff,  Martinez said to loud applause.  This is a federal immigration issue, and therefore I will not be participating in that (and be) deputized.   Idaho State Journal If you re a cop working in a sanctuary jurisdiction, then you re being directed by left-wing liberal progressive mayors and governors to protect illegal criminals, who not only violated our laws in coming here, but in addition, committed crimes while here. Your e being told not to share information about illegal criminals and not honor federal ICE detainers. So, you ve got a decision to make and if this is a tough one for you, and if you can t figure out what your sworn obligation is then get the HELL out of law enforcement! Why would you treat an illegal criminal different than an American criminal? Hell..maybe law abiding states should clear out their prisons and send their own criminals to sanctuary states, since their open to taking other countries criminals. The least they can do is take ours. Can t you see you re being used in a political tug-of-war?  If this is a tough one for you, and you re going to start listening to the ACLU or some liberal mayor who doesn t give a damn about you, your contract, or your oath;  directing that you release the wanted criminal out the side door, then maybe you should re-think this whole thing and go into social work You re too damn dumb to be in law enforcement!   Every one of you in law enforcement who bought into this liberal nonsense has blood on their hands. If you release the criminal, you guarantee a fellow officer or agent will be in harms way when they go out to find that criminal! WATCH:",0
19073,SERIOUSLY? PRO-ILLEGAL ALIEN Supporters Demand Cops Explain Why They Can’t Physically Attack Trump Supporters [VIDEO],"The video begins with a clearly agitated pro-illegal alien female approaching Trump supporters. After a few of the agitators who were part of her group began to act in a hostile and threatening manner, police officers stepped in to form a barrier between the groups. The human barrier they formed was clearly not okay with the agitators who were looking to use physical force to shut up and shut down their opponents. Shortly after the police officer explained that the Trump supporters had a permit (which means nothing to people who have no regard for the law and are actually protesting on behalf of lawbreakers), another man who appears to be Hispanic, wearing a hoodie began to aggressively approach the crowd. We re not sure if these people were being paid to threaten the pro-Trump supporters or if they just happened to be angry supporters of illegal aliens, and were in the area.The Hispanic man on the pro-Trump side in the background, who was holding a  Deport Illegals  sign can be heard telling the pro-illegal agitators that he s  a legal American citizen  and he stands by President Trump. He hilariously follows up his comment with,  Homies for Trump.  The same man can be seen last night at a pro-Trump rally on Hollywood Blvd. prior to the Oscar Award ceremony in the video below where things did actually get violent and one obnoxious anti-Trump agitator got a surprise right hook from a pro-Trump woman after she was assaulted.Watch:Watch the video of the chaos that took place last night on Hollywood Blvd in Los Angeles just prior to the Oscar Award ceremony. The legal Hispanic American seen in the video above is also present at this rally:",0
19074,THE LAW OF UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES: How Strong Arm Tactics By ANTI-CAPITALIST LEFT Could Destroy Millions Of American Jobs,"The fast food industry has been warning those demanding a $15/hr. wage that they could be easily replaced.In the social sciences, unintended consequences (sometimes unanticipated consequences or unforeseen consequences) are outcomes that are not the ones foreseen and intended by a purposeful action. The term was popularised in the twentieth century by American sociologist Robert K. Merton. It s cheaper to buy a $35,000 robotic arm than it is to hire an employee who s inefficient making $15 an hour bagging french fries,  former McDonald s USA CEO Ed Rensi said in an interview on Tuesday on the Fox Business Network s  Mornings with Maria.   It s nonsense and it s very destructive and it s inflationary and it s going to cause a job loss across this country like you re not going to believe. According to Rensi, rising labor costs are forcing chains to cut entry-level jobs and replace workers with machines. Currently, Wendy s, McDonald s, and Panera are rolling out kiosks across the US, in part because of the rising cost of labor.  Business InsiderAccording to statista.com, in 2016, there were over 3.7 million people in the US who were employed in the fast food industry. When those jobs go away, where will these workers go for employment? Will they be forced to do the jobs that  only the illegal aliens will do? Wendy s just announced their plans to install self-ordering kiosks at about 1,000 locations by the end of the year.A typical location would have three kiosks, The Columbus Dispatch reported. Higher-volume restaurants will be given priority for the kiosks.Wendy s chief information officer, David Trimm, said the kiosks are intended to appeal to younger customers and reduce labor costs. Kiosks also allow customers of the fast food giant to circumvent long lines during peak dining hours while increasing kitchen production.Trim estimates the company will see a return on its investment in less than two years. They are looking to improve their automation and their labor costs, and this is a good way to do it,  said Darren Tristano, vice president with Technomic, a food-service research and consulting firm.  They are also trying to enhance the customer experience. Younger customers prefer to use a kiosk. Customers will still be able to order at the counter for now, although Tristan predicts that mobile ordering and payment via smartphones will one day overtake self-ordering kiosks and cash registers.   Weasel Zippers, WMUR",0
19075,OSCAR DISASTER: Wrong Best Picture Announced After Night Of Boring Political Speeches…Is The Death of Awards Shows Near? We Hope So! [Video],Could this be a little bit of KARMA coming back after the nasty comments about President Trump?,0
19076,HOLLYWOOD DIRECTOR TRIED To Make Political Statement By Wearing Dress From “Majority Muslim Nation” To #Oscars…So We Suggested A More Sharia Compliant Gown,"But that s another story Make a sub-standard movie win sub-standard prizes.Moving on to 2017  Who has time to worry about slights against black actors or directors this year, it s TRASH TRUMP time, and regardless of FACTS (like uh the FACT that Obama and his DHS actually created the list of  Muslim Majority  countries who Trump used in his temporary ban) DuVernay showed up wearing a dress she claims was made in a  majority Muslim  country. How very progressive   A small sign of solidarity. I chose to wear a gown by a designer from a majority Muslim country. Thanks to @AshiStudio of Lebanon. #Oscars pic.twitter.com/CbEkK7rCpG  Ava DuVernay (@ava) February 27, 2017Here s our response to her on Twitter:If you re going to attempt to represent how women REALLY look in Muslim majority nations, we re happy to provide you with a few actual pictures. We re just two moms with teenage daughters who want to see our girls grow up in a Sharia-free zone. So while you re out at the Academy s pretending there s something glamorous about being a woman in a majority Muslim nation, you might want to consider what you re promoting. Here s a few more photos of women s fashion in majority Muslim nations just for fun:  So next time you re going to wear a dress that represents Muslim women from majority Muslim nations, maybe you should remember the burka You don t want to be caught dead without one in Yemen or something like that. ",0
19077,HYSTERICAL! JESSE WATTERS Busts The Idiotic “White Privilege” Trend On Campus: “I don’t necessarily feel it” [Video], ,0
19078,HOLLYWOOD BLVD: PRO-TRUMP #Oscar Rally Gets Ugly When Punches Start Flying…Trump Hating Female Picks On WRONG Woman! [VIDEO],"Dozens of supporters of US President Donald Trump rallied on the Hollywood Boulevard in Los Angeles, Saturday, a day ahead of the Academy Awards ceremony, in order to defend the president and protect his star on the Walk of Fame.One arrest was made after clashes erupted as some by-passers confronted the protesters, breaking one of their placards. Protesters campaigned for Trump to build the wall at the southern US border with Mexico and displayed signs such as  Mexicans for Trump,   California for Trump  and  women for Trump. Watch:The organizer of the rally Matthew Woods stressed that Trump supporters are  boycotting many actors and film directors who have an anti-America agenda. A few of the pro-Trump supporters who were present at the rally explained why they supported him: I m Latino and I say,  build that wall.  These illegal immigrants. I actually have a friend whose son was killed by an illegal immigrant. They re losing and it s the price they re going to pay. They re losing support of the arts and the films. We re boycotting many actors and film that have an anti-American agenda, a globalist agenda or an anti-Trump agenda. ",0
19079,ACTOR JAMES WOODS SHARES Hair-Raising Video That Shows Real Reason President Trump Refuses To Share In Angela Merkel’s Horrific Legacy,"#MerkelLegacy pic.twitter.com/wBh5Cjj2IW  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) February 24, 2017In August 2016, Angela Merkel defended her  open-borders  policy: Aug. 23, 2016   ANGELA Merkel has defended her open-door immigration policy claiming it was a  humanitarian duty  to let in almost two million migrants last year.However, the German Chancellor admitted some areas of her immigration stance could be improved following a U-turn in public opinion against refugees.This was sparked in part by the Cologne sex attack, carried out by migrant gangs on thousands of women, and a string of recent terror attacks where the attacker was an asylum seeker.Nearly a year on from when Germany s borders were opened, Mrs Merkel still defended the controversial decision but identified certain areas where change was needed.Faced with international criticism, she claimed the open-door policy was  necessary and right .On September 4, 2016 Angela Merkel s party CDU party was soundly defeated by the anti-migrant AfD party in the German state election. Merkel assumed some of the blame for her reckless immigration policy, but still defended  her position.On September 19, 2016, Merkel admitted for first time she may have blundered over the migration crisis in the wake of another bitter poll drubbing.The German Chancellor admitted she was  unprepared  for last year s one million strong migrant influx. If I could, I would go back in time to be better prepared for the refugee crisis in 2015, for which we were rather unprepared. So why are the mainstream media sources ignoring what is really happening to countries like Germany, Sweden, Austria, Italy, Hungary, Greece, France and the UK? Why are they not reporting the truth about the damage this invasion of refugees has done to their culture, to crime rates (specifically rape and sexual assaults) in their communities and to their welfare systems?Watch this eye-opening interview with filmmaker Ami Horowitz as he explains to FOX News  Tucker Carlson what he found when he traveled to  open-borders  Sweden to make a documentary on the effects of the invasion of refugees:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aVs2u-R1Mk",0
19080,BREITBART’S JOEL POLLACK Brilliantly Shuts Down “The View” Lunatics [Video],"Watch Joy Behar as she hilariously attempts to tie  anti-semitism  to Breitbart News while interviewing their senior editor who happens to be an orthodox Jew. When Behar s attempt to prove that Breitbart is an anti-semitic news site, her leftist co-host Sunny Holstein attempts to pin racism and anti-semitism on Breitbart s former boss Steve Bannon. When that didn t work, Joy Behar attempts to say that  it doesn t look like  Steve Bannon and Reince Priebus get along because of the their body language. When Pollack dispels their ridiculous attempts to convince their viewers that Trump s top officials in his administration don t get along, Behar just resorts to  the behavior one would expect from a 3 year old and calls President Trump a  liar .You almost have to feel sorry for these unhinged rabidly leftist hags almost.",0
19081,MAJOR COSMETIC Company Announces Plans To Release ANTI-TRUMP Hair Product…#BOYCOTT,"Cosmetics brand Lush, popular among young girls and hipsters for their  bath bombs,  is launching a new anti-President Trump hair care product.According to Cosmopolitan, Lush announced plans to release a hair treatment called  Yuge,  a play on the way Trump pronounces the word  huge,  alongside an  orange faced, tiny-handed man  at their 2017 Lush Summit.The  Yuge  product is reportedly a hot oil treatment that will  add volume and softness to your hair.  Cosmopolitan notes the product is not currently available as it is being tested on humans in the U.K. (Lush opposes animal testing).Here is an excerpt from the article that appears on Lush s homepage:The United States is in the midst of a trying political and social time that is being felt throughout North America and the world. Intolerance, hostility, racism and fear have been pushed to the forefront and emotions are running high. Because of this divisiveness, it s now more important than ever to stand up for inclusivity, compassion and respect for all people.Lush has always been, and will always be, a safe space for everyone regardless of immigration status, gender, race, age, sexual orientation, religion or political affiliation. We love and encourage individuality, and our employees and customers are as diverse as the products we create. That s what makes the Lush community so special.Lush s  Welcome Refugees  statement encourages people to share the hashtags #refugeeswelcome and #nobannowall and to visit the website for the International Rescue Committee to  take action. Lush s political stances haven t always been explicit through statements on their website. This Valentine s Day, Lush featured photos of same-sex couples in baths throughout their website.-MRCTV ",0
19082,UNPRECEDENTED: New York Times To Run 30 Sec Ad During Oscars…Bashing Trump…Defending FAKE News [VIDEO],"The New York Times is set to launch a television ad during the Academy Awards that seems to heavily target statements made by President Donald Trump.The 30-second ad, entitled,  The Truth,  features black text flashing on a white screen with the words  The truth is,  followed by a variety of statements.According to a report in The Hill, at least three of the statements were in reference to Trump. The truth is the media is dishonest,  reads one statement, a likely reference to Trump s frequent comments slamming the media s honesty.Here s another statement from the ad:  The truth is alternative facts are lies.  That one s an obvious reference to a comment made by Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway.The ad runs through a series of other phrases, some targeting conservative talking points such as  we have to protect our borders,   the emails are dangerous,  and  climate change is a hoax. The ad finishes up with the phrase  The truth is hard to find,  which then switches to  The truth is hard to know,  and finally concludes with  The truth is more important now than never.   MRCTVThat final phrase is pretty clearly seen as a parting shot at the Trump administration s relationship with the press:Recently the Times featured an article touting the  renewed sense of mission  for journalists in the Trump era looking to take down the Republican president by uncovering a Watergate-style scandal.The New York paper is not alone in its pretentious claims of being the guardian of truth, on Tuesday, The Washington Post added this slogan to its website:  Democracy dies in darkness.  Apparently only the light of the Post s reporting can save the nation from the  darkness  of a Trump presidency.Just on Sunday, White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus was forced to shoot down yet another misleading report from the Times about supposed contact between the Trump campaign and Russian intelligence officials. On NBC s Meet the Press, he told moderator Chuck Todd:I mean we ve spent days talking about a story that says that our campaign had constant contacts with Russian spies. And I can tell you, I ve talked to the top levels of the intelligence community. And they ve assured me that that New York Times story was grossly overstated, and inaccurate and totally wrong .It is this sort of fake news stuff that is enormously important that, when you get a front page story of The New York Times without a single source on the record saying that your campaign had constant contacts   they didn t say one contact. They didn t say two contacts. It doesn t matter. We have not been informed of even that. But to say,  Constant contact? On Friday, NBC s Today was thrilled by the upcoming Times television spot, with reporter Joe Fryer declaring:  No matter who wins, politics will likely take the stage Sunday .The New York Times will even debut its first-ever Oscars ad, with the message,  The truth is more important than ever.  A sign that with millions watching, Hollywood s biggest night could become its most political. ",0
19083,WOW! TUCKER AND JESSE Destroy The Liberal Kooks Protesting Trump [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4LjxrOfEF8,0
19084,LOL! DEMOCRATS Express Concerns Over Possible Cheating By Democrats In DNC Chair Vote,"A progressive group charged Saturday that the Democratic National Committee s reliance on paper ballots in the race for DNC chair raises questions of transparency, tainting the process.The DNC had planned on using both an electronic system, as well as paper ballots, but switched gears minutes before the vote when interim Chair Donna Brazille announced they would rely on the ballots in part because of concerns over spotty internet service.Now there s a party member you can trust the former interim chair Donna Brazille, who secretly passed CNN s debate questions to Hillary Adam Green, co-founder of the Progressive Change Committee, pointed to reports that said some DNC members are concerned over blowback they could receive from the Bernie Sanders-aligned forces that are supporting Rep. Keith Ellison if their support for former Labor Secretary Tom Perez became public. Paper ballots instead of visible and accountable voting is something that Debbie Wasserman Shultz would be proud of,  Mr. Green said on Twitter, alluding to the former chair, who resigned after hacked emails showed DNC members were biased against Mr. Sanders in the 2016 primary race.The group also highlighted a DNC rule that said  secret ballots are not permitted  and the results should be shared with the candidate or their campaign in the case that the contest goes beyond the first ballot.  Washington Times",0
19085,"INDIAN-AMERICAN, Inventor Of Email Announces Run Against FAKE INDIAN, Radical Politician Elizabeth Warren For US Senate Seat","Boston-based entrepreneur and inventor of Email V.A. Shiva Ayyadurai announced his candidacy for the US Senate seat currently occupied by Elizabeth Warren.Today, ShivaRatri, when Light overcame Darkness, we launched my campaign for US SENATE against @SenWarren. Defend the American Dream!  Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai (@va_shiva) February 25, 2017Ayyadurai is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and is best known for his claim to have invented email.V.A. Shiva Ayyadurai, an Indian-American, will take on the only fake Indian in the US Senate, Elizabeth Warren.Shiva announced his candidacy last night at a private event hosted by Mike Cernovich and Jeff Giesea in suburban Maryland.Folks, THIS is the guy who is going to beat @SenWarren. He is the REAL Indian. @va_shiva. @Cernovich #BullMoose pic.twitter.com/6z5BdWpkPY  Lynni Megginson (@LynniMegginson) February 25, 2017Elizabeth Warren lied to jump over other candidates and land a position at Harvard. Elizabeth Warren was listed as the Harvard Law s  first woman of color  in 1997 law review piece on diversity and affirmative action!Elizabeth Warren pushed back hard on questions about a Harvard Crimson piece in 1996 that described her as Native American, saying she had no idea the school where she taught law was billing her that way and saying it never came up during her hiring a year earlier, which others have backed up.But a 1997 Fordham Law Review piece described her as Harvard Law School s  first woman of color,  based, according to the notes at the bottom of the story, on a  telephone interview with Michael Chmura, News Director, Harvard Law (Aug. 6, 1996). Warren was listed as a  woman of color  in the 1993 Harvard student journal.  GPTime to take fight right into the belly of the beast in MA, the epi-center of Fake News, Fake History & Fake Science! @nntaleb @Cernovich  Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai (@va_shiva) February 25, 2017Honored to be with REAL patriots #BullMoose who are uniting as one force to bring Truth and Freedom, exposing the Fake News! @Cernovich  Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai (@va_shiva) February 25, 2017He s the inventor of email and polymath, holds four degrees from MIT, is a world-renowned systems scientist, inventor and entrepreneur.His love of medicine and complex systems began in India when he became intrigued with medicine at the age of five as he observed his grandmother, a farmer and healer in the small village of Muhavur in South India, apply Siddha, India s oldest system of traditional medicine, to heal and support local villagers. These early experiences inspired him to pursue the study of modern systems science, information technology and eastern and traditional systems of medicine to develop an integrative framework linking eastern and western systems of medicine.In 1978, as a precocious 14-year-old, after completing a special program in computer science at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Science at NYU, Ayyadurai was recruited by the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey (UMDNJ) as a Research Fellow, where he developed the first electronic emulation of the entire interoffice mail system (Inbox, Outbox, Folders, Address Book, Memo, etc.), which he named  EMAIL,  to invent the world s first email system, resulting in him being awarded the first United States Copyright for Email, Computer Program for Electronic Mail System, at a time when Copyright was the only protection for software inventions.Ayyadurai went on to receive four degrees from MIT, including a bachelors in electrical engineering and computer science, and a dual master s degree in mechanical engineering and visual studies from the MIT Media Laboratory.",0
19086,WOW! BARBARA BUSH Will Be Keynote Speaker For Baby-Killing Planned Parenthood Fundraiser,"Her father is a staunch supporter of life. Although her mother was not vocal about it during her conservative husband George W. Bush s presidency, Laura Bush was an advocate of abortion and of homosexual marriage. Here she is two years after leaving the White House expressing her liberal views to Larry King:Their daughter Barbara Pierce Bush was a vocal supporter of gay marriage. She also supported Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election. Although it s probably a huge slap in the face to her father,  Barbara Pierce Bush plans to help Planned Parenthood, the federally funded (for now) baby killing business to raise money at an upcoming fundraiser. Barbara Pierce Bush, the daughter of former President George W. Bush, will headline a Planned Parenthood fundraiser next week in Texas, according to a report from the Texas Tribune.Bush is expected to be the keynote speaker at the Planned Parenthood of Greater Texas s annual Fort Worth fundraising luncheon.President Bush pushed for anti-abortion policies during his time in the White House, but his wife Laura Bush has supported legal abortion in the past.The announcement comes amid the continuing debate over federal funding for Planned Parenthood, which provides a variety of reproductive health services to women, including abortions.Barbara Bush is the CEO and co-founder of Global Health Corps and called Planned Parenthood an  exceptional organization  last year in an interview with the New York Times. Bush also attended an event for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton in Paris.   The Hill",0
19087,BRITISH COLUMNIST KATIE HOPKINS Has BRUTAL Reaction To “Trans” H.S. Student Beating Girls In Wrestling Matches [VIDEO],"Mack Beggs, the transgender wrestler from Euless Trinity High School, is halfway home to capturing the Class 6A state girls wrestling championship in the 110-pound weight class.Beggs dismantled two opponents on Friday s opening day, earning a major decision over League City Clear Spring s Taylor Latham 18-7 and then improving his season record to 54-0 with a major decision over Mya Engert of Amarillo Tascosa 12-4.Both of Beggs  opponents managed to avoid being pinned, but neither provided enough resistance to make the match close at the UIL Wrestling State Tournament.Beggs advanced to Saturday s 10:30 a.m. semifinal against area rival Kailyn Clay of Grand Prairie. Beggs defeated Clay in the semifinals of last week s regional tournament in Allen.For the most part, Friday s action was routine despite the sudden swirling controversy around Beggs, whose gender transition from female to male became a news story after the regional tournament.At the regional tournament, two wrestlers forfeited rather than grapple with Beggs. One, Coppell s Madeline Rocha, who had already qualified for state, lost her opening-round match Friday in Cypress.After losing to Beggs, who has has been on testosterone treatments since October 2015, Engert left the mat in tears and her coach tersely declined an interview request for her wrestler. Many of the coaches have said they re not upset at Beggs, but just the predicament of their girls having to wrestle against an athlete on testosterone.Conservative British actress and talk radio host Katie Hopkins is not one to shy away from a controversy. After reading about a  trans  high school student who takes regular testosterone treatments, beating non-testosterone enhanced females, she tweeted this brutal response:You want to be a boy. And are still prepared to fight girls. Forgive me if I don't applaud. Nasty narcissist. https://t.co/feLK1YqPuO  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) February 25, 2017Watch the video of  trans  student Mac Beggs wrestling a non-enhanced female student:But at least one wrestling parent, Patti Overstreet, yelled  cheater  at Beggs. Look at how beefed up she is,  Overstreet said.  It s because she s taking an enhancement. Whether she s a boy, girl, wants to be purple or blue it doesn t matter. When you re using a drug and you re 10 times stronger than the person you re wrestling because of that drug, that shouldn t be allowed. One athletic director watching the action, who asked for his name not to be used because of the sensitivity of the issue, said he believes  there is cause for concern because of the testosterone,  adding,  I think there is a benefit.  Star Telegram",0
19088,"THIS IS OKAY? Loudmouth Entertainer Who Got Milo Kicked Off Twitter: “If I see another 45-year-old white woman from Williamsburg saying ‘black lives matter,’ I’m going to punch you in the mouth”","Nothing is off-limits for Leslie Jones  stand-up routine. If I see another 45-year-old white woman from Williamsburg saying  black lives matter,  I m going to punch you in the mouth,  the  Saturday Night Live  star said during her recent four-night stint at New York comedy club, Carolines on Broadway.  Stop doing that. In what the New York Times dubbed  a raucous, high-volume  set, the 49-year-old s politically focused act tackled the Black Lives Matter movement and other protests that have followed Donald Trump s presidency. Not one black woman out there,  she said of the marches.  Black woman at home watching  Housewives of Atlanta.   NYPMaybe black women weren t marching because black women are smart enough to know the march was less about Donald Trump and more about defending the killing of (mostly black) babies! Maybe black women don t want to march with a bunch of radical women who are fighting to keep Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger s dream of exterminating the black race alive.In July 2016, Ghostbusters actress and  not funny comedian  Leslie Jones reported Milo Yiannopoulis to Twitter police after he responded to her complaints about messages she was receiving on Twitter and other social media platforms following the release of Ghostbusters, Milo had this to say:If at first you don t succeed (because your work is terrible), play the victim.EVERYONE GETS HATE MAIL FFS https://t.co/W572qB4Vqw  Milo Yiannopoulos   (@Nero) July 18, 2016Jones did not take kindly to this, tweeting that not only had she blocked Milo (despite tweeting a mere three hours earlier that she was no longer going to be blocking people) but she had also reported his account.@Nero you have been reported I hope the lock your Acct  Leslie Jones (@Lesdoggg) July 18, 2016Jones went on to call one of Milo s supporters a  racist b*tch* after he suggested that comedians shouldn t try curtail free speech.https://twitter.com/johnnie789/status/755180696130363393Of course, the ultimate victim Leslie Jones prevailed, and the guy who was wildly popular on Twitter with over 300,000 followers was permanently suspended. Milo s permanent suspension came just 20 minutes before his  Gays for Trump  event takes place at the Republican National Convention.Milo, as usual, took this in his stride and retaliated with multiple tweets ridiculing Jones and her inability to accept criticism.Ghostbusters is doing so badly they ve deployed @Lesdoggg to play the victim on Twitter. Very sad!  Milo Yiannopoulos   (@Nero) July 18, 2016Barely literate. America needs better schools! https://t.co/cCAEI5Ks7w pic.twitter.com/BIYVbBq0Ln  Milo Yiannopoulos   (@Nero) July 18, 2016When asked for official comment on his blocking by Jones this is what Milo said:  She must have read my review! Honestly, this is why I say feminism is cancer. She used to be funny but being involved in a social justice dumpster fire like Ghostbusters has reduced her to the status of just another frothing loon on Twitter. Further ridiculing Jones, Milo said,  Imagine it: the star of a Hollywood blockbuster sitting at home reporting random people on social media for saying her movie sucked. Sad!   BreitbartFrom Breitbart   The justification for the suspension is currently unknown, although it could be as a result of Milo s run-in with Ghostbusters actress Leslie Jones on the site. Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey publicly reached out to Jones late on Monday evening after she complained about  abuse  on the platform. Milo was suspended despite the fact that he sent no abusive tweets to the actress. ",0
19089,"HILLARY SUPPORTER, PROMINENT LAWYER Alan Dershowitz: If Dems Elect Muslim Keith Ellison To DNC Chair, He’s Leaving Dem Party…”Loyalty To My Country Exceeds Any Loyalty To My Party”","In today s distorted world of  human rights,  truth takes a back seat to ideology, and false claims   especially those that  support  radical ideologies   persist even after they have been exposed. Alan DershowitzHarvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz, a high-profile Democrat for decades, said in an op-ed published Friday that he will leave the party if Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) is elected chairman this weekend. My loyalty to my country and my principles and my heritage exceeds any loyalty to my party,  Dershowitz, who supported Hillary Clinton in 2016, wrote in  The Hill  newspaper.When the Jews were being persecuted by the Nazis in 1944 we passed the War Refugee Act, which focused on rescuing Jews, a religious group. But if the religious group is the subject of the persecution based on their religion, it s perfectly OK for a First Amendment-bound society to emphasize their rescue, just as it is perfectly OK to emphasize the fact that many, if not all of the perpetrators of Islamic terrorism, come from countries with a history of supporting terrorism. Alan DershowitzDershowitz recounted Ellison s history of controversial statements and actions many deemed anti-Semitic, including the congressman s history with Louis Farrakhan s  Nation of Islam  movement. A prominent lawyer   told me that while he was a law student, Ellison approached her and said he could not respect her because she was a Jew and because she was a woman who should not be at a law school,  Dershowitz claims in the column.Dershowitz slammed Ellison for disavowing Farrakhan at the same time he was first running for office in Minneapolis, adding that his recent claims of support for Israel coincide with his bid to lead the Democratic National Committee.Calling the DNC election a  momentous choice,  Dershowitz said the party could either go the direction of British parliamentarian Jeremy Corbyn, who led a far-left shift in the Labour Party, or try to recapture the  Rust Belt  Democrats who switched their allegiance to President Trump last November. I hope they choose wisely,  Dershowitz said of the DNC s voting members,  If they do not, I have made my choice.   Fox News ",0
19090,"UNREAL! LIBERAL PROTESTERS Scream and Yell During Prayer, Pledge of Allegiance at Republican Town Hall [Video]", ,0
19091,WILL VILE LEFTISTS Turn Democrats Away?…WATCH Angry Leftists Openly Bully Americans Engaged In Peaceful Prayer [VIDEO],"A group of mostly pro-life college students came together in Detroit last weekend to stand up for  the most vulnerable among us. They were praying to end abortion when a group of loud, vile protesters approached them and and start screaming,  My body is true, don t like it, f*ck you!  in their faces. While protesters screamed at them, the pro-lifers remained calm and peaceful, while praying and  doing their best to ignore them. The more they prayed the rosary, the louder the vile protesters screamed at them,  Not my ovaries, screw your rosary.  These pro-abortion advocates are doing exactly what Democrats are encouraging and even paying them to do. Party leaders like our former President Barack Obama and now Hillary are becoming more and more engaged and vocal in their support of these nasty people. Hillary just released a video of herself telling Democrats to, Keep fighting!  against Trump and the opposition.Democrats are bullying innocent people simply because they have an opposing view. They re attempting to shut down free speech and freedom of religion by threatening people who don t agree with them. Is this really how they plan to save their party? Is this how they prove they re the party of  tolerance  or  compassion  and  love?  Is this the future of the Democrat party?:Watch protesters interrupt a pastor during his opening prayer in a town hall meeting being hosted by Republican Senator Cassidy of LA. We all know that these people are being paid, but are they really doing the Democrat Party any favors by behaving in such a vile and disrespectful way during an opening prayer?",0
19092,SHE’S B-A-A-A-CKKKK!! Hillary Makes Crazy Video Calling Leftist Troops To Join Radicals In FIGHT Against Trump…”Keep Fighting!” [VIDEO],"Hey President Trump how s that Hillary email investigation going? A message from @HillaryClinton: ""Let resistance plus persistence equal progress for our Party and our country."" #DNCFuture pic.twitter.com/smbxQZQfpV  The Democrats (@TheDemocrats) February 24, 2017Can someone tell this crazy b*tch America s over her? Like waaaayyy over her!",0
19093,This Is Great! ONE BRUTAL IMAGE Perfectly Captures The Hypocrisy Of The Left,"You re gonna love this!The left has been screaming for decades about the government interfering in their right to kill their babies. Because after all, even though it s a human life in its earliest stages of development; it s growing inside their womb, so the government has no business protecting the innocent life of that baby in THEIR bodies.Strangely enough, the left is angry about Trump s decision to let the states decide if they will or will not force its citizens to share a bathroom or public shower with a person who claims to be a certain gender contrary to what their genitals say they are. Clearly the hypocritical left can t make up their mind when it s okay, or when it s not okay for the government to tell citizens what they can or cannot do ",0
19094,PRESIDENT TRUMP Turns C-PAC Into T-PAC: “Era of empty talk is over…I’m Not Representing the Globe; I’m Representing Your Country” [VIDEO],"President Donald Trump returned to CPAC on Friday, receiving a rock star welcome from the packed ballroom.He kicked off the speech defending his statement on Twitter that the media was the  enemy of the people,  vowing to fight their  fake news  stories. A few days ago I called the fake news  the enemy of the people,  and they are. They are the enemy of the people,  he said, criticizing their  dishonest coverage  of his administration.Trump admitted that the media was very upset by his repeated criticisms, but that he would continue to do so, citing the First Amendment. They get upset, they say we can t criticize their dishonest coverage because of the first amendment. They always bring up the First Amendment,  he said.  I love the First Amendment. Nobody loves it better than me. Here are a few of our favorite zingers from his speech: Never underestimate the people never!   If our presidents would ve gone to the beach for 15 years, we would be in much better shape than we are right now. Jobs are already starting to pour back into our country. It s time for all Americans to get off welfare and get back to work You re gonna love it! You re gonna love it! Obamacare covers very few people   and remember, deduct from the number all of the people that had great health care that they loved that was taken away from them. It was taken away from them. Here are a few highlights from his speech:Trump traveled to the conference center in Maryland aboard Marine One, returning to the CPAC conference where he made his first big politically themed speeches. Supporters lined up hours early to get in the conference hall, but had to go through tight security to enter the building.During his speech, the president vowed to keep his campaign promises, specifically a repeal and replace of Obamacare, building the Keystone and Dakota pipelines, building a wall on the southern border, restoring military funding. We have to, to turn things around. The era of empty talk is over,  he said.  It s over. Now is the time for action.   Breitbart News",0
19095,ARRESTED: MUSLIM US ARMY VET Charged With Plotting Terror Attack In US On Behalf Of ISIS,"A U.S. Army veteran was recently arrested on charges that he plotted a coordinated terrorist attack on behalf of the Islamic State against civilian targets and military installations in Kansas City.Federal investigators believe Robert Hester wanted to murder his former military comrades and civilians through a series of bus and train attacks to be carried out on President s Day, the Washington Post reported Thursday.Hester was arrested following a months-long FBI investigation during which the 25-year-old met with undercover FBI agents who were posing as ISIS operatives and expressed his desire to reap mass casualties in the United States.Hester, a father of two, served a short stint in the Army beginning in 2012. He faced a series of disciplinary issues and received a general discharged in 2013.Three years later, Hester had converted to Islam, changed his name, and was posting anti-government messages to social media.The Army veteran was arrested last week and was charged with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization.In late January, Hester met with one undercover FBI agent posing as an ISIS contact who asked the veteran to purchase a series of items that could be used to make bombs, including 9-volt batteries, duct tape, copper wire, and nails. Hester brought the bomb supplies to a later meeting and handed them over to the undercover agent.Hester s final meeting with the undercover agents was last week, where he brought a box of nails to be used as shrapnel for the bombs. He told agents on Friday that it felt  good to help strike back at the true terrorist. First on social media, then during face-to-face meetings with an undercover FBI employee, this defendant repeatedly expressed his intent to engage in acts of violent jihad against the United States,  U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Missouri Tammy Dickinson said in a statement.  He believed he was part of an ISIS-sponsored terrorist attack that would result in the deaths and injuries of many innocent victims.   WFB ",0
19096,NYT’s RACE-OBSESSED Liberal Columnist GOES NUTS On CNN When Conservative Pundit Touches His Arm [VIDEO],Blow wrote in his article today for the New York Times that he has no desire to work with Trump voters. He clearly stated that there is no room for compromise with anyone who doesn t agree with him:,0
19097,83 Yr Old Supreme Court Justice Ginsburg Gives Rare Interview To BBC: Talks Retirement…Expresses “Hope” In Anti-Trump Protesters[VIDEO],"Speaking to BBC Newsnight in a rare interview, Justice Ginsburg reiterated the importance of the free press. I read the Washington Post and the New York Times every day, and I think that the reporters are trying to tell the public the way things are,  she said.Justice Ginsburg was nominated by Bill Clinton and is regarded as a liberal.Justice Ginsburg was careful to avoid commenting directly on Donald Trump s presidency.Before the election, in July 2016, Justice Ginsburg criticised Donald Trump   calling him  a faker . She later said she regretted making the comments.Watch: Think of what the press has done in the United States,  she said citing the Watergate scandal.  That story might never have come out if we didn t have the free press that we do. Asked about the rise of the so-called  post truth world , Justice Ginsburg said:  I am optimistic in the long run. A great man once said that the true symbol of the United States is not the bald eagle. It is the pendulum. And when the pendulum swings too far in one direction it will go back. Some terrible things have happened in the United States but one can only hope that we learn from those bad things. Justice Ginsburg said she was encouraged by the Women s March, which saw millions in the US and around the world take part in anti-Trump protests. I ve never seen such a demonstration   both the numbers and the rapport of the people in that crowd. There was no violence, it was orderly. So yes, we are not experiencing the best times but there is there is reason to hope that that we will see a better day. Justice Ginsburg has been on the Supreme Court since 1993 and   at 83 years-old   is the oldest serving member.Asked how much longer she would stay in post, she said:  At my age you have to take it year by year. I know I m OK. What will be next year? She added:  I m hopeful however, because my most senior colleague the one who most recently retired, Justice John Paul Stevens, stepped down at age 90. So I have a way to go.    BBC",0
19098,"ARROGANT DEMOCRAT BILLIONAIRE Whose Father Co-Founded Hyatt Hotels, Tells MEN To Use GIRLS Restrooms To Protest Trump","I wonder how many of J.B. Pritzker s children or grandchildren will be forced to share locker rooms or bathrooms at the country club with men or women of the opposite sex? This election has brought out a never-ending supply of elitist liberals with big mouths, who have all kinds of great ideas for the little people to implement A billionaire Democratic megadonor, who is exploring a run for governor, encouraged men to use women s bathrooms on Wednesday sparking criticism from transgender advocates and politicians.J.B. Pritzker, the billionaire heir whose father co-founded Hyatt hotels, floated the idea of switching bathrooms in the wake of President Donald Trump s executive order reversing an Obama policy that could have stripped federal funds from schools that maintain separate bathroom facilities based on sex. As a protest against Trump s rescinding protections for trans kids, everyone should use the other gender s bathroom today!  he tweeted at 8:36 a.m.As a protest against Trump's rescinding protections for trans kids, everyone should use the other gender's bathroom today! #protecttranskids  JB Pritzker (@JBPritzker) February 23, 2017Not everyone on Twitter agreed with Pritzker. Some on the right even used (gasp!) facts to bolster their argument. Like the fact that,  a TINY .01% of  the population  are actually affected by a federal transgender bathroom law:Draconian federal regulation is unneeded. We're talking about a TINY .01% of population. Let schools deal with this directly!  Nicole4Trump (@niteowlmom3) February 23, 2017The tweet immediately provoked criticism from liberals. Illinois State Rep. Will Guzzardi (D., Chicago), a supporter of the Obama rule, said that Pritzker s tweet was insensitive and mischaracterized the transgender bathroom and locker room debate. No disrespect  @JBPritzker but it s actually about precisely *not* that. We just want to let kids use their own gender s bathroom,  Guzzardi tweeted in response.  Your idea suggests that we support ppl going into opposite-gender bathrooms, which plays right into transphobic rhetoric. Pritzker has been called  the other mayor of Chicago  for his political influence and massive campaign spending on behalf of Democratic candidates such as Chicago Mayor Rahm Emmanuel. He has close ties to the Clintons, having served as the national co-chair of Hillary Clinton s failed 2008 presidential bid, as well as the Obama administration. His sister, Penny Pritzker, served as Secretary of Commerce under President Obama from 2013 until he left office. J.B. Pritzker and his wife were two of the largest individual spenders in the 2016 election, shelling out more than $21 million to elect Clinton and other Democrats, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.Pritzker has now set his sights on the Illinois governor s mansion and is exploring the idea of self-funding a campaign. Rauner self-financed a $40 million campaign run in 2014, which helped him overcome steep Democratic advantages in the deep blue state.Other Democrats vying for the nomination were quick to criticize Pritzker s protest idea. Tom Elliot, communications director for Chicago Alderman Ameya Pawar s gubernatorial campaign, accused the billionaire of  missing the point entirely Telling people to use the other gender s bathroom is missing the point entirely and a terrible idea.  @JBPritzker  #protecttranskids,  Elliot replied.  WFBTelling people to use the other gender's bathroom is missing the point entirely and a terrible idea. @JBPritzker #protecttranskids  Tom Elliott (@trelliott) February 23, 2017",0
19099,"EXCLUSIVE Post-Election, Liberal Meltdown Explained In One Hilarious Poem: “Ode To Liberal Lunacy”","If you re like me . . . it s probably been an entertaining year Full of liberal lunacy, hypocrisy, and fear. There s been so many  episodes , it s easy to forget. Luckily, they ve all been logged upon the internet.The circus added one more ring when Donald got the nod To represent the GOP . . . the libs cried  Oh my God.  The media assured them there s no way that Trump could win So they sat back on their parent s couch, enamored by the spin.Election Day was coming . . . entertainment getting slow, Thank God the folks in Hollywood maintained the status quo. A host of A-list wannabes began to trickle forth, And told us that if Trump should win . . . they d all be headed north.When Donald passed two-seventy . . . and victory was at hand, A Trump-induced psychosis sprouted up in Liberal land. The fireworks were cancelled, and purveyors of fake news Were left to invent reasons why their candidate would lose.They blamed it all on Comey, then they blamed a Russian hack A dog that ate their homework, and of course . . . the men in black. A unicorn, a sasquatch, and a faulty Gallup Poll Next . . . they ll blame the shooter who was on the grassy knoll.Those celebs that promised egress . . . failed to adhere We waited for the moving trucks, which never did appear. Yes, not a star left Hollywood, although we wished it so, Despite the fact that Rush and Sean would pay for them to go.So now we re stuck with Miley, and we re stuck with Barbra too, Several washed-up actors . . . and the women of The View. We still have Maddow s meltdowns, and Sharpton s brand of hate. And, we still have Lena Dunham . . . though she s lost a little weight.In Congress, you can bet there s more than one defective gene. Just climb on board the crazy train with Nancy and Maxine. They often make me wonder just how awesome it would be, If parts of California could just slide into the sea.I m watching Liberal journalists like Cooper, Wolf, and Tapper, Spew the Leftist mantra . . . as their careers go down the crapper. Deplorables will have their fun with Liberal rank and file, Watching rats abandon ship when Clinton goes on trial.When Debbie left the DNC, I thought we d lost our clown. Then, from the state of Idaho, came Sally Boynton Brown. The DNC will be reborn, no matter what it takes. And the mix will look like cereal . . . with fruit loops, nuts, and flakes.Then, I saw the women s march, a feministic treat. I watched with fascination as they spilled into the street. Among the more disturbing sights were  lady  Democrats Who dressed up as vaginas . . . others wore their  kitty  hats.An incoherent Ashley Judd paraded  round a stage Saying all those  nasty women  should demand a higher wage. Then ranting about blood-stained sheets upon those women s beds. Somewhere a doctor s wondering why he took her off her meds.Madonna parked her walker to begin her caustic din, Dreams of blowing up the Whitehouse as senility sets in. Even in her senior years . . . the party never ends. She dances  round her nursing home in Vera Wang Depends.The Liberals, you must admit, have done some crazy things. It s fun to see them come unhinged as Donald pulls the strings. So, if you feel you need a shot of petulance and mirth, Sit back and watch the Liberals, it s the greatest show on earth. This poem (Ode to Liberal Lunacy) is republished here with permission and attribution to author Tony Olson About the Author: Tony Olson is an American journalist, and bestselling author. His book SPIN GAME: Exposing Political Lies And Tactics was an Amazon Top Ten Bestseller. Tony also authored the recent poem  Twas The Night Before Inauguration.  Tony currently lives in Boise, Idaho.",0
19100,"HUFFINGTON POST PUBLISHES, Then DELETES “Trump Is Absolutely Right About Sweden” Article…But OOPS! It Was Archived…And We’re Happy To Share Its BRUTALLY HONEST Content With You!","Yesterday, social media was buzzing after The Huffington Post actually posted a story that not only backed up Trump s assertion about Sweden being a hot mess, but it called out journalists for lying about how the invasion of immigrants are destroying European nations. The title of the article in and of itself, is bad enough:  Trump is absolutely right about Sweden but the honesty with which the writer approaches the subject is even more stunning.  Not surprisingly, after getting a lot of negative reaction from the left who felt the Huffington Post let them down by actually telling the truth, the Huffington Post deleted the story. Our friend @TEN_GOP was kind enough to archive the story before they deleted it.https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/834822902495145985President Trump tweeted clarification of the comments he made about Sweden that the Huffington Post author Ren  Zografos  referenced in his article:My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants & Sweden.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 19, 2017After The Huffington Post deleted his article, Ren  Zografos  came out in defense of his words and of Trump comments about Sweden on Twitter:Trump is absolutely right about Sweden https://t.co/jyFM3bjIE8  Ren  Zografos (@zokrates) February 22, 2017Here he Zografos defends his article as nothing but the truth. :Thank you for all supports so far, kind people. The story is nothing but the truth.. #truth #media #Trump  Ren  Zografos (@zokrates) February 23, 2017Sweden has huge problems because of liberal immigration policy Many journalists around the world are eager to condemn Donald Trump no matter what. When he tweeted about immigration in Sweden few days ago, the social media exploded. Most of the opponent said that Trump has made up the immigration problem Sweden have. They are wrong.Only hours later there was a riot of violence and destructions by immigrants in the capitol of Sweden, Stockholm. The police was forced to shoot with ammunition to put and end to it. In Malm , another city south in Sweden they have struggle with gang violence and lawlessness for years. So when Trump talk about that Sweden have an immigration problem he is actually spot on.It s well known for Scandinavians and other Europeans that liberal immigration comes with drugs, rapes, gang wars, robbery and violence. Additional to that we see the respective nations cultures fading away, for good and for bad.But the immigration problem is not only a Swedish predicament. The truth is, that several European cities have huge immigration problems where even the police force is afraid to interfere in some locations in these cities. UK, France and several other European countries are changing rapidly with extreme quantity of immigration. I m not saying immigration is only bad, but a lot of problems come with poor immigration policy, as consequences we get violence, terror and gangs. The fact is that the press here in Europe hasn t doing their job properly. There is this fear for journalists to not report the basic truth   which is that Europe has enormous problems that comes from liberal immigration politics, and as we also now can see in Sweden, but also here in Norway. But it s not political correct for journalists to say or write that immigration in Europe is unsuccessful. When that said, most of the people that come from other countries are behaving flawless and are a gift to our society, but then again to report that everything is all good is simply wrong and these journalists should find another job, because they do not have enough integrity that requires to be decent journalist.Go here to see the actual archived article. ",0
19101,FLASHBACK: TWO MUSLIMS Living In US With Criminal Records ATTACK GAY Med Student In DC: If You Were “in my country…you’d be stoned to death…Just like Muhammad commanded” [VIDEO],"Virginia resident Ruddad Abdulgader, a 19-year-old Sudanese native and Muslim, responsible for an Oct. 3 bias-motivated assault of a Georgetown medical student was sentenced to 35 months in prison by D.C. Superior Court last Friday.On Oct. 3, the medical student, who has remained anonymous due to the nature of his assault, was attacked by two men as he walked along the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal path in the early hours of the morning. The assailants shouted homophobic slurs at him and hit him in the face with a vodka bottle, rendering the victim unconscious.The Virginia resident Ruddad Abdulgader pleaded guilty on two felony counts on Nov. 12, 2008. According to a Department of Justice press release, he was sentenced Friday to 30 months of jail time for felony assault with a bias intent and five months for possession of a prohibited weapon. Due to immigration laws, Abdulgader may face deportation to Sudan.Under D.C. law, Abdulgader could have received a maximum four-and-a-half year sentence for felony assault with bias intent. In addition to being incarcerated, Abdulgader must compensate the victim for his out-of-pocket medical costs.Abdulgader s accomplice, Saad Elorch, a Moroccan native was also intially charged with the bias-assault, however the U.S. Attorney s office dropped the charge after Abdulgader admitted that he was the only one who physically assaulted the victim. Elorch pleaded not guilty to misdemeanor charges of assaulting and threatening a police officer.  The HoyaWe are unable to determine if either of these men were ever deported. We ll update this story if more information becomes available.",0
19102,"BREAKING #CNNLeak…James O’Keefe’s New Undercover Recordings Expose #CNNFakeNews Operatives: “I mean, I’m a little biased”…” I agree. I think it’s dishonest” [Video]","James O Keefe has been at the forefront of new media since he outed ACORN posing as a pimp Who can forget that! He s exposed the left time and time again His latest video exposed liberal organizers suggesting violent ways to disrupt the inauguration of President Trump.It seems O Keefe recognizes that we are at war with the press more than anyone on the left. The blatant lies and complete distortions of just about anything President Trump says are happening 24/7 on CNN, MSNBC, ABC, NBC and CBS. It s time to expose the REAL fake news Thank you James O Keefe!Here s O Keefe s first release where Joe Sterling, CNN s News Desk Editor for  The Wire  telling one of O Keefe s undercover reporters that  climate change  is settled science and,  There is no debate. I mean, I m a little biased Joe Sterling, once News Desk Editor @CNN admits he has a clear bias in favor of @POTUS44. Doesn't #CNN claim to be ""most trusted?"" #CNNLeaks pic.twitter.com/VhxeJCK1lL  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) February 23, 2017The second release in a long list of undercover CNN tapes, PROVES Trump was correct when he talked about the polls being rigged. We all knew that President Trump was correct when he told Americans,  Don t believe the polls  that were incorrectly pointing to a huge Hillary win. We all know how that story ends. Trump beat Hillary in a landslide, and beat her in states that polls like CNN s, told us he had no chance of winning. Listen to CNN try to reason with O Keefe s undercover reporter about why they refuse to update their polls after new information emerges that could be a game changer in how the public perceives it:When questioned about their tactics and why they choose not to use new data to update one of their polls, CNN s Executive Editor Arthur Brice responded,  I agree. I think its dishonest to use outdated information if new information shows something that is in variance with something you re reporting. It s just dishonest. In this bit we found @CNN's Executive Editor @ArthurBrice talks about using ""dishonest and outdated information"" in CNN's polls. #CNNLeaks pic.twitter.com/j2L2FrqYwY  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) February 23, 2017",0
19103,JAMES O’KEEFE Gives #VeryFakeNewsCNN Advance Notice: “A Few Hundred Hours” Of “Secretly Recorded Material” From Inside The Network…#CNNLeaks,"CNN went on to trash the amazing James O Keefe saying: O Keefe, who uses undercover stings to trap his targets, has a reputation for shady tactics (Says the network who was caught red-handed giving Donna Brazile debate questions to pass along to Hillary prior to the CNN hosted debate) and exaggerated statements.Some of his so-called expos s have relied on misleading editing techniques. (How many times in the past month have we watched CNN cut the mic of a guest whose political views they disagreed with, and then called it a  technical issue ?)  And an incident in 2010 landed him in legal trouble.https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/834548654589542401After he was arrested at Senator Mary Landrieu s office, O Keefe pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor for entering federal property under false pretenses. He was sentenced to three years of probation, plus community service and a fine. Wow! Is CNN referring to the guy who single-handedly (with a little help from his good friend Hannah Giles, who posed as O Keefe s prostitute) took down ACORN, one of the most corrupt leftist organizations in America? And the same guy who exposed the truth about how Hillary s camp and Democrat operatives, who were actually responsible for inciting violence at Trump rallies? And oh yeah the same guy who got Democrat operatives to admit on tape that they ve been committing voter fraud for several years? Does CNN really believe anyone cares that James O Keefe was charged with a MISDEMEANOR!? GASP!Here is CNN trying to get out ahead of what they know is going to be a public relations nightmare with a lame attempt at discrediting James O Keefe: https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/834537309991231488Given his track record, many consider O Keefe discredited, and not a serious journalist.O Keefe s track record is impeccable and the impact his undercover videos have had cannot even be measured. He has gifted Americans with his spectacular undercover work for years now, and we hope he continues to expose the Left and those associated with the anti-American left for a very long time.Armed with donations, (Here s the link to the Project Veritas donor site, if you re interested in contributing to the good work of an amazing team at Project Veritas)  hidden cameras and his YouTube account, O Keefe has repeatedly tried to embarrass big news organizations in the past. Most of his other subjects have been liberal groups.   Money CNNHere s a little teaser tweet that James O Keefe put out earlier today, putting CNN on notice and letting Americans know about his bombshell video tomorrow. Stay tuned we ll be posting the video the moment it s released! Tomorrow. #CNNLeaks pic.twitter.com/gPrCNhwFF3  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) February 22, 2017Many Americans are anxiously awaiting this #CNNLeak. Here are some reactions to O Keefe s announcement:I can only imagine how many folks at @CNN are losing sleep tonight! Especially those that got chummy with @donnabrazile  #Cnnleaks #MAGA pic.twitter.com/98ahx78XL1  Pinball Wizard (@comermd) February 23, 2017Don't Worry @CNN If You Have NOTHING To Hide Then 100's Of Hours Of Leaked Footage Should Be A Cake Walk Right   #CNNLeaks #MAGA pic.twitter.com/05wASjAsmZ  Leah USA MADE  (@LeahR77) February 23, 2017https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/834556596780797952This Twitter user has an interesting point. Twitter CEO @Jack tends to either misspell top trending conservative news #hashtags or bury them in  trending  hashtags. We ll see what happens after the release of the video: Something tells me Twitter will NOT allow #CNNLeaks to trend tomorrow when the big @JamesOKeefeIII drop happens. Just a wild guess.  Jeremy Nolt (@RealJeremyNolt) February 22, 2017And finally this tweet is directed at everyone s least favorite guy at CNN, Brian Stelter:https://twitter.com/danieljrudolph/status/834623185597394945",0
19104,WOW! DOCUMENT Shows Teachers How To Teach History After Trump Election…”And Not Get Fired”,"Have you ever had an argument with a liberal who swears on her mother s grave that educators in America don t fill our children s heads with propaganda and liberal lies? Here s proof that they re wrong. We found this website listed on a radical leftist Facebook page used to recruit activists in the fight against Trump. One of their primary focuses in their battle against Trump is how to turn kids against him. The google document we reference in this article was created by history educators in Oakland, California. They make it a point to let the teachers know that they can t guarantee they won t be fired for teaching their version of  History  in  Post 2016   as suggested below, but hey, that s why they have teacher s unions right? We ve copied the Google document and taken several screen shots, as these documents, like the one created by the Assistant Professor Melissa Zimdars that was supposed to point out  fake news  sites was deleted once people realized she was just a radical trying to discredit conservative websites. The first thing the website addresses is how to keep your job but still teach your version of history post Trump election:How to Be a Critical History Educator. . . and not get fired.*Here are a few samples of articles the website suggests teachers use to aid them in their  indoctrination  of their students. Check out some of the titles and a sample of what the articles are about. These are pure indoctrination articles that all lean very hard to the Left. (Go to this link for full list): For example, Oakland Unified School District Board of Education Policy 6144 states that  The study of a controversial issue should help students learn how to gather and organize pertinent facts, discriminate between fact and fiction, draw intelligent conclusions and respect the opinions of others,  and Administrative Regulation 6144 states that  Controversial issues may be discussed in the classroom, provided that: 1) The issue is related to the course of study and provides opportunities for critical thinking, for developing tolerance, and for understanding conflicting points of view The ACLU of Washington State has also compiled The Free Speech Rights of Teachers, a legal guide covering speech inside and outside of the classroom, clothing, classroom or office displays and decorations, bulletin boards, conversations with colleagues, and campus demonstrations.*Although we think the guidance in this document is good practice, we can t guarantee you won t get fired. Use your best judgment, plan explicitly, and develop relationships with site, district, and community partners.One of the articles they suggest teachers use to aid them in  teaching history  to their students is The Zinn Education Project: The Zinn Education Project stands in solidarity with those who have denounced Donald Trump s racism, misogyny, xenophobia, and Islamophobia as well as his ignorant and deadly proposals about the environment and climate change. We have been encouraged by the young people in our classrooms and in the streets who are living the maxim that  people make history. As we have tried to make sense of this election and what it means for educators and our students, we have asked ourselves,  What would Howard Zinn say? While detesting the outcome, we doubt he would have been surprised. Zinn observed that,Is not nationalism one of the great evils of our time, along with racism, along with religious hatred? These ways of thinking cultivated, nurtured, indoctrinated from childhood on have been useful to those in power, and deadly for those out of power.But Zinn would surely remind us that just because the rich and powerful want something to happen, doesn t make it so. He would urge us not to lose heart, and to remember our history. Zinn wrote,There is a tendency to think that what we see in the present moment will continue. We forget how often we have been astonished by the sudden crumbling of institutions, by extraordinary changes in people s thoughts, by unexpected eruptions of rebellion against tyrannies, by the quick collapse of systems of power that seemed invincible.No doubt, still reeling from this poisonous election, it is hard to be hopeful. But we invite you to draw on curriculum at the Zinn Education Project to help your students make sense of this new context. We include lessons some highlighted below that:Show how social movements have made important strides even during dark times. Help students explore other moments in history when elites have mobilized to roll back racial and economic progress. Highlight examples of  divide and conquer  politics. Help students explore aspects of Trump s agenda immigration, the environment, Muslims, civil liberties, the press, and economic inequality. It s vital that we introduce our students to the individuals and social movements that have made this country more just. As Howard Zinn reminded us:To omit, or to minimize, these voices of resistance is to create the idea that power only rests with those who have the guns, who possess the wealth, who own the newspapers and the television stations. People who seem to have no power, whether working people, people of color, or women once they organize and protest and create movements have a voice no government can suppress.Civil rights organizer Ella Baker said,  We who believe in freedom cannot rest.  The role of teachers is crucial in this freedom struggle. Please check out the lessons and resources below.",0
19105,OOPS! TRUMP Obsessed John McCain EXPOSED By Wikileaks Begging For Campaign Donations From Russia,WOW! John McCain is leading a vicious campaign against the Russian government since the November election.In January McCain suggested the Russian  hacking  of the election was an  act of war. Sworn Donald Trump enemy John McCain also admitted to passing a dossier of false claims of a Russian blackmail plot against the president-elect to the FBI.But OOPS! It looks like it wasn t that long ago that Senator McCain requested campaign donations from Russian officials for his Presidential campaign.Wikileaks released documents this week following the sudden death of Russian UN ambassador Vitaly Churkin.There are several documents Wikileaks has on McCain s request for donations from the Russians.In 2008 the Russian mission released a letter on a fundraising attempt from John McCain.  GPAccording to Reddit users John McCain illegally asked for campaign donations from the Russian Ambassador. (the same ambassador that died suddenly on Monday) This globalist shrieks about Russian influence while he himself participated in it.The Russians told McCain they would not donate to his campaign. ,0
19106,TERROR FEARS Keeping Tourists Away From OPEN BORDERS Paris…Costs Economy €1.3 Billion [SHOCKING VIDEOS],"Borderless travel through Europe is dying, a political victim of mass-murder in Paris. That is the conclusion of many sensible people, including Alex Carlile, the former independent reviewer of terrorism legislation. Lord Carlile, incidentally, is a Liberal Democrat. Seeing the flaws in the Schengen rules, which allow free movement across much of the European Union, is no longer confined to the political Right.That conclusion is based on reports that at least one of the Paris killers arrived in Greece and claimed to be a refugee from Syria, then travelled on from Greece across the EU unchecked before reaching France.Even before Paris, Schengen was crumbling under the pressure of what some have called the great migration from the Middle East and Africa into the EU. Borderless travel meant a lopsided distribution of new arrivals, often unwanted. The fences that went up over the summer will now become higher and more numerous, as many will no doubt conclude that not only do the foreigners arriving on this continent threaten their culture and livelihood, some of them pose a physical threat too.  Telegraph UKBUT IS IT TOO LATE FOR THE CITY OF ROMANCE? Paris and the surrounding region lost 1.5 million tourists on 2016 as visitors, especially from the Far East, stay away due to ongoing terror fears.According to the Comit  Regional du Tourisme, the Paris Ile-de-France region also lost 1.3 billion euros in tourist income, while the number of nights spent by foreign visitors in the region s hotels also fell by 10.8 per cent.Tourists are probably not too excited about visiting Paris after shocking videos have been circulating that capture the filth and trash left behind by migrants that have overwhelmed the once thriving tourist spot.This is definitely not the Paris you dreamed about: Some sights in particular  have suffered deeply from the lack of tourists and cancellations by school groups , the committee says, including the Arc de triomphe which saw a 24 per cent drop in visitors.The Louvre museum, which earlier this month was subject to an attack from a machete wielding man shouting  Allahu Akbar , also saw a 13.3 per cent drop last year.The fears have even hit Disneyland Paris, which saw a 9.5 per cent drop in foreign visitors.This month has seen a series of disturbances in Paris s suburbs, with one coachload of Korean tourists robbed when men climbed aboard their coach, shouting threats.One witness described the incident as  ten minutes of horror , revealing that one of the men threatened the tourists with an object  resembling a glass bottle .Watch shocking video showing migrants attacking police officers and rioting in Paris. Listen to chants of  Allahu Akbar!  as they attack police officers:The disturbances began after a black youth was allegedly raped with a police truncheon while being arrested. Evenings of rioting spread through the suburbs, with cars torched, windows smashed and shops looted. At times, police appeared to have completely lost control of the situation.The South Korean government has now warned nationals from visiting Paris as tourists, in a move which will cause further damage to France s ailing tourism industry.The city also announced this month it was building an eight-foot tall bullet-proof glass wall around the Eiffel Tower, with visitors forced to enter through new security check points.  Breitbart News ",0
19107,"WOW! STERLING HTS, MI CITY COUNCIL Caves On Mega-Mosque Project In Middle Of Christian Neighborhood…Council Member CAUGHT On VIDEO Admitting Mosque Is Part Of “Religious War”","In September 2015, the Sterling Heights, MI City Council representing a city of 130,000 people in southeastern Michigan, denied the proposal for a mega-mosque in a residential neighborhood populated largely by Christian refugees who fled Islamic persecution in Iraq.Sterling Heights already has two mosques, but a third, the American Islamic Community Center, applied for a permit and was rejected after it was determined its proposed use was incompatible with the residential area. Too much traffic, too little parking, the city planning commission decided by a 9-0 vote against the mosque in September 2015.But in December, the mosque sued the city and the Obama Justice Department joined in, claiming the real reason the mosque was denied was because the city was caving to anti-Muslim bigotry in the community. A settlement deal was announced last night during a Sterling Heights City Council meeting.As expected, the attorney for the mosque developers claimed the reasons these mostly Christian refugees from Iraq are in opposition to a mosque being built in their residential neighborhood  fake :Sterling Heights, MI residents spoke out against the proposed mega-mosque during a planning commission meeting where the residents were given an opportunity to have their views heard by the city council:Many of the Sterling Heights residents who live in the area of the proposed mosque are Christian-Iraqi refugees who fled persecution of Muslims in their native land. The last thing they want is an Islamic mega-mosque erected in their backyards.  Before announcing the decision to go ahead with the proposed plan for building the mega-mosque in a local neighborhood, Sterling Heights City Councilman Doug Skrzyniarz claimed the primary reasons for going ahead with the plans were to avoid costly litigation while allowing officials to have more say in the mosque s layout. We have reduced our financial risk and we ve been able to have input on what the actual development is going to contain,  Councilman Doug Skrzyniarz told the large crowd. But it s what he said next, that s NOT being reported by local or national news outlets that was even more telling and it happens near the end of the video:",0
19108,POLICE DEPT CANCELS “HIGH-FIVE” A COP At Elementary School Over Concerns Of Offending “Undocumented Children…Kids Of Color”,"It s official the inmates are running the asylum A police department in Northampton, Massachusetts is ending its  High-Five Friday  program at local elementary schools due to concerns that  undocumented children  and others may feel  uncomfortable  seeing an officer at school.The program, started by the Northampton Police Department in December, had officers stand outside of a school each Friday morning to high-five students as they walked in to begin the day.  WFBToday was High-5 Friday at Bridge St School! Thanks to everyone who participated! The kids and officers all had fun! #highfiveHere are a few tweets that were sent out by the NPD highlighting their  high-five  program with kids:Today was High-5 Friday at Bridge St School! Thanks to everyone who participated! The kids and officers all had fun! #highfive pic.twitter.com/Trz0yoW3Qh  Northampton Police (@NorthamptonPD) December 9, 2016Today was High-Five Friday! Thanks to Jackson St School for hosting! We hope that everyone had a great time! Happy Friday!! #highfive pic.twitter.com/MWY6JBlHlK  Northampton Police (@NorthamptonPD) January 6, 2017Here is part of their Facebook explanation for doing away with the  high-five  program:This is the same Northampton Police Department by the way, that celebrated the great turn-out for the nasty women march that was really about protesting Trump and defending abortion. Does it make you feel any safer when you see a police department bragging about their promotion of lawless liberal politics?  ",0
19109,Ignorance Gave GITMO Prisoner FREEDOM…UK Gave Him £1 Million…He Repaid Us By Becoming A Human Bomb For ISIS [VIDEO],"Tolerance + trust = human bombs for Islamic terror.  Allahu Akbar  dumbasses!  Ronald Fiddler was paid up to  1,000,000 compensation by the UK after he was released from Gitmo. He blew himself up this week.A British man said by Islamic State to have detonated a suicide bomb attacking Iraqi forces in Mosul is former Guantanamo Bay detainee Ronald Fiddler, Sky sources have said.IS named the bomber as Abu Zakariya al Britani, and claimed the vehicle he was in had exploded in Tal Kisum village, south of Mosul.The  al Britani  name is often used by the extremist group to indicate a fighter s British background.Ronald Fiddler, 50, was one of five Britons released in 2004 after being held at America s Guantanamo Bay detention centre, on Cuba, for more than two years..Barack Obama told Yahoo in December 2015 that  only a handful  of Gitmo detainees has returned to a life of terrorism.The actual number is closer to 196  So he was only off by 191.According to Obama s own Director of National Intelligence, 117 former detainees are confirmed of returning to terror. 79 more detainees are suspected of returning to the fight.That s a confirmed recidivism rate of 18% and a confirmed-suspected recidivism rate of 30%.Here is a partial list of Gitmo detainees who have returned to terror: ** Gitmo Detainees Re-Arrested in Russia ** Former Gitmo Prisoner Arrested for Terrorism in Moscow ** Three Former Gitmo Detainees Held in Morocco ** Former Gitmo Inmate Involved in Russian Terror Attack on Nalchik ** Former Gitmo Detainee Re-Arrested in Pakistan ** Seven Percent of Gitmo Detainees Return to Battlefield. ** Former Club Gitmo Detainee Carries Out Suicide Mission in Iraq ** Pentagon: 61 Gitmo Grads Returned to Terror ** Former  Rehabilitated  Gitmo Detainee Becomes Al-Qaeda Chief ** 2 Former  Rehabilitated  Gitmo Grads Appear in Al-Qaeda Movie ** 11 Former  Rehabilitated  Gitmo Grads Back On Saudi Most Wanted List ** American Teenager Murdered By Former Gitmo Detainee ** Breaking: Taliban s Top Officer in Southern Afghanistan Is Former Gitmo Detainee ** Former Gitmo Detainee Leads Fight Against US Troops ** Another Former  Rehabilitated  Gitmo Detainee Killed in Shootout ** Former Gitmo Detainee Now Al Qaeda  Spiritual Leader  ** Former Gitmo Detainees Lead Yemeni Al-Qaeda Group Linked to Detroit Bomber ** Former Gitmo Detainee Leads Insurgency in Southern Afghanistan ** Thanks Barack  Another Gitmo Detainee Returns to the Fold ** 25 Former Gitmo Detainees From Saudi Arabia Return to Life of Terror ** ONE WEEK AFTER PARIS TERROR ATTACKS   Obama Releases Five More Gitmo Detainees ** Former Gitmo Terrorist Arrested in Uganda; Suspect in Prosecutor s Shooting Death ** Two more Gitmo detainees arrested in terror raid in Belgium ** Former Gitmo Detainee Now an Al-Qaeda Leader in Yemen ** ANOTHER Former Gitmo Detainee and Current ISIS Recruiter Arrested in LibyaVia: Gateway Pundit",0
19110,“Dear Mr. Trump”…NBC Uses Kids To Make STUNNING Anti-Trump Propaganda VIDEO…PREPARE TO BE SHOCKED!,"NBC News handpicked anti-Trump tykes for two propaganda videos to make it appear that every child in American thinks Pres. Trump is an ignorant racist and threat to the country.The video starts out with a blurry picture of President Trump (the kind of picture used in political ads by the opponent to make the candidate look bad) and goes downhill from there:Not one child in either  Dear Mr. President: kids Talk Trump  or  Dear Mr. President: Letters from the American Children  says he actually supports Trump s efforts to keep America safe from terrorism or stop the influx of illegal aliens.Both videos open with smarmy, false compliments to give the illusion that these kids haven t been indoctrinated by leftist teachers and liberal media but, then, both launch into unrelenting snide rebukes couched in innocent-kid-speak.The kids accuse Trump of racism and violence against blacks: Most of my family is black. I m afraid that you re gonna hurt some of us blacks. You are here, attempting to white-wash America. I don t like your definition of American, because I don t seem to fit within it. These adolescent activists really, really don t want a border wall or travel ban on state-sponsors of terror, because it s not  nice  and  fair : Not letting immigrants into America is really not nice, so please let them in. It s not fair for refugees. Just because I m Mexican, doesn t mean you can build a wall around the country. Please don t build a wall, and don t let people have guns. P.S.   Please don t build a wall around Mexico. P.P.S.   Please, please don t stop the refugees from coming. You re going to separate me away from the rest of my family, and I really don t what that because I love them too much. Some of my friends are really scared about you building a wall, and the travel ban, because a lot of their families live in different places. WATCH: And, then, there s this rebuke from a young lady who appears in both videos: When you speak on things that make me feel uncomfortable or I disagree with, you make me feel small, because I know I can t change it. Apparently, the president should never disagree with her or say things she doesn t like because it ll hurt Susie Snowflake s feelings.  CNS news HERE S THE SECOND VIDEO:",0
19111,WHY DID OBAMA APPROVE $418 Million Sale Of U.S. Weapons To Kenya On His Last Day In Office…And Why Was The Contract Awarded To A Firm Who Never Produced One Of These Planes?,"A group of lawmakers is planning to request a congressional investigation of a $418 million U.S. weapons sale to Kenya approved by the Obama administration on its last day in office. The sale, approved by the State Department and privately notified to Congress on January 19, would allow Kenya to buy 14 weaponized crop-duster-like planes   including two trainer planes and services, for missions against terrorist group al-Shabaab.The deal was publicly announced the Monday after Trump s inauguration.A handful of lawmakers, led by Rep. Ted Budd (R-NC), are questioning why the contract to produce the planes was awarded to major defense firm L3 Technologies   which has never produced such a plane   while a smaller, disabled veteran-owned company in North Carolina that already make those planes at a lower cost was not considered.The L3 contract would primarily benefit its Platform Integration Division in Waco, Texas. An L3 spokesman did not respond to a phone call asking for comment.Budd said the current deal is not a good one for the Kenyans either. He met with the Kenyan Deputy Chief of Mission last Monday, who was allegedly  flabbergasted  they were potentially paying almost $200 million more than necessary. We ve had several Kenyans reach out and thank us,  he said.Several Kenyan analysts also questioned the sale on Twitter, with the accompanying hashtag #KDFWeaponsScam. KDF is short for Kenyan Defense Force.We could have bought 5 of these Bell Boeing V-22 Ospreys at the $418 million expenditure #KDFWeaponsScam pic.twitter.com/2XXdS9g7VT  The Muthoka  (@MuthokaTito) February 17, 2017A US congressman has moved to halt Kenya's pending arms purchase saying that Kenya is getting a raw deal out of it. #KDFWeaponsScam  PATRIOT   (@PaulKiarie_) February 17, 2017This Twitter user questions the  thuggery  of the government that according to this user is currently over $3 trillion in debt.The kind of Thuggery being witnessed by Jubilee govt is the worst The public debt stands at over 3 trillion up from 1.6 #KDFWeaponsScam  Mafioso   (@elchapo_jnr) February 17, 2017The Mooresville, N.C. company, IOMAX USA Inc., costed out 14 planes at $237 million dollars, according to a Budd aide. It looks like politics,  Budd said in a phone interview with Breitbart News on Monday.  Why are they sending it to someone that s produced zero, for twice the price? This is inappropriate. Later this week, Budd and several other GOP congressmen are planning to request the non-partisan investigation.It is not just Republicans puzzled by the matter. Georgia Democrat Sanford Bishop will join Republicans in signing a letter being sent to the Kenyan ambassador to the U.S. on Tuesday.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
19112,OBAMA’S DOJ SUED Michigan City To Allow MEGA-MOSQUE In Majority Christian Residential Neighborhood…Call Jeff Sessions NOW To Stop This Insanity,"There is only ONE WAY to STOP this mosque from being built against the wishes of citizens in this RESIDENTIAL area, whose citizens are comprised of mostly Christian refugees that fled from Iraq to escape persecution at the hands of Muslims in their homeland: Call the US DOJ and ask our new Attorney General Jeff Sessions to review this case TODAY and ask the DOJ to STOP the mega-mosque from being built: 202-514-2000 A city of 130,000 people in southeastern Michigan is under the gun of Islamic pressure following its denial of a mega-mosque in a residential neighborhood populated largely by Christian refugees who fled Islamic persecution in Iraq.Sterling Heights already has two mosques, but a third, the American Islamic Community Center, applied for a permit and was rejected after it was determined its proposed use was incompatible with the residential area. Too much traffic, too little parking, the city planning commission decided by a 9-0 vote against the mosque in September 2015.But in December, the mosque sued the city and the Obama Justice Department joined in, claiming the real reason the mosque was denied was because the city was caving to anti-Muslim bigotry in the community. Now, a settlement deal is headed to the Sterling Heights City Council on Tuesday evening. If the council votes to sign the deal, it could be very costly for the city.Watch the attorney for the mosque developers call the reasons these mostly Christian refugees from Iraq are in opposition to a mosque being built its their residential neighborhood  fake :Local residents fear it s a bad deal, something similar to the Obama DOJ-orchestrated deal forced upon nearby Pittsfield Township, Michigan, last year. That town had to pay out $1.7 million to local Muslims to whom it had denied a permit for an Islamic school, and township employees were ordered to undergo sensitivity training to assure they never again discriminate against Muslims.Attorney General Jeff Sessions could cancel any similar deal from taking effect in Sterling Heights, but only if he is aware of it and acts quickly. If the city council is found to be cooperating with the Obama DOJ staff who are expediting this consent order to stick it to the Sessions/Trump team, then this city will go nuts,  said Dick Manaserri, spokesman for Secure Michigan, a group formed to educate the public on Shariah law and how it differs from American law.In last November s presidential election, Donald Trump carried Sterling Heights, normally a Democratic Party stronghold, by 56 to 44 percent over Hillary Clinton. He also carried Macomb County, home to Sterling Heights and also a Democratic-oriented county.But Trump s new AG, Sessions, is apparently not yet fully in control of the Justice Department, which includes many holdovers from the Obama administration. Why else would Jeff Sessions not dismiss the Obama DOJ lawsuit against Sterling Heights?  Manaserri asks.  We have been told by legal experts that he has the power to simply dismiss the lawsuit. A consent order typically implies wrongdoing with the application of penalties. When the planning commission denied the mosque permit in September 2015, hundreds of Sterling Heights residents gathered outside City Hall to celebrate. That celebration was caught on video, and critics cited it as evidence the city was somehow biased against Muslims. Tom Mitchell is a resident of Sterling Heights whose family has been there since 1965. He s seen the city s transformation over the past couple of decades under the control of what he calls  progressives.  He avoids the world  Democrat  because the city s elections are technically nonpartisan. I feel that with the left taking over, they are destroying this community. I don t want to become another Dearborn or a Hamtramck. And our elected officials are enabling this takeover,  he said.Hamtramck, just a few miles south of Sterling Heights, became the nation s first city with a Muslim-majority city council in 2016, and a large portion of Dearborn resembles a Middle Eastern country with signs in Arabic and women walking the streets with their faces veiled.He said it s not a matter of discrimination. Churches have been denied building projects in the past because their sites were too close to residential housing. They didn t get the federal government to sue the city; they simply picked another site. I truly believe this one man, Mr. Sessions, has the power to throw out any consent decree that was engineered by Obama s Department of Justice. That is our hope,  Mitchell said.  In fact, I know of hundreds of us who are praying for that opportunity to get it in Jeff Sessions  hands, before Tuesday night, because once it s signed, how do you overturn that? Signing it is tantamount to a consent that we re a bunch of bigots here in Sterling Heights. Calls to Sessions  press office went unanswered Monday as all federal offices were closed for President s Day. A stinger in the eye  of Iraqi Christians in Sterling HeightsMitchell said he and others are trying to get the word out in the community that the Tuesday council meeting will include an agenda item on a proposed settlement to the lawsuit.But the city council did not publish its Tuesday-night agenda in the local legal newspaper, the weekly Sterling Heights Sentry, and it didn t put a notice on its official website until late Friday. We just found out about this, so we ve been rushing to try to put together an opposition to stop the city from signing this document, which is an admission of guilt to something we don t think we committed,  Mitchell said.  As a local resident, I m gonna say we don t discriminate in Sterling Heights. We ve already got two mosques, a Sikh temple, a Buddhist temple and many other diverse houses of worship, so for this city to be called discriminatory is unbelievable. The unfortunate thing is, they want to plop it right in the middle of a Chaldean Christian neighborhood,  Mitchell added.  Somebody planned that. Somebody is seeking to put a stinger in someone s eye. Dr. Ramsay Dass, M.D., president of the American Middle East Christian Congress, said he is not so concerned about another mosque being built in Sterling Heights. He s more concerned about the big picture of political pressure being placed on small cities by an out-of-control federal bureaucracy using coercive tactics. As an American citizen, they are entitled to build a mosque, but I do not believe in making laws that small cities and towns cannot fight politically or financially,  Dass told WND.The federal law being used to coerce cities into approving mosques, even when the mosque is in a residential neighborhood, is the Religion Land Use and Institutional Persons Act, or RELUIPA, which was passed by Congress in 2000.As WND has reported, the Obama administration used this law increasingly against communities denying mosques and less against those denying the construction of churches.Nahren Anweya is a spokesperson for the persecuted Middle Eastern Christians living in Michigan. She has appeared on Fox News and spoken at congressional hearings on Christian persecution in the Middle East. Her family has been living in Michigan since they escaped Iraq in 1989. She said Sterling Heights is home to the nation s second largest Chaldean Catholic community of Iraqi Christians. They thought they found a safe haven, only to find out their ancient nemesis, the Middle Eastern Sunni Muslims, were being resettled in the same county and wanted to build a mosque right in the middle of their neighborhood.Most Iraqi Christians are either Chaldean Catholic or members of an even more ancient Christian sect, the Assyrian Church of the East. The Assyrians speak Aramaic, the language of Jesus. My family they re pretty patriotic American Assyrian Christians. Both of my great-grandfathers were crucified by Muslims literally on a cross,  Anweya told WND.  And that was because they were proud Christians, my great-grandfather used to walk around with a large gold cross around his neck, we never tried to hide it. So to see those ancient persecutors not only showing up in Macomb County en masse, but building a mosque on top of the Chaldean neighborhood, is  traumatizing,  Anweya said. While we are living in our safe haven, to allow a mosque to be built where we are is like putting us back to Iraq. We left everything behind to start from scratch, and then watching it follow us, this is traumatizing,  she said.  There are so many Muslim countries who could take these Muslim refugees, but they send them here. If we were treated fairly in their countries, then I would say let them build as many mosques as they want, but that day is far from reality. She said Muslim leaders don t believe in equality, and anything they say on that level is mere pandering to gullible local Christians. They don t believe in equality, even if they say they do,  she said.  Show me a Muslim country where Christians are treated 100 percent equal. Why is Christianity being degraded in every Muslim country? In 2003, we were 1.3 million Christians in Iraq, and that is where Christianity began and thrived, and now these are people who would be beheaded for their Christian faith. So, she said, the Assyrian and Chaldean communities have news for the Islamic centers that wish to build in their midst: These people are not going to give up their Christian faith,  Anweya said.  Where a nation is most vulnerable, is when they are not even calling themselves Christian anymore, that s the most dangerous I believe. When the sword is placed to your neck it s too late,  she added.  The Christians from Iraq, we are not building churches in Dearborn, so why are they building mosques in Sterling Heights? If we started building churches in Dearborn, I think you would see a few protests coming from them. Read more at:WND ",0
19113,30 WORKERS FIRED For Skipping Work To Protest On Behalf Of Illegal Immigrants…Calls Employer Who Fired Them A “Racist” [VIDEO],"The owner of a masonry business in Colorado is speaking out about his decision to fire more than 30 employees who did not show up for work in support of last week s  Day Without Immigrants  protest.Jim Serowski, the owner of JVS Masonry, told CNN in an interview on Sunday he did nothing wrong and said he warned his employees about the consequences of joining in the protest movement before they actually took the day off.Serowski said he told his employees,  If you re going to stand up for what you believe in you have to be willing to pay the price. On Saturday, Serowski also spoke to his local CBS News affiliate in Denver after one employee made an allegation that his termination felt like racism. Serowski denied the decision to terminate the workers was in any way racially motivated and said he made the decision because the employees violated the company s policy about not showing up to work. He said the decision put his company in a real bind because he had to shutdown two job sites on Thursday due to the protest and he is now risks missing an important construction deadline. They were told, if you no-call-no-show, you don t have a job,  Serowski told the news station.  It s that simple. ",0
19114,"LEFTIST MEDIA DESTROYED Mike Flynn, Cracked Jokes After Horrible LIE Obama’s National Security Advisor Told Media, Families Of Benghazi Victims [VIDEO]","Fun fact: While Trump press secretary Sean Spicer fielded 55 questions on February 14 related to the Flynn debacle, Obama s press secretary Jay Carney received only 13 questions from reporters on September 12, 2012, three of which were set-ups to blast Mitt Romney s criticism of the administration after the attack. 55 to 13.So as we now suffer through yet another patch of media mania, conspiracy theories, and unsubstantiated claims about how Trump hearts Russia, as well as the daily beatings endured by Spicer, let s reminisce to when the media and Obama s press flaks spun, deflected even joked about golf and  Saturday Night Live! less than a week after Benghazi.Buried deep beneath the Michael Flynn hysteria this week was Judicial Watch s release of newly obtained State Department documents related to the Benghazi terrorist attack on September 11, 2012. One email confirms again that the Obama administration knew the day after the attack it was not a random act of violence stemming from an anti-Muslim video. That was the excuse shamefully propagated by top Obama administration officials (including the president himself) and swallowed whole by a media establishment desperate to help Obama win re-election six weeks later.According to the summary of a call on September 12, 2012 between State Department Under-Secretary Patrick Kennedy and several congressional staffers, Kennedy was asked if the attack came under cover of protest:  No this was a direct breaching attack,  he answered. Kennedy also denied the attack was coordinated with the protests in Cairo over the video:  Attack in Cairo was a demonstration. There were no weapons shown or used. A few cans of spray paint. But of course nothing matches the audacity of trope by Obama s National Security Advisor Susan Rice on September 16, 2012. Rice went on several Sunday shows to peddle a story she knew was completely phony, one that was already quickly unraveling even as most in the media and administration tried to keep it intact.Rice repeats the line that Benghazi attack was not premediated and was connected to the demonstrations in Cairo over the video (a document obtained by Judicial Watch last year shows Hillary Clinton met with Rice a few days before her television appearances). Which presidential administration is fact-challenged, again?In a press gaggle on Air Force One the next day, guess how many times Deputy Press Secretary Josh Earnest was asked about Rice s comments? Ten? Five? One? Not once. Let me repeat that. The day after Obama s national security advisor was on five news programs to blame a terrorist attack on a YouTube video, not one reporter asked the White House about it. I actually had to re-read the transcripts several times, even checking the date over and over, to make sure this was accurate. Her name did not even come up.No discussion about the investigation. No discussion about emerging evidence from around the world that Benghazi was indeed a terrorist attack. (The only time it was mentioned was when Jen Psaki criticized Mitt Romney s comments about how the administration handled Benghazi and questioned whether he was ready for  primetime. )Here s what they did discuss: Debate prep, Occupy Wall Street, and the Chicago s teachers strike. An actual human reporter asked this:  It was a beautiful weekend for golf and he wasn t out on the course. Is it safe to assume maybe he was doing some preparation at the White House?  WHAT? Then they joked about football and  Saturday Night Live.   The FederalistWatch here as Susan Rice intentionally lies her way around the different TV networks and Trey Gowdy blasts the double standard of our media:Here is US Ambassador to the UN, who was elevated to Obama s National Security Advisor after she lied to the media and to the American people about Benghazi protests being sparked by a video. Watch Susan Rice explain how she has no regrets about lying about the reason for the deaths of 4 Americans in Benghazi:Watch here as Susan Rice s promotion to National Security Advisor is explained:",0
19115,TUCKER CARLSON Defends Trump On Sweden Comment That The Left Went Nuts Over! [Video], ,0
19116,"WOW! “‘HALEY’S’ COMET” Just COLLIDED With Hypocritical, Anti-Israel, Terror-Nation Supporting U.N.…And The Results Were Spectacular! [VIDEO]","Trump s new UN Ambassador Nikki Haley just held her first press conference following the UN Security Council s monthly meeting on Middle East issues, and this was NO ordinary press conference. After watching this video, it s easy to see why President Trump chose her to represent the US in hopes of redefining our support for democracy in the Middle East, while identifying nations who support terrorism. Here s an excerpt of her speech to the press:   The Security Council just finished its regular monthly meeting on Middle East issues. It s the first meeting like that that I ve attended, and I have to say it was a bit strange. The Security Council is supposed to discuss how to maintain international peace and security. But in our meeting on the Middle East, the discussion was not about Hezbollah s illegal build up of rockets in Lebanon. It was not about the money and weapons Iran supplies to terrorists. It was not about how we defeat ISIS.  It was not about how we hold Bashar Assad accountable for the slaughter of hundreds and thousands of civilians. No, instead the meeting focused on criticizing Israel, the one true democracy in the Middle East. I am new around here, but I understand that s how the council has operated month after month for decades. I am here to say the United States will not turn a blind eye to this anymore. I am here to underscore the iron-clad support of the United States for Israel. A star is born is our reaction to the first press briefing by President Trump s new ambassador at the United Nations. The ex-governor of South Carolina was ridiculed by the Left when the president first sent her nomination up to the Hill, owing to her alleged lack of foreign policy chops. She certainly rang the wake up gong for that crowd this morning, after emerging from her first Security Council monthly meeting devoted to the Middle East. Tough as nails but with a smile and a layer of Southern charm.The ambassador had just come from the regular monthly Security Council on Middle East issues. She said it was her first such meeting, and  it was a bit strange.  The Security Council, she said, is supposed to discuss how to maintain international peace and security. But the meeting, she said, was not about Hezbollah s illegal buildup of rockets in Lebanon, it was not about the money and weapons Iran provides to terrorists, it was not how we defeat ISIS, it was not how we hold Beshar al-Assad accountable for the slaughter of thousands of civilians. No,  she said,  instead the meeting focused on criticizing Israel, the one true democracy in the Middle East. I am new around here, but I understand that s how the Council has operated month after month for decades. I am here to say the United States will not turn a blind eye to this anymore. I am here to underscore to the ironclad support of the United States for Israel. I am here to emphasize that the United States is determined to stand up to the U.N. s anti-Israel bias. The ambassador made clear that the Trump administration will not support the kind of resolution from which the Obama administration s ambassador   Samantha Power   shamefully abstained, though Mrs. Haley was too polite to name the humiliated Ms. Power.  The outrageously biased resolutions from the Security Council and the General Assembly only make peace harder to attain by discouraging one of the parties from going to the negotiating table. Incredibly,  Mrs. Haley said,  the U.N. department of political affairs has an entire division devoted entirely to Palestinian affairs. Imagine that. There is no division devoted to illegal missile launches form North Korea. There is no division devoted to the world s number one state sponsor of terror, Iran. The prejudiced approach to Israeli-Palestinian issues does the peace process no favors, and it bears no relationship to the reality of the world around us. The double standards are breathtaking. The ambassador warned that it is  the U.N. s anti-Israel bias that is long overdue for change,  and said America will not hesitate to speak out in defense of its friend in Israel. All this was going on while the press was questioning President Trump on what he was going to do about anti-Semitism. If his ambassador to the world body is any example, the answer is plenty. She has the principles of a Daniel Patrick Moynihan, the grit of a John Bolton, and the star power of a Jeane Kirkpatrick, and in her first press briefing she certainly made her point.   Editorial of The New York Sun",0
19117,HILARIOUS! LIBERALS STUNNED When Republican Guest Won’t Play Race-Baiting Game With MSNBC Host…Cuts Off Interview [VIDEO],"On Saturday, MSNBC s Joy Reid repeatedly attempted to race-bait former Republican congressman J.D. Hayworth on her show AM Joy. NewsBusters reported that the claims that Reid threw at Hayworth ranged from  false to misleading. Joy started out by asking if Hayworth had any  discomfort  that an  undocumented  woman walked into a courtroom to file a protection order against an abusive boyfriend (no mention of his residency status) and was met with ICE agents who arrested her (The job of an ICE agent is to arrest people who illegally cross our borders). An alternative version would be: A woman who has broken our laws, and living in our country ILLEGALLY, was arrested after walking into a courthouse to ask for the same protections afforded to taxpaying US citizens, after it was discovered that she is also a lawbreaker.However it wasn t until Hayworth exposed Reid s liberal hypocrisy by bringing up the fact that Elizabeth Warren is not Native-American that Reid flipped out and kicked the GOP guest off the show.",0
19118,AWESOME! HISPANIC TRUMP SUPPORTER Rips Into Pro-Sanctuary City Officials: “I’m a hard core TRUMP supporter” [Video], ,0
19119,CHARLIE DANIELS WARNS LIBERALS: Knock It Off Or “There Will Be Blood In The Streets!”,"Over a century ago, the United States of America went through a divisive and bloody Civil War that separated the people of this nation bone from marrow. It split friends, families and eventually the nation itself as a line was drawn dividing the Union States of the North from the newly formed Confederacy of the Southern States.Ostensibly, the war that followed was fought over the abolition of slavery, a devilish practice that never should have been allowed in the first place, and although it was the basic issue for the conflict   as is the case so much of the time   there were a myriad of other issues involved.One   in my opinion   was just plain stubbornness and pride and the dogged determination that the South would not let itself be told what to do by the other half of the country, but trade, tariffs and different attitudes and beliefs about just how far a federal government could go in setting the tone and making laws to be obeyed by all the states were also involved.The point I m trying to make is that the feelings festered so long and ran so deep that men whose fathers had stood shoulder to shoulder in the war for independence faced off across fields of battle and killed each other.The Civil War never should have happened, and had cooler heads prevailed on both sides, never would have. Southerners had to know that slavery was an abomination to the principles they had fought and died for in the Revolution.No man has the right to own another man, to reap the fruits of his labor for nothing, to consider his children nothing more than commodities to be sold off or traded away on a whim, separating families and breeding human beings like livestock.But instead of acknowledging the very obvious evil of this situation, politicians from the South, convinced that the economy of the Southern States was dependent on slavery, chose to become a separate nation and soon after over six hundred thousand Americans lost their lives in a senseless war that would set the Southern States back a half century.Surely, had it been approached by fair, level-headed men on both sides of the issue, abolition could have been achieved without war. But the rhetoric grew ever hotter. Brash young men on both sides, who had never fired a gun in anger, viewed a war as the pinnacle of romanticism, and implacable politicians refused to give an inch. Is this not the same attitude we see on the streets of America today?I see young people interviewed on television who can t even articulate the reason they are protesting. Others bent on destruction who probably espouse no cause but chaos.I ve seen hysterical protestors screaming about First Amendment rights which they seem to think only protect them and those who think like them and that the opposition has no First Amendment protection and should be shouted down at all costs.The rhetoric is becoming hotter and more nonsensical, the radical element more apparent, the violence and destruction of property more common place.The pot is boiling and it s only a matter of time before there will be blood on the streets.Americans have the right to civil disobedience, a right to gather and demonstrate against some policy they feel is unfair or harmful to the country at large, but they do not have the right to interrupt commerce, break windows, burn cars or do bodily harm to those who disagree with them.People who won t listen to reason, who ignore the law of the land and who try to stifle the opinions of others tend to forget that there is an element of violence on the other side as well, a side that, thankfully, so far has not yet come forth.But, should these conditions continue, someday soon the violent elements of both persuasions will find themselves on the same streets, and what will ensue will not be pretty.Learn from history, or repeat it.What do you think?Pray for our troops, our police and the peace of Jerusalem.God Bless America  Charlie DanielsCharlie Daniels is a legendary American singer, song writer, guitarist, and fiddler famous for his contributions to country and southern rock music. Daniels has been active as a singer since the early 1950s. He was inducted into the Grand Ole Opry on January 24, 2008.",0
19120,WATCH THE FIREWORKS! NAACP President FREAKS When He’s Asked If He’d “Be Okay With A Congressional White Caucus? [VIDEO],"Watch NAACP s Cornell William Brooks, who was at loss for words Thursday after he was asked a hypothetical question about allowing a Congressional White Caucus to be formed during a debate on CNN s Anderson Cooper 360.The racially charged exchange began during a discussion of President Trump having asked an African-American reporter from a black-focused new radio outlet if she knew the leadership of the Congressional Black CaucusThe best part of the video comes when Cornell William Brooks DEMANDS an apology from Lord for using KKK member David Duke to make a perfectly logical analogy of how dividing our lawmakers down racial lines could get very ugly if it s allowed to continue. Frankly I used to think the Congressional Black Caucus, when it was first formed, was a good thing,  Lord began.  I changed my mind on this. I don t think there should be any caucuses in the House of Representatives that are divided by race. I mean, heaven forbid, if David Duke got elected and wanted to form a Congressional White Caucus, that would be appalling,  he said, explaining his change of heart. Sir, Jeffrey, that is I m looking for a word here. Beyond it s completely preposterous. To compare the Klan to the Congressional Black Caucus,  Brooks smilingly replied, visibly upset by the analogy his fellow panelist drew. You would be okay with a Congressional White Caucus? Really?  Lord shot back, interrupting Brooks  explanation of the Black Caucus s purpose.  I didn t say that,  was Brook s immediate reply.  Daily Caller ",0
19121,AWESOME RANT By African-American Woman Who’s FED UP: “Sanctuary cities are racist!”,"You will love, love, love this passionate lady! She gets it!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Zs6IMuee98",0
19122,"“MIC DROP!” A Lady Approached Sheriff Clarke, Told Him To “Take His Hat Off”…His Response To Her Was EPIC!","Here is his epic response to her criticism: Lady came up, told me I should take this hat off. Told her she should go get her money back for her ugly haircut. That ended THAT! Mic drop! Lady came up, told me I should take this hat off. Told her she should go get her money back for her ugly haircut. That ended THAT! Mic drop! pic.twitter.com/SfQQDMNi9V  David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) February 17, 2017",0
19123,TRUMP WAS RIGHT About CNN Being “Very Fake News”: Federal Judge Rules Against CNN In “FAKE NEWS” Case…May Have Acted With “Actual Malice”,"Everyone laughing after Trump rebranded CNN as #VeryFakeNews. Then they go on their networks saying how ""dangerous"" and ""not funny"" it was   pic.twitter.com/d3IiaVh5VL  Asa J   (@asamjulian) February 17, 2017Those who accuse CNN and other mainstream media outlets of  fake news  will probably revel in a recent decision by a federal judge in Atlanta, Georgia. While Judge Orinda Evans didn t all out declare that CNN was peddling in falsehoods, she did take aim at the network in an initial judgment in favor of a former hospital CEO who sued CNN accusing them of purposely skewing statistics to reflect poorly on a West Palm Beach hospital. Judge Evans didn t mince words in her 18-page order allowing the case to move forward, and dismissing CNN s attempt to get it thrown out of court.Davide Carbone, former CEO of St. Mary s Medical Center in West Palm Beach, filed a defamation lawsuit against CNN after they aired what he claims were a  series of false and defamatory news reports  regarding the infant mortality rate at the hospital. CNN s report said the mortality rate was three times the national average. However, Mr. Carbone contends that CNN  intentionally  manipulated statistics to bolster their report. He also claims that CNN purposely ignored information that would look favorable to the hospital in order to sensationalize the story. In our case, we contended that CNN essentially made up its own standard in order to conduct an  apples to oranges  comparison to support its false assertion that St. Mary s mortality rate was 3 times higher than the national average. Accordingly, the case against CNN certainly fits the description of media-created  Fake News.  said Carbone s attorney L. Lin Wood, in a statement to LawNewz.com.Wood says that as a result of CNN s story Carbone lost his job and it became extremely difficult for him to find new employment in the field of hospital administration. False and defamatory accusations against real people have serious consequences. Neither St. Mary s or Mr. Carbone did anything to deserve being the objects of the heinous accusation that they harmed or put babies and young children at risk for profit,  Wood said.On Wednesday, Federal District Judge Orinda Evans ruled that the case could move forward, even ruling that she found that CNN may have acted with  actual malice  with the report   a standard necessary to prove a defamation claim. The Court finds these allegations sufficient to establish that CNN was acting recklessly with regard to the accuracy of its report, i.e., with  actual malice,  the order reads. CNN had tried to get the case dismissed.  LawNewz",0
19124,"STUDENTS AT MAJOR UNIVERSITY: Black Students, Including Inmates Should Get FREE Tuition, Room And Board…Check Out Who’s NOT Included","Description advertising racist wear from Facebook:  White folk or those who see themselves as white are given said power inherently regardless of socioeconomic class, education etc. This is why white men created race in the first place to maintain power. Racism gave birth to the idea of race. This is a [sic] oversimplified definition Fast forward to today, where the student government at the University of Wisconsin-Madison said on Wednesday that black students should be offered free tuition and housing because blacks were legally barred from education during slavery and university remains out of reach for black students today.The Associated Students of Madison said in a resolution that suburban high school students are over-represented. The group said consideration of ACT and SAT scores in applications upholds  white supremacy  because it restricts opportunities for the poor.The college has proposed measures aimed at improving diversity.So what about Native Americans? What about Asians, Hispanics, refugees, Eskimos, European immigrants, descendants of the holocaust who died before we entered the fight?  And what about  the Irish who were treated horribly by other immigrants right here in America, after fleeing their homeland to escape the potato famine? What about descendants of Salem Witch trials? What about families who lost their primary bread winner fighting for our nation overseas, or as a first responder? Are they not worthy of a FREE education? What about poor white people? You know, there is such a thing. Despite what these snowflakes and their radical leftist educators would like you to believe, there are actually white families who struggle to make ends meet and live in ghettos or dirt-poor rural areas. Where does it stop? And who gets to decide that the only protected and special group who  deserves  a FREE college education are blacks? The proposal calls for 10 percent of donations from the college to bolster financial aid and study the feasibility of test-optional and geographically weighted admissions.Madison enrollment is currently made up of about two-percent of black students.University spokeswoman Meredith McGlone noted that the proportion of  students of color  has grown from 11 percent to 15 percent over the last decade.McGlone said the Chancellor proposed giving first-generation transfers from two-year schools free tuition for a year, contingent on funding in state budget, and a recent $10 million donation will be invested in expanding the Chancellor s Scholarship Program.-FOX News",0
19125,YOUNG MAN DELIVERS POWERFUL Message To Liberals: “Put down your fists…Take off your masks…If you do not change…you’re going to lose” [VIDEO],"Wow! This young Asian student nails it! He speaks for every American who has been a victim of Obama s failed government experiment. The Left has turned our world upside down and many people in America believe that we are very close to a civil war. This brilliant young Asian student warns the Left to turn back now, warning them it s  a line you don t want to cross.  He blames them for  normalizing violence  and completely ignoring the rule of law as a way to threaten people who don t agree with you.Here is a part of his message that can be seen in the video below: Once you cross that line, you re starting a war you cannot win. You think you re so big and powerful. Step out of your bubble. Step out of the liberal cities, and look at the rest of the country. You re outnumbered, outmanned and outgunned. You cannot win this if it turns violent. If you normalize violence, if violence is okay, you cannot win. You can win by reaching out to conservatives. Talk to them. Talk to  Trump supporters and ask them why they believe what they believe and maybe, maybe you ll find common ground. Maybe you might even convince us to adopt your positions. Who knows? Put down your fists. Take off your masks. Fight with your words, not sticks and stones. Because if you do not change, you re going to lose. You need us on your side. You need to convince us why you re right. You cannot divide us. You need us on your side because Generation Z, the kids that are growing up and being born right now, they re projected to be the most conservative generation in decades, more conservative than your grandparents. These kids are growing up on the internet. The future s in their hands, and they re on our side. So unless you change your ways you ve already lost.   ",0
19126,"THE TEA PARTY IS MAKING A COMEBACK! Conservatives Reorganize…Mobilize To Fight Back Against Rent-A-Mob Democrats, Hold Congress Accountable [VIDEO]","As liberal protesters step up confrontations with Republican lawmakers, leaders of the original Tea Party movement that wrote the book on those tactics are reassembling their political army   dispatching activists to push a conservative agenda that includes tax reform and dismantling ObamaCare.FreedomWorks, Tea Party Patriots and other groups are looking to keep pressure on GOP lawmakers to keep their 2016 campaign promises, and not buckle in the face of rowdy town hall protesters angry about the prospect of repealing the Affordable Care Act. A lot of people were elected to Congress based on bold promises about ObamaCare, tax reform and regulatory reform,  Noah Wall, FreedomWorks  national director of campaigns, told Fox News.  We have to hold them to campaign promises, keep up the momentum and the energy. It s time to get off the bench and get this to work. FreedomWorks plans to mobilize its network of grassroots organizations and unite with the Tea Party Patriots on March 15 for a  Day of Action  on Capitol Hill that will include a rally and visits to members of Congress.The group will follow up with a  Month of Action,  set to include members driving constituents to congressional district offices and larger-scale rallies across the country to amplify their fiscally conservative message.Wall says his group and its supporters want to capitalize on Republicans now controlling Congress and the White House, and achieve long-awaited policy objectives. If successful, their efforts could mark a revival of the eight-year-old Tea Party movement   a political revolt against big government under then-President Obama that crested with Republicans  historic 2010 House takeover. Tea Party Patriots national coordinator Jenny Beth Martin on Wednesday said the upcoming Capitol Hill events are to  make sure Republicans stay focused on repealing ObamaCare  and her group will follow up with its own busy month   including daily, micro-focused activities like  Message Monday  and  Tweet Tuesday. She bristled at the suggestion the Tea Party movement has emerged from hibernation, arguing it was instrumental over the past several election cycles in helping Republicans take control of the House, Senate and then the White House. We are not dead, and we have never gone away,  Martin told Fox News.  There s a time to be active in campaigns, a time to have our voices heard and a time to stand up and be heard by members of Congress.   They need to know we are not going away.   FOX News",0
19127,FOX NEWS’ SHEPARD SMITH Has Liberal Meltdown Over Trump Press Conference [VIDEO]…#FireShepardSmith,"Like Megyn Kelly, who lost her supporters when she became obsessed with destroying Donald Trump, it s time for Shepard Smith to go. Let s face it, he would be much better suited for the small audiences of liberal viewers on CNN or MNSBC.It s time to go Shep and today s rant is a perfect example of why:Clip: @ShepNewsTeam sticks up for CNN's Jim @Acosta   & went further  pic.twitter.com/iITXqAzXXF  johnny dollar (@johnnydollar01) February 16, 2017Remember the time Shepard Smith cut off his guest s mic when they attempted to tie Black Lives Matter to the kidnapping and torture of the young special needs white man by 4 young black thugs?It s not the first time Hillary supporter Shepard Smith went off on an anti-Trump tangent. Watch him go off on Trump here and tell him what he needs to do to win the election. Great advice Shep. I guess it s pretty clear Trump didn t need your advice. LOL!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcaoVuTvvoE",0
19128,"OOPS! Media Forgot Ted Kennedy Asked Russia To Intervene In Election, Help Defeat Ronald Reagan","In 1991 a reporter for the London Times found a very interesting memorandum composed in 1983 by Victor Chebrikov, the top man in the KGB.  The memo was addressed to Yuri Andropov, the top man in the USSR.  The subject: Sen. Edward KennedyThe memorandum reads in part:  On 9-10 May of this year, Sen. Edward Kennedy s close friend and trusted confidant [John] Tunney was in Moscow.  The senator charged Tunney to convey the following message, through confidential contacts, to the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, Y. Andropov. The message included an offer to visit Moscow  The main purpose of the meeting, according to the senator, would be to arm Soviet officials with explanations regarding problems of nuclear disarmament so they may be better prepared and more convincing during appearances in the USA.   Kennedy was offering to help Soviet Russia deal with President Reagan, by telling them how to paint their propaganda picture.Via Forbes: The document,  Kengor continues,  has stood the test of time. I scrutinized it more carefully than anything I ve ever dealt with as a scholar. I showed the document to numerous authorities who deal with Soviet archival material. No one has debunked the memorandum or shown it to be a forgery. Kennedy s office did not deny it. As part of the deal, Kennedy promised to make sure that certain American news networks gave Andropov air time and would go soft on him while still making it look like true journalism.Why would Kennedy do this, you might ask? Tunney remarked that the senator wants to run for president in 1988,  the memorandum continued.  Kennedy does not discount that during the 1984 campaign, the Democratic Party may officially turn to him to lead the fight against the Republicans and elect their candidate president. So apparently, if a democratic senator actually seeks out help from Soviet Russia to beat his opponent, that s ok, but if a Republican cabinet member so much as has contacts in Russia, the gloves come off.(Source: Forbes)",0
19129,"OUCH! Leftist Hollywood Just Got Schooled By One Of Their Own…Actor Writes Scathing Letter, Suggests Hollywood Invites Un-vetted Refugees, Illegal Alien Criminals To Oscar Ceremony, Parties",Here is actor Robert John Davi s brilliant letter that exposes the utter hypocrisy of the left:,0
19130,HOLY MOLY! TRUMP GIVES EPIC News Conference…SLAYS PRESS…Dresses Down CNN…”Your Ratings Are Lower Than Congress…Network Is All About “Hate” [VIDEO],"During Trump s press conference today, Jim Acosta of CNN bombarded him with one question after another. Trump responded to his dishonest network by calling out the  HATRED and VENOM  he constantly sees on CNN. Acosta pressed on and asked yet another question. Trump responded:  We do have other people and your ratings aren t as good as the others.  Trump told Acosta,  I think you would do much better by being different. I m not ranting and raving. I m just telling you your dishonest people. I m changing it from  fake news  to  very fake news.'  Acosta asked Trump if he is undermining news by calling it  fake news?  Trump response was perfect, as he replied,  I know what s good and I know what s bad, because I m there. So it s very important to me. I want to see an honest press. It s very important to the public to get an honest press. If you were straight and really told it like it was, I would be your biggest fan if you treated me right, including negative stories about me. But when story after story about me is bad, I won! You ve got to be a little bit fair. But when you take a look at some of your stories, and the bias and the hatred. The public is smart and they see it. The whole Russian thing it s a ruse ",0
19131,COLLEGE STUDENT’S UNDERCOVER VIDEO GETS HIM SUSPENDED! Professor Calls Election Of Trump ‘AN ACT OF TERRORISM’ [VIDEO],THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS! YOU WON T BELIEVE THIS!,0
19132,CLASS ACT! WATCH THE TODAY SHOW’S MATT LAUER Get Shot Down By Trump’s Friend New England Patriots Owner Bob Craft [Video], ,0
19133,IN ORDER FOR TRUMP TO “Drain The Swamp” He’s Going To Have Take On The Alligators…And Here’s How [VIDEO],"President Donald Trump is a man in a hurry. Throughout his campaign he laid out his priorities. He s a man who likes to get things done and is intent on keeping his promises. We ve seen this before. But draining a swamp is never easy.As President Trump begins the process of implementing commitments and draining the swamp through his executive orders and legislative initiatives, he needs to clearly understand that the swamp will undoubtedly fight back.Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer has already slow-rolled the confirmation process of the President s new cabinet.The angry left has mobilized and encouraged protestors to attempt to create the impression that his new policies lack public support.Even some Republicans are proving to be less than helpful. These actions were all expected. Candidate Trump got a taste of this opposition during his campaign.What is conceivably new and maybe somewhat unexpected in terms of its scale and impact is the fourth branch of the U.S. government   the bureaucracy.Perhaps the most glaring example of the power of the bureaucracy was the decision by his acting Attorney General to refuse to defend the President s Executive Order on a refugee pause as new enhanced vetting protocols from seven countries were developed.The swamp now has officially claimed its first victim of the administration, Mike Flynn. Flynn made a mistake, no doubt about it. But he fell victim to the bureaucracy that was not fond of him or his reform agenda. It collected information secretively and then leaked it to a willing and eager media.Team Trump will soon see that this is just the tip of the iceberg. The federal bureaucracy is full of employees who do not share his world view. From Foggy Bottom to NOAA to the IRS, they have become increasingly politicized. The bureaucracy would be happy to undermine and  resist . Some have already begun and it will only get worse.President Trump must recognize this threat to his agenda. He needs to gather his team and get them on the field. The president has the ability to fill roughly 5,000 positions. While that number may seem massive, it pales in comparison to the almost three million workers in the fourth estate. Many if not most of who are committed to maintaining the status quo.Candidate Trump ran a clean and successful campaign that lasted about 18 months. If he expects to be a successful two-term president, he will need to build a strong core of supporters throughout the executive branch who share his same vision.Bringing change to Washington is complex.Newt Gingrich has advised President Trump. If you are determined to drain the swamp, beware of the alligators.Newt speaks from personal experience. He was a true transformational leader who confronted the status quo.The swamp fought back taking advantage of every  mistake  made by the former Speaker.The bottom line for Speaker Gingrich was that after four years, the swamp had claimed Newt Gingrich as its victim. And it then came creeping back.Balanced budgets and strong economic growth soon vanished. The bureaucracy and federal spending that fed it soon started rising again.If President Trump wants to truly transform America he will need loyal teammates to make it happen. He will need to run a tight ship. Yes, these alligators are relentless.No one should doubt what s at stake here. President Trump is serious about draining the swamp, and as we are currently witnessing, the swamp will surely fight back.Trump s team needs to find a way to improve quickly because if they don t, Mike Flynn will have been the first of many who will fall victim to the predatory swamp!   Former House Intelligence Chair, Pete Hoekstra, FOX News",0
19134,BOMBSHELL: Political Assassination Of Mike Flynn Reportedly Led By High-Level Obama Advisor Worried Hidden Details Of Iran Deal Will Be Exposed,"Much of the political world was shocked by the sudden resignation of National Security Adviser Mike Flynn from the administration of President Donald Trump, ostensibly the result of his having been exposed for having lied to Vice President Mike Pence about the content of a phone call Flynn had with a Russian ambassador before the inauguration, exposed by leaks from anonymous sources in the executive branch.According to a piece by Eli Lake of Bloomberg, however, that explanation for Flynn s unexpected departure only three weeks into the new administration has been viewed rather skeptically by some.Instead of simple miscommunications and alleged lies to cover such a mistake up, it is being surmised in some circles that Flynn just fell victim to a  political assassination  effort launched by holdovers and loyalists of the administration of former President Barack Obama. There does appear to be a well-orchestrated effort to attack Flynn and others in the administration,  explained California GOP Rep. Devin Nunes, chair of the House Permanent Select Intelligence Committee.  From the leaking of phone calls between the president and foreign leaders to what appears to be high-level FISA Court information, to the leaking of American citizens being denied security clearances, it looks like a pattern. Yesterday, CBS published a  timeline  that discredits Trump s former national security advisor General Mike Flynn. Hmmm did Ben Rhodes have anything to do with CBS News publishing this?Indeed, such was the message garnered by The Washington Free Beacon through interviews with multiple anonymous sources both inside and out of the White House in regard to former Obama administration officials and loyalists working quietly from within to sabotage and handicap Trump s agenda.It was believed that the effort to take down Flynn was led by former Obama adviser Ben Rhodes, largely due to Flynn s open opposition to the Iran nuclear deal and plans to expose the hidden details, a deal that Rhodes was instrumental in arranging and securing in 2015.The steady drip of leaks over the past weeks and months regarding Flynn s alleged ties to Russia are believed to have emanated from a veritable  task force  set up in the shadows of the administration, in the White House and assorted executive branch agencies, by Rhodes and others.One veteran of the national security advisory team told The Free Beacon it was  undeniable  that there had been a  campaign to discredit Flynn  that began even before the inauguration, one that seemed similar to the campaign to sell the Iran deal which  probably features the same cast of characters. The biggest problem is the American public s trust in the administration around the White House, sources told The Free Beacon. The larger issue that should trouble the American people is the far-reaching power of unknown, un-elected apparatchiks in the intelligence community deciding for themselves both who serves in government and what is an acceptable policy they will allow the elected representatives of the people to pursue,  the National Security Council official said. Put aside the issue of Flynn himself. That nameless, faceless bureaucrats were able to take out a president s national security adviser based on a campaign of innuendo without evidence should worry every American,  he added.Flynn has been a target of the left ever since he was forced out of the Obama administration and began to criticize the former president s policies. It was well-known among insiders that exposing the Iran deal was at the top of Flynn s agenda in the new administration. The Obama administration knew that Flynn was going to release the secret documents around the Iran deal, which would blow up their myth that it was a good deal that rolled back Iran,  a congressional aide with intimate knowledge of the fight over the Iran nuclear deal told The Free Beacon.  So in December, the Obama NSC started going to work with their favorite reporters, selectively leaking damaging and incomplete information about Flynn. After Trump was inaugurated some of those people stayed in and some began working from the outside, and they cooperated to keep undermining Trump,  the aide added, referencing the series of leaks from within the White House targeting Flynn and others.  Last night s resignation was their first major win, but unless the Trump people get serious about cleaning house, it won t be the last. Conservative Tribune",0
19135,JAPANESE SCHOOLS DON’T EMPLOY JANITORS…Why Americans Should Demand Our Schools Adopt The Same Policy [VIDEO],"Watch NPR employee and Afghanistan refugee (who was eventually arrested) join others as they block our newly appointed Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos from entering a school in DC on her first day on the job:Back in 2011, Newt Gingrich was running for president, and he proposed a radical idea to help schools cut costs: Fire the janitors and pay students to do the cleaning.Needless to say, the idea to turn students into moonlighting janitors had about as much support as Gingrich s presidential campaign.But ask Kim De Costa and she ll say there isn t anything radical about asking students to clean up after themselves. At her school, there are no janitors. Instead, students in grades 6-12 meet in teams once or twice a week to clean assigned areas.De Costa is the executive director of the Armadillo Technical Institute. It s a public charter school in Phoenix, Ore., a few miles from the California border.For 30 minutes after lunch, students sweep, mop, take out the trash and even clean the bathrooms   but responsibilities rotate so no one is stuck scrubbing toilets more than two or three times a year.De Costa says it s easy to encourage students to respect their environment when they re the ones responsible for preserving it. We really wanted a school where the students took ownership and made it their own,  says De Costa, who helped found ATI in 1999.The school still has maintenance staff for the difficult or dangerous work. But for the most part, students at ATI handle the daily upkeep. And with a little help from peer pressure, the school stays clean.Eden Cox, a 10th-grader, says that recently she had to confront a classmate after he left a mess behind.  I got on to him and said,  Can you please throw your trash away so I don t have to,    Cox recalls. After all, it s our school,  she says, with an emphasis on  our. Places like ATI that build cleanup into the curriculum are rare in the United States.But in Japan, there s a long tradition of students cleaning their own schools.There,  school is not just for learning from a book,  says Michael Auslin   a former English teacher in Japan.  It s about learning how to become a member of society and taking responsibility for oneself,  says Auslin, who is now a resident scholar and director of Japan studies at the American Enterprise Institute.To make cleaning easier, Japanese students put on slippers before entering the classroom to prevent dirt from being dragged into the room.Many Hands Make Light WorkAt Brentwood Academy outside Nashville, Tenn., keeping the school spick-and-span is just part of the daily routine for students.Each day before P.E., students at the private prep school report for 10 minutes of  clean-up  duty in their assigned areas.Susan Shafer, the school s director of communications, considers  clean-up  an additional component of the school s mission of educating the whole person. We re trying to train them for life,  says Shafer.  They re all going to go to college. No one is going to clean their dorm room for them. Maddie Jarrard, an 11th-grader, is responsible for dusting a classroom every day. She says even after sports games, Brentwood players are expected to stay behind to pick up any trash left in the stands. They re not only trying to keep the place clean,  says Jarrard, referring to Brentwood s staff.  But they re also trying to build character in each student. While some parents might balk at the idea of a school taking time away from class to make students push a broom, educators at both ATI and Brentwood both say that parents have shown overwhelming support.   NPR",0
19136,"TOMI LAHREN Blasts The Left For Attacking Trump’s Grandson…Yes, his GRANDSON! [Video]",https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1&v=NeqMSI6OR5Q,0
19137,"VIOLENT NPR EMPLOYEE Who Is Also A Refugee ARRESTED, Charged With ASSAULT For Blocking Betsy DeVos From Entering DC School","On Monday Politico reported that a protester who had blocked Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos from entering a school on Friday has been charged with assault for  impeding/assaulting US government cabinet member. The man has been identified as Bilal Ahmed Askaryar, a refugee from Afghanistan. Politico obtained the police report on the case.It turns out that refugee is also a contributor with NPR. As we ve mentioned last month, the Trump administration plans to slash funding for NPR, the publicly funded liberal news outlet.Police report from Politico:Below is the video from the incident on Friday where protesters prevented DeVos from entering the school. In the video you can also see Askaryar getting arrested for committing assault.Via: GP",0
19138,MUSLIM DEMOCRAT WOMAN Is Asked How She Feels About Trump’s Presidency: “If Arab countries can ban Muslim Brotherhood why can’t we?”,"Anila Ali was born in Karachi, Pakistan, and studied in London, where she became a volunteer in the All Pakistan Women s Association. In 1996, she came to California. She is an active member of the Council of Pakistan-American Affairs (COPAA), the author of  Mommy am I a ?  and a contributor to the largest Pakistani paper in the U.S., The Pakistan Link.Ali is the founder and board member of the American Muslim Women s Empowerment Council, which is the only Muslim women s organization that works on the ground with law enforcement and interfaith leaders to counter radicalization and build capacity in the Muslim community do they can be the first line of defense against radicalization.She graciously agreed to speak with Clarion Project Dialogue Coordinator Elliot Friedland about being a Muslim-American since the election. The views expressed herein are the author s own and do not necessarily reflect the view of Clarion Project. Ryan Mauro previously interviewed Anila Ali for Clarion Project.1. Clarion Project: Since Trump s election many Muslim groups are feeling scared that he will implement repressive policies targeted at the Muslim community. How do you feel about such fears?Anila Ali: There is a real fear in the community that a Trump presidency will mean restrictions on Muslims. There is talk of internment camps and it was in registry and that is generating a lot of misconceptions and fears. There is also a concern that Mosques and citizens will be monitored as well.Personally, I have faith in the constitution of the United States of America and I feel majority of America knows and understands that you cannot make generalized statements about all Muslims and paint all Muslims with the same brush stroke.But we have also realize that it is time that Muslims in America step up their game and get more involved in making sure that the neighbors understand who they are and that they are peace-loving patriotic Americans.For it is mostly the fear of the unknown that spreads misconceptions.2. Clarion: What should public figures be doing to calm inter-communal relations?Ali: Public figures, especially the ones in the majority party, have a responsibility to represent all Americans. Their words can help alleviate fears about Muslims and stop the Muslims from getting marginalized. Show of support unity with all unities that maybe feeling slightly marginalized, will help them from further isolation.The level of hateful rhetoric that I have heard in the past one month has been the worst since 911. It seems people have a newfound courage to tell  Muslims to leave the country,   pack up and leave the country  etc. Anti-Muslim sentiment is rampant and most people are not able to distinguish between a radical and a moderate.There is a general perception that all Muslims condone violence and that all Muslims want sharia law in America. There is also a very toxic perception that Muslims like myself who are any patriotic, modern and progressive are lying as mandated in the Quran to convert people, the concept being taqqiya. This notion must be dispelled because the majority of Muslims don t even know what this concept is. Muslims who have come from South Asia have no idea of this Arabic concept because it is part of the Wahhabi Salafist ideology and Muslims like me, majority coming from South Asia, have never even heard of it.These misconceptions in the mainstream community must be countered and dispelled.3. Clarion: What do you think the impact of designating the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organization would be if it passed?Ali: If Arab countries can ban Muslim brotherhood why can t we? Any organization that has terrorist ties should be banned in the US. Any organization that condone the killing of an innocent, or promote so insights hatred for non-Muslims should be banned.4. Clarion: What organizations or activists would you recommend as standing up for the rights of the community and are unaffiliated with the Muslim Brotherhood or related organizations?Ali: Of course I would promote my own organization American Muslim women s empowerment Council, formed to counter extremism which gives women a voice, promotes the real Islam, gives women equality and completely condemns all shapes and forms of terrorism and hatred.Whoever wants to follow sharia law should migrate to a Muslim country like Saudi Arabia.For entire interview, go to the Clarion Project",0
19139,TUCKER CARLSON Exposes Radical Middle School Teacher Who Organizes Violent Protesters To Shut Down Free Speech[VIDEO],"Tonight, Tucker Carlson took on Yvette Felarca, a national organizer for By Any Means Necessary, a militant left-wing activist group.Felarca, who helped organize the protests are UC-Berkeley two weeks ago, is calling for similar protests at universities across the country when there are guest speakers she believes are  fascists. She said that Milo Yiannopoulos, the subject of the Berkeley riots, is a fascist because he whips up a  lynch mob mentality  among his supporters and incites violence.Noting that Felarca s group s name calls for fighting fascists  by any means necessary,  Tucker pressed her on what level of violence they are willing to use. To what extent would you go to stop [a] person from spreading  genocidal propaganda ?  Tucker asked.Felarca said she would call on others to stand up, counter-protest and  shut down  that person.Watch the unbelievable exchange here:",0
19140,COLLEGE SOCIALIST GROUP Incites Children To Yell: “Kill Donald Trump!” [VIDEO],"The Knights for Socialism held an event where they allowed students to bash Pinatas with the faces of President Donald J. Trump, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, and presidential advisor Steve Bannon.East Orlando Post obtained exclusive footage from UCF College Republican Douglas Mactye, which includes disturbing content involving an elementary to middle school aged student yelling  Kill Trump.  The young children were being encouraged to hit the Pinatas by members of the Knights for Socialism for the duration. The  Killl Trump  segment can be seen during the ninth minute of the video:The footage also shows a bearded man wearing an  Antifa International  sweatshirt, presumably monitoring the event for the Knights for Socialism. Antifa has been responsible for violent Anti-Trump riots across the country that have resulted in millions of dollars in damage, vicious beatings of Trump supporters, and even shutting down Milo Yiannopoulos  campus talk at Berkeley.In an interview to campus based mainstream news source Knight News, Knights for Socialism president Dylan J. Tyer claimed the event was not negative at all and completely welcoming.  There s been no negativity by any means but definitely a lot of interest and a lot of good conversations with people.  However, Tyer is clearly seen in our exclusive footage yelling about  Beating Pete Sessions  face in,  among other violent profanities.Justin York, a UCF alumnus who once served as Chairman of the UCF College Republicans labeled the event as  extremely hypocritical  and a  red flag.   I think it is shocking that the university would permit a group of students to hang pinata-type effigies of President Donald Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions to be beaten and battered.Student takes a whack @realDonaldTrump pi ata pic.twitter.com/ckQocMgwHU  UCF Knight News (@UCFKnightNews) February 10, 2017 Video, captured by the East Orlando Post, documents a group of children showing up to the event and asking if they can hit the pi atas and if they can also kill Trump.Read more: DAILY CALLER",0
19141,ALBUM SALES SKYROCKET! A Star Is Born With One Awesome Grammys Dress,"Singer Joy Villa s album sales spiked significantly after the 25-year-old s pro-President Trump Grammys dress set social media on fire Sunday. Villa walked the red carpet wearing a red-white-and-blue dress decorated with Trump s  Make America Great Again  slogan.Hours after unveiling the gown, digital sales for Villa s album, I Make the Static, climbed to the top spot on Amazon s list of top 100 digital albums.The 2014 rock album s sales also spiked, hitting the number seven spot on the iTunes top albums list, Fox News reports. According to the screenshot she shared, the singer s album was beating albums by more well-known artists like Big Sean and Lady Gaga, the latter of whom performed during Sunday night s ceremony.As of 9 a.m. Pacific Time on Monday, Villa s album was at the #11 spot on the iTunes charts, while Lady Gaga s The Fame was at #33 and Beyonc s Album of the Year-nominated Lemonade was at #90.Blown away and overwhelmed by the positive feedback, Villa thanked her  amazing fans and supporters,  which she said had left her  speechless. I m speechless you, my amazing fans and supporters have put me to #16 on the iTunes Top Albums Charts!,  the singer wrote on Instagram.Via: Breitbart",0
19142,ADELE BREAKS “Best Album” Grammy Award In Half On Stage…Gives Embarrassing “WHITE GUILT” Apology Speech To “More Deserving” Beyoncé…”The way you make my black friends feel” [VIDEO]," I can t possibly accept this award,  she said during her acceptance speech.  The Lemonade album was just so monumental, Beyonc . It was so monumental and well thought-out and beautiful and soul-bearing  we appreciate that. All of us artists here adore you. You are our light. She later added backstage:  I thought it was her year. What the f*ck does she have to do to win Album of the Year? -IndependentThe Beyonce  Lemonade  album Adele refers in her embarrassing speech was slammed as an  attack on white women  by 25 year old white rapper Iggy Azalea, who went off on Twitter user  gia  after she referred to Azalea as  Becky . The  Lemonade  song was hailed as a brave reference by her adoring fans to Beyonce s unfaithful husband who had an affair with a white, or half-white woman named  Becky :@iggys_bitch dont ever call me a becky.  IGGY AZALEA (@IGGYAZALEA) April 25, 2016@phagmob @iggys_bitch it was used as a play on brain and brian. you would not be down if i started calling all black men ""deshawns""  IGGY AZALEA (@IGGYAZALEA) April 25, 2016@phagmob generalizing ANY race by calling them one sterotypical name for said race. i personally dont think is very cool, the end.  IGGY AZALEA (@IGGYAZALEA) April 25, 2016And in her final tweet on the subject, Azalea explains degrading, racist meaning behind Beyonce s reference to  Becky  in her  Lemonade  song: @rNicaRo the whole becky thing ""give me that becky"" comes from white womens supposed love for blow jobs. so excuse me but, i dont want  IGGY AZALEA (@IGGYAZALEA) April 26, 2016",0
19143,Brigitte Gabriel Reveals Muslim Brotherhood “Plan For The Destruction Of The United States”…Left Goes Nuts Over Possibility Of Trump Declaring Them A “Terror Group” [VIDEO],"Brigitte Gabriel is a Christian who, after being terrorized by Muslim extremists in her homeland of Lebanon, fled to the US with her family. Gabriel, the president and founder of ACT for America, travels around the nation delivering a message to everyday Americans about the radical infiltration of Muslim extremists in America. She explains in easy to understand terms how the Muslim Brotherhood has one goal: to sabotage America from within, and to make Islam the dominant religion of the country.Watch Brigitte Gabriel explain the Muslim Brotherhood s plan for the destruction of the United States: The most important page of this document is the last page. Because in the last past, they list 29 Islamic organizations set up  in the United States with the specific goal of sabotaging America from within, and destroying America by our own hands. The MSA is listed as one of the Islam organizations whose goal it is to destroy America. The MSA, or Muslim Student Association has more chapters on American  college campuses than the Republican and Democrat Party combined. Watch here:The tolerance for the funding of terror groups by Americans is about to come to end under President Donald J. Trump. One of the first actions he may take is to designate what many experts have been calling a terror group for years. The Trump administration could soon declare the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization, a move that would greatly restrict the controversial group s global reach and would come despite its insistence that it has peaceful intentions.Trump himself was often critical of President Obama s outreach to the Muslim Brotherhood, and Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, has proposed a bill to call for declaring the Brotherhood a terror organization. In the past, it has been accused of supporting terrorist groups around the world, and several countries, including Muslim nations, have banned them.If the U.S. declares the Brotherhood a terrorist organization, it would make it a criminal act for Americans to fund the group, ban banks from processing money for it, bar people with ties to the group from coming to the United States and make it easier to deport immigrants who have worked with the organization. It is time to call this enemy by its name and speak with clarity and moral authority,  Cruz said in a statement introducing the bill. Watch Brigitte Gabriel destroy this Imam on Judge Jeanine s FOX News show: FOX NewsThe Left doesn t think Trump should designate the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization and here s why:The New York Times editorial board thinks President Trump shouldn t designate the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization because it could make Trump the enemy of all Muslims.The liberal paper published Thursday an editorial Thursday titled  All of Islam Isn t the Enemy  arguing against the move, which the Trump administration is reportedly considering as a possible option. CIA Director Mike Pompeo has said he supports designating the group, which is open about its goal of creating a state ruled by Islamic law, as a terrorist organization. Is President Trump trying to make enemies of the entire Muslim world? That could well happen if he follows up his primitive ban on refugees and visa holders from seven Muslim nations with an order designating the Muslim Brotherhood   perhaps the most influential Islamist group in the Middle East   as a terrorist organization,  the editors charged.  Daily Caller ",0
19144,SHOCKER! GRAMMY ATTENDEE Wears “Make America Great Again” Gown…Press Goes Nuts!,"Singer/songwriter Joy Villa decided to follow the political theme at The Grammy s tonight by wearing a gown that says  Make America Great Again  on the front and  TRUMP  on the back It might not be what the producers expected LOL! WE LOVE IT!If you tweet, PLEASE support this young artist with a retweet! She s being royally abused by the liberals She needs some love from the Deplorables!She s getting lots of attention from the press:From Villa s Website:Who is Joy? True to the lyrics of her song  Vagabonds , Joy Villa is a singer songwriter who s never slowing down. Having lived in Hollywood, Seattle, Las Vegas, and now residing in NYC, touring extensively since 2012 to Asia, Australia the US and Europe.Joy s favorite genre has always been rock and roll, and she considers herself lucky to be a female that looks different than the normal  Rockstar . A classic renaissance woman, she also paints, models, acts, dances, composes poetry, and writes screenplays and books.Photo credit: Aaron FortnerVia: GP",0
19145,HOW HILLARY Reminded Us Last Week That We’re So Lucky She Wasn’t Elected,"Clinton sent out a taunting tweet of  3-0  after the three-judge panel from the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals unanimously slapped a halt on Trump s executive order on immigrants and  refugees.Trump tweeted out  SEE YOU IN COURT Hillary responded with a snarky  3-0 Her support for the ruling isn t surprising   Clinton said she was for open borders at one point   but the gutter sniping was telling. The activist judges who based their ruling on their liberal politics instead of the Constitution are the same kind she would appoint to the Supreme Court and all other federal courts if she were in the Oval Office.Thankfully, she won t get the chance, a fact reinforced by Trump aide Kellyanne Conway. She fired back at Clinton with her version of  3-0,  tweeting  PA, WI, MI,  a reference to three formerly blue states, worth 46 electoral votes, that Trump flipped to his column. Touch !And so it went in Week 3 of the Trump era, with Clinton s taunt, the court ruling, nonstop demonstrations and congressional hijinks combining to illustrate why Trump s election was crucial. It was a necessary course correction and a dramatic rejection of an arrogant government that both overreaches and underperforms.Put another way, the hysterical, hateful reaction in many quarters to everything Trump says and does is absolute proof that the ruling elite deserved a comeuppance. The establishment was drunk on power, political and cultural, and never yielded an inch voluntarily or had the decency to admit error. Its rage reflects its sense of entitlement. This unhinged rage is the new America   only it s not new. It was hiding in plain sight, hinted at by the contempt that Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, tenured radicals, college snowflakes and the Democratic media openly held for those who don t share their worldview.Trump s victory ripped open the vein, but it would have erupted at any Republican president. Modern liberals  contempt for others is essential to their sense of superiority and justifies violence in the streets, threats and simple rudeness Read more: NYP",0
19146,WOW! UNDERCOVER VIDEO Proves Trump Was Right About Voter Fraud In New Hampshire [WATCH],"On Thursday, New Hampshire s Federal Elections Commission (FEC) called on President Trump to give proof of voter fraud, after he reportedly made further claims in a meeting with senators.Trump reportedly blamed voter fraud for why both he and former Sen. Kelly Ayotte (N.H.) lost in New Hampshire last November during a recent meeting with a bipartisan group of senators. The scheme the President of the United States alleges would constitute thousands of felony criminal offenses under New Hampshire law,  Commissioner Ellen Weintraub said in a statement Friday. The President has issued an extraordinarily serious and specific charge,  added Weintraub, who is a Democrat but was appointed by former President George W. Bush in 2002.  Allegations of this magnitude cannot be ignored. I therefore call upon President Trump to immediately share his evidence with the public and with the appropriate law-enforcement authorities so that his allegations may be investigated promptly and thoroughly.   The HillDemocrat sycophant George Stephanopoulos went after Trump s senior policy advisor Steven Miller on ABC s  This Week  show, DEMANDING he show evidence of voter fraud in New Hampshire as Trump claimed only days earlier. This is the media s newest Trump  witch hunt.  Given the willingness of both parties and the media to ignore massive voter fraud issues across America, one has to wonder if Trump continues to poke this fire on purpose, forcing the serious issue of voter to be addressed and eventually fixed. Careful what you ask for Georgie you just may get it, and it s not likely going to benefit your party THIS IS AWESOME!  Stephen Miller does not back down from the widely known FACT that there's massive VOTER FRAUD!pic.twitter.com/QTcvSqIr67  Boston Bobblehead (@DBloom451) February 12, 2017Proof that dead people receive ballots in NH:Pay up, dude. NH elections officials welcome out-of-staters with open arms @JamesOKeefeIII @FergusCullen pic.twitter.com/Aj9rT1AYcs  Project Veritas (@Project_Veritas) February 11, 2017",0
19147,#BoycottGrammys… #TurnOffTheGrammys…Grammys Producer Encourages Stars To Get Political…TRASH TRUMP…Just Don’t Use “F-Bomb” Before 10 PM,"In a fraught moment of political protest across the country, the live mic at televised award shows has become a potent weapon.As such, Grammy Awards producer Ken Ehrlich has a message for those who will take the stage on Sunday s ceremony: Bring it on.Ehrlich has no reservations about political messages or anti-President Trump statements flying during CBS  three and a half hour Grammycast. Artists expressing passionate opinions about real-life issues are the stuff of memorable moments, he said. One of the tenets of our show is artistic freedom, and over the years we ve shown we do believe in it,  Ehrlich told Variety.  How many more times do we need to hear  I d like to thank my publicist, my agent, my wife and kids.  The great acceptance speeches are ones that have a point of view and are more personal. The only guidelines on speech that Ehrlich has to keep an eye (and ear) on is profanity, given the potential for CBS to be hit with FCC fines if F-bombs fly before 10 p.m. But almost everything else is fair game. One of the things I ve learned from working with artists for 40 years is that they are deep-thinking, vital individuals who have interests that cover a broad cover a broad spectrum of subjects and passions,  he said.  We should certainly allow for it on the broadcast. Ehrlich notes that the Grammy Awards as an institution has addressed issues of social justice and equality on the telecast in recent years.  NYP",0
19148,NOTE TO SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE: Making Fun Of Trump Isn’t Brave Or Funny! [Video], ,0
19149,“Would You Rather Do A Job You Hate And Not Pay Taxes?”…How These ILLEGALS Answer This Question Tells You Everything You Need To Know About How They “Help” Our Economy [VIDEO],"Filmmaker and patriot, Dennis Michael Lynch is the best in the business when it comes to bringing the illegal alien issue to life for Americans. In his first of 3 movies, Dennis asks these construction workers to open up about their allegiance to the country who makes it possible to support their families in Mexico. Their answers may (or may not) surprise you ",0
19150,TREASON! HOW OBAMA’S SHADOW GOVERNMENT Is Commanding An Army Of Anti-Trump Agitators To Sabotage President Trump #WAR [VIDEO],"PAUL SPERRY SPOKE WITH LOU DOBBS ON HIS REPORT ABOUT OBAMA S SHADOW GOVERNMENT:Obama has two things going for him: The judiciary is his lethal weapon. He stacked the courts during his 8 years with liberal judges who can make things really difficult for President Trump. We ve seen it in action with the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals on Trump s Executive Order. President Trump should shake this court up ASAP! Yes, he can do it and he should! NEWT: JEFFERSON WOULD ABOLISH THE 9TH CIRCUIT COURT:The second thing that s troubling is the  shadow government  that Obama is setting up just blocks away from the White House. He s not going to let his  legacy  go down without a fight. He ll use the power of the evil doers like George Soros to pay for an army of destructive anarchists:PAUL SPERRY OF THE NYP: When former President Barack Obama said he was  heartened  by anti-Trump protests, he was sending a message of approval to his troops. Troops? Yes, Obama has an army of agitators   numbering more than 30,000   who will fight his Republican successor at every turn of his historic presidency. And Obama will command them from a bunker less than two miles from the White House.In what s shaping up to be a highly unusual post-presidency, Obama isn t just staying behind in Washington. He s working behind the scenes to set up what will effectively be a shadow government to not only protect his threatened legacy, but to sabotage the incoming administration and its popular  America First  agenda.He s doing it through a network of leftist nonprofits led by Organizing for Action. Normally you d expect an organization set up to support a politician and his agenda to close up shop after that candidate leaves office, but not Obama s OFA. Rather, it s gearing up for battle, with a growing war chest and more than 250 offices across the country.Since Donald Trump s election, this little-known but well-funded protesting arm has beefed up staff and ramped up recruitment of young liberal activists, declaring on its website,  We re not backing down.  Determined to salvage Obama s legacy, it s drawing battle lines on immigration, ObamaCare, race relations and climate change.Obama is intimately involved in OFA operations and even tweets from the group s account. In fact, he gave marching orders to OFA foot soldiers following Trump s upset victory. It is fine for everybody to feel stressed, sad, discouraged,  he said in a conference call from the White House.  But get over it.  He demanded they  move forward to protect what we ve accomplished. Now is the time for some organizing,  he said.  So don t mope. Far from sulking, OFA activists helped organize anti-Trump marches across US cities, some of which turned into riots. After Trump issued a temporary ban on immigration from seven terror-prone Muslim nations, the demonstrators jammed airports, chanting:  No ban, no wall, sanctuary for all! Run by old Obama aides and campaign workers, federal tax records show  nonpartisan  OFA marshals 32,525 volunteers nationwide. Registered as a 501(c)(4), it doesn t have to disclose its donors, but they ve been generous. OFA has raised more than $40 million in contributions and grants since evolving from Obama s campaign organization Obama for America in 2013.OFA, in IRS filings, says it trains young activists to develop  organizing skills.  Armed with Obama s 2012 campaign database, OFA plans to get out the vote for Democratic candidates it s grooming to win back Congress and erect a wall of resistance to Trump at the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue.It will be aided in that effort by the Obama Foundation, run by Obama s former political director, and the National Democratic Redistricting Committee, launched last month by Obama pal Eric Holder to end what he and Obama call GOP  gerrymandering  of congressional districts.Obama will be overseeing it all from a shadow White House located within two miles of Trump.DON T LET THE LEFT BE THE DEATH OF AMERICA! PLEASE DON T BE SILENT! SHOW UP AND SPEAK UP!",0
19151,LOL! HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS Skip School To Protest Trump’s Temporary Travel Ban…Hilarity Ensues When They Try To Explain Ban To Jesse Watters [VIDEO], ,0
19152,"YALE REMOVES Name Of DEMOCRAT White Supremacist, Passionate Supporter Of Slavery From Res College…Why Not Rename It After Most Famous Black Alum, Justice Clarence Thomas?","University trustees, known as the Yale Corporation, voted in favor of the renaming on Friday, reversing a decision last year to keep the name. Keeping the name had been defended as a way to confront rather than paper over the legacy of slavery.The change will go into effect in time for the 2017-2018 academic year. John C. Calhoun s legacy as a white supremacist and a national leader who passionately promoted slavery as a  positive good  fundamentally conflicts with Yale s mission and values,  President Peter Salovey said in a message sent to the Yale community on Saturday. He said depictions in the college celebrating plantations and the Old South suggest that Calhoun was honored in part because of his support for slavery, not in spite of it.Yale is among a number of colleges that have grappled with how to honor their histories without offending modern sensibilities. Vanderbilt University last year said it would pay $1.2 million to remove the word  Confederate  from a residence hall s facade, while Princeton University said it would keep Woodrow Wilson s name on its school of public and international affairs and a residential college, while increasing discussion of the former president s support of segregation. WSJIf Yale is so concerned about promoting diversity and working to erase any signs of slavery, why not rename the Calhoun College with their most famous black alumni, US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas? The tradition at Yale has been to name colleges after prominent, deceased, alumni, and ones that have contributed somehow to the human race. Morse College, for instance, is named after Samuel Morse, of the eponymous Morse Code.Yale will feel immense pressure to rename Calhoun for a minority figure, but who? Of Yale s deceased minority alumni, no one leaps to mind. Someone suggested Levi Jackson, which I thought was a nice idea, but Jackson isn t well known outside Yale circles, and I doubt any of today s students have any idea who he is.It seems likely Yale might jettison the  being dead  requirement. If that turns out to be the case, how about Clarence Thomas? He is easily Yale s most prominent black alum, even if he wasn t an undergrad.I am joking of course. While I would be proud if this came about, the left would sooner burn Calhoun to the ground than let it be named for a black conservative, only going to show that this isn t about race, it s about power and politics.One other thought: Elihu Yale was apparently a slave trader, among other things. How soon before the activists set there sights on renaming the entire university?  The Naked Dollar",0
19153,“This has got to STOP!”…JUDGE JEANINE Goes After Nordstrom For Nasty Treatment Of Ivanka Trump [Video],"The presidents of Nordstrom sent an email criticizing President Donald Trump s ban on immigrants from seven Muslim-majority nations entering the United States just days before the retail giant dropped Ivanka Trump s clothing line:In the note, brothers Peter, Erik, and Blake Nordstrom told employees of the company that they would do all they could to help those who might be impacted by the ban while celebrating the many things the immigrant community have contributed to the retailer over the years.The Nordstrom brothers also pointed out that the company was founded by an immigrants, their great grandfather John.Two days later, the Seattle-based retailer announced that they would no longer be carrying Ivanka Trump s line of clothing, handbags, shoes and accessories. Read more: Daily MailThe left had also organized an effort to harm the Ivanka Trump brand months ago by pushing retailers to drop her. While sales of the Ivanka Trump brand have risen about 32%, the effort to tarnish the brand succeeded with the petty effort from the group  Grab Your Wallet . Nordstrom dropped Ivanka and it was most certainly a political move. Judge Jeanine is as FED UP as we are with the childish and hateful treatment of a woman who should be celebrated by the so-called feminists. She let  em have it:",0
19154,CENSORED: CRANKY BERNIE Calls CNN “Fake News” During Interview…CNN Cuts Mic: “Are we on?” [VIDEO], ,0
19155,"CHINESE IMMIGRANT BEHEADS, CANNIBALIZES Total Stranger On Greyhound Bus…Granted TOTAL FREEDOM…NO Monitoring Necessary","Manitoba s Criminal Code Review Board announced Friday it has given Will Baker, formerly known as Vince Li, an absolute discharge, meaning he is longer subject to monitoring.Baker, a diagnosed schizophrenic, killed Tim McLean, a young carnival worker who was a complete stranger to Baker, in 2008. A year later he was found not criminally responsible due to mental illness.McLean s mother, Carol de Delley, has been outspoken against granting Baker freedom, saying there would be no way to ensure he continued to take his medication.She declined comment in a post on Facebook Friday, saying  I have no words. Baker was initially kept in a secure wing of a psychiatric hospital but was given more freedom every year.He has been living on his own in a Winnipeg apartment since November, but was still subject to monitoring to ensure he took his medication.Baker s doctor, Jeffrey Waldman, told the board earlier this week that he is confident Baker will remain on his medication and will continue to work with his treatment team if released. Waldman testified that Baker knows it s the medication that keeps his illness at bay.In a written decision, the review board said it  is of the opinion that the weight of evidence does not substantiate that Mr. Baker poses a significant threat to the safety of the public. Waldman said Baker plans to visit his native China if released but would live in Winnipeg for the next two to three years. He is on the waiting list for a post-secondary training program and plans on establishing a career in the city. Baker emigrated to Canada from China in 2001 and became a Canadian citizen four years ago.  Fox NewsSurely this immigrant from China must have had some sort of medical record that may have caused the person or group reviewing his file to think twice about allowing him to become a Canadian citizen, right? ",0
19156,ARROGANT ILLEGAL ALIEN Who Voted 5 Times In 2016 Election Gets 8 Years…Lawyers Call Sentence “Harsh”…Blame Trump…LOL! [VIDEO],Watch:,0
19157,JESSE WATTERS Takes On Young Anti-Trump Protesters: “He said that black people are ignorant” [Video], ,0
19158,PRINCIPAL OF WEALTHY NYC SCHOOL Sends Hate-Filled Email To Parents: Trump Is Worse Than 9-11,"The principal of a fancy New York City private school says the election of President Trump is worse than the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.Steve Nelson, principal of the Calhoun School, fired off a hate-filled email to parents blasting the president. He also said Trump s election would be more devastating than Vietnam, Watergate and the assassination of the Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. I walked the complex inner-city streets of Cleveland during the racial unrest of the 60 s,  he wrote in an email obtained by the New York Post.  I was in rural Georgia when Martin Luther King Junior was assassinated in Tennessee. I watched every moment of the Watergate hearings that led to the resignation of Richard M. Nixon. I watched soot-covered New Yorkers grimly trudging north on West End Avenue on September 11, 2001. I am more troubled now. The principal would have us believe that he was more disturbed by Trump s election than the sight of New Yorkers falling from the sky or the Twin Towers collapsing onto the streets of lower Manhattan.Just to put this in perspective, the principal believes President Trump is worse than the Muslim hijackers who flew jetliners into buildings and slaughtered thousands of Americans.I do not know Principal Nelson, but he sounds like a deeply disturbed educator who should not be around impressionable school children.I m rather surprised the principal did not blame Trump for sinking the Titanic or causing the Black Plague.As repulsive as his comments might have been, I believe the principal s beliefs are rather mainstream among liberals.- Todd Starnes, FOX NewsThe controversial missive roiled some parents of the elite Upper West Side school, who thought Calhoun went too far.But some members of the school community said they had the principal s back. Proud to work at Calhoun and for someone like Steve Nelson,  school staffer Nahuel Fanjul-Arguijo in a Facebook post. Getting this email yesterday made me a very proud Calhoun alumni,  posted Rachel Geisler.   NYDNSo let s set the record straight.President Trump has never waged jihad against Americans   nor has he assassinated a Civil Rights leader or napalmed a jungle in Vietnam.And to compare those horrific atrocities with the president s desire to make our nation great again is not just offensive   it s downright evil.  FNPeople like Steve Nelson, principal of the Calhoun School in NYC, who have so much hate in their hearts have no business anywhere near young and impressionable children. It really doesn t matter what your political leanings are. If a person tasked with educating children has so little control over their seething anger after their candidate loses an election that they feel it necessary to drag the parents into their world of pity and hate, why should any parent who have any faith in their mental capacity? Why would any parent, regardless of their political persuasion, entrust this clearly unhinged man with the safety and well-being of their most precious possessions? To have lived in  New York City and witnessed the horrific tragedy of 9-11 firsthand should make his email all the more serious for these parents ",0
19159,PRESIDENT TRUMP’S Illegal Immigrant Crackdown Begins…Feds Conduct Raids In At Least 6 States With Focus On Finding And Deporting Criminals [VIDEO],"U.S. immigration authorities arrested hundreds of undocumented immigrants in at least a half-dozen states this week in a series of raids that marked the first large-scale enforcement of President Trump s Jan. 26 order to crack down on the estimated 11 million immigrants living here illegally.The raids, which officials said targeted known criminals, also netted some immigrants who did not have criminal records, an apparent departure from similar enforcement waves during the Obama administration that aimed to just corral and deport those who had committed crimes.Trump has pledged to deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants with criminal records. Last month he also made a change to the Obama administration s policy of prioritizing deportation for convicted criminals, substantially broadening the scope of who the Department of Homeland Security can target, to include those with only minor offenses or those with no convictions at all.Immigration officials confirmed that agents this week raided homes and workplaces in Atlanta, Chicago, New York, the Los Angeles area, North Carolina and South Carolina, netting hundreds of people. But Gillian Christensen, a spokeswoman for the Department of Homeland Security, which oversees Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), said they were part of  routine  immigration enforcement actions. ICE dislikes the term  raids,  and prefers to say authorities are conducting  targeted enforcement actions. Christensen said the raids, which began Monday and ended Friday at noon, found undocumented immigrants from a dozen Latin American countries.  We re talking about people who are threats to public safety or a threat to the integrity of the immigration system,  she said, noting that the majority of those detained were serious criminals, including some who had been convicted of murder and domestic violence.U.S. immigration authorities arrested hundreds of undocumented immigrants in at least a half-dozen states this week in a series of raids that marked the first large-scale enforcement of President Trump s Jan. 26 order to crack down on the estimated 11 million immigrants living here illegally.The raids, which officials said targeted known criminals, also netted some immigrants who did not have criminal records, an apparent departure from similar enforcement waves during the Obama administration that aimed to just corral and deport those who had committed crimes.Trump has pledged to deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants with criminal records. Last month he also made a change to the Obama administration s policy of prioritizing deportation for convicted criminals, substantially broadening the scope of who the Department of Homeland Security can target, to include those with only minor offenses or those with no convictions at all.Immigration officials confirmed that agents this week raided homes and workplaces in Atlanta, Chicago, New York, the Los Angeles area, North Carolina and South Carolina, netting hundreds of people. But Gillian Christensen, a spokeswoman for the Department of Homeland Security, which oversees Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), said they were part of  routine  immigration enforcement actions. ICE dislikes the term  raids,  and prefers to say authorities are conducting  targeted enforcement actions. Christensen said the raids, which began Monday and ended Friday at noon, found undocumented immigrants from a dozen Latin American countries.  We re talking about people who are threats to public safety or a threat to the integrity of the immigration system,  she said, noting that the majority of those detained were serious criminals, including some who had been convicted of murder and domestic violence.David Marin, ICE s field director in the Los Angeles area, said in a conference call with reporters Friday that 75 percent of the approximately 160 people detained in the operation this week had felony convictions; the rest had misdemeanors or were in the U.S. illegally. Officials said Friday night that 37 of those detained in Los Angeles has been deported to Mexico. Dangerous criminals who should be deported are being released into our communities,  Marin said.A video that circulated on social media Friday appeared to show ICE agents detaining people in an Austin shopping center parking lot. Immigration advocates also reported roadway checkpoints, where ICE appeared to be targeting immigrants for random ID checks, in North Carolina and in Austin. ICE officials denied that authorities used checkpoints during the operations.For entire story-Washington Post",0
19160,WHOA! Woman Born In NAZI GERMANY Says Trump Doesn’t Remind Her Of Hitler….Rioting Leftists Trying To Shut Down Free Speech Does,"A woman who was born in Nazi Germany says that what reminds her of Hitler more than anything else isn t Donald Trump, but the rioting leftists who are attempting to shut down free speech on college campuses.Ing Andrews lived in Dusseldorf, Germany during the Second World War and spent time hiding in air raid shelters and helping to clean up rubble from destroyed buildings.  InfowarsIf anyone is in a position to have an opinion on the left s hysterical comparison of Donald Trump and Hitler, it s Inga. Here s what she told the Independent Review Journal;For the entire letter go to : IJR",0
19161,EDUCATION SECRETARY BLOCKED And Harrassed Trying To Enter D.C. School [Video], ,0
19162,WOW! 3 MUSLIM BROTHERS Working For Dems In Congress CAUGHT Accessing Unauthorized Top-Secret Government Intel…One Has Criminal Background…May Have Ties To Muslim Brotherhood [VIDEO],"3 Congressional IT employees have been fired for accessing members computer networks without permission. Maria s on the show, knows more about this. Can you fill me in a bit.Here are their names Stuart. let me tell you what the 3 people that were fired on Thursday: Abid, Imran and Jamal Awan. They were barred from computer networks at the House of Representatives on Thursday because they accessed Congressmen and Congress people s computer networks unauthorized. At a minimum they were fired. At a minimum we know that they accessed computers unauthorized and they did so in foreign intelligence, foreign affairs and intelligence committees.  Okay? So they were getting very important information, government information. They accessed these computers. That is the least of it. There s also some talk that people are looking into what ties they have into terrorism. Are they impacted by the Muslim Brotherhood? Are they a part of the Muslim Brotherhood? One of them has a criminal background!How is it possible that 3 brothers are hired, Muslim brothers just saying, to work in Congress and deal with our most intelligent and sensitive information, number one? They were all making $160,000! Why were they paid so much? 22 years old one of the guys, the other was 25. They re making $160,000, $161,000 and $165,000. And one of them has a criminal background! I hear what you re saying, I mean, these intelligence committees handle our terror strategies right? They got in on Benghazi by the way.Yes, and they also worked for many Democrats in the House. They are thinking that they may be also one of the reasons Debbie Wasserman Schultz got hacked. There s so much more to come on this Stuart, it s an incredible story. I think it s amazing!Chiefs of staff for dozens of Democratic lawmakers who employed the four were informed last week that a criminal probe was underway into their use of congressional information technology systems, including the existence of an external server to which House data was being funneled, and into the theft of and overbilling for computer equipment.Their salaries and time were shared among dozens of Democratic members, including former Democratic National Committee Chairman Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida.Chiefs of staff for dozens of Democratic lawmakers who employed the four were informed last week that a criminal probe was underway into their use of congressional information technology systems, including the existence of an external server to which House data was being funneled, and into the theft of and overbilling for computer equipment.Despite the generous salaries, the four were involved in multiple suspicious mortgage transfers and a debt-evading bankruptcy. Abid had more than $1 million in debts following a failed business called Cars International that he ran in Falls Church, Va., from November 2009 to September 2010. Business associates said in court documents that Abid had stolen money and vehicles from them.It s unclear how Abid found time to run an automotive business while working full-time for Congress. He had been on the congressional payroll since 2005. A congressional credit union repossessed two of his personal cars before the business folded.Abid filed for bankruptcy in 2012, but somehow managed to keep ownership of two houses while telling the bankruptcy court and creditors that he had no assets with which to pay them. He signed a sworn statement that he and his wife, Natalia Soba, were living apart and needed separate residences. My spouse and I are legally separated under applicable non-bankruptcy law or my spouse and I are living apart other than for the purpose of evading the requirements of   707(b)(2)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code,  Abid claimed in bankruptcy documents. But both houses had been in the family for years.Abid s record includes numerous driving- and alcohol-related legal problems, including driving with a suspended or revoked license, court records show. He was found guilty of drunk driving a month before he started at the House, and was arrested for public intoxication a month after his first day.A spokesman for Rep. Joaquin Castro of Texas told TheDCNF Friday that Jamal s  employment with our office has been terminated. Hilarie Chambers, a spokeswoman for Rep. Sandy Levin   who employed Abid   told TheDCNF that  after being notified by the House Administration Committee, this individual was removed from our payroll. We are confident that everything in our office is secure. Not every Democrat is willing to terminate their connection with these four:Some Democrats have not terminated their connection with the four, including Wasserman Schultz, who employs Imran and who resigned from her DNC post last year after a computer hack revealed embarassing emails. Derrick Robinson, spokesman for California Rep. Karen Bass, refused to comment on Alvi s employment status.For entire story: Daily Caller ",0
19163,LEFTIST LEGAL EXPERT DERSHOWITZ Calls Out 9th Circuit For Playing Politics: ‘Not a solid decision’ [Video],"Harvard Law Professor Emeritus Alan Dershowitz was on MSNBC to make a statement on the 9th Circuit Opinion: He stated that the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals  ruling against President Trump s immigration order is  not a solid decision.  And  looks like it s based more on policy than on constitutionality. Look, this is not a solid decision. This is a decision that looks like it s based more on policy than on constitutionality. There are many, many flaws. He added,  I think this court opinion will not ultimately be sustained by the Supreme Court. Take, for example, the argument that it s an establishment of religion, because it favors Christians or other religious minorities. In 1944 we passed the War Refugee Act, which specifically was designed to rescue a hundred thousand Jews, and everybody knew the purpose was to rescue jews. That didn t establish Judaism as the state religion of the United States. I think the establishment argument will fail in the Supreme Court. I think the standing arguments may fail in the Supreme Court.  ",0
19164,"DISGUSTING VIDEO SHOWS Syrian Parents Sending 7, 9 Yr Old Daughters To Blow Themselves Up For Allah","While everyone on the Left is cheering a decision by the radical 9th Circuit Court of Appeals to stop Trump s temporary travel ban on 7 countries (chosen by Barack Obama and his DHS) from entering the US, you might want to consider that the family in this video could be your new neighbors. Two SYRIAN parents are sending their daughters off to blow themselves up as part of their  jihad  for Allah. This nice little family is from Syria, one of the countries on Trump s list of nations that he was attempting to temporarily ban until we could find a better way to vet them.Here s a nice little family that could very well be your new neighbor thanks to the Left:https://twitter.com/Corporatocrazy/status/829894370123927556",0
19165,TUCKER CARLSON Outs Human Rights Exec. Director As A Partisan Hack: “Obviously partisan motives diminish your mission” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkRCtn0nEvU,0
19166,LOL! OBAMA’S RADICAL EPA CHIEF Says There Was No “War On Coal”…But OOPS…That’s Not What The Poster Behind Her Says!,"The head of the EPA under President Barack Obama vehemently denied politicians and environmentalists waged a  war on coal. There s just one problem. She was sitting in front of a  coal sucks  poster in the office of California s top state senator.Former EPA chief Gina McCarthy huddled with Democratic lawmakers in Sacramento Thursday to advise them on how the state could move forward with policies aimed at fighting global warming while the Trump administration dismantled Obama s environmental agenda.McCarthy took over EPA in Obama s second term and oversaw the implementation of the president s  Climate Action Plan,  which included sweeping regulations on power plants and natural gas wells. Republicans and coal supporters say these regulations were part of the administration s  war on coal.   Daily Caller ",0
19167,BREAKING: TRUMP Announces “Phenomenal” Tax Cut Plan For Businesses In Next 2-3 Weeks…Stock Markets Respond [VIDEO],"President Donald Trump said his administration would be announcing a  big league  tax cut that would lower the burden on businesses within the next two or three weeks.The revelation saw the Dow Jones industrial average rise around 115 points to a record, with Goldman Sachs contributing the most gains. Lowering the overall tax burden on American business is big league, that s coming along very well,  Trump said at the top of a White House meeting with airline industry executives Thursday.  We re way ahead of schedule, I believe. And we re going to be announcing something   I would say over the next two or three weeks   that will be phenomenal. The president s comment had an immediate effect on the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies.The administration had gotten pushback a day earlier from conservative web site proprietor Matt Drudge, an influential media figure who Trump regularly lauded during the campaign. Republican party should be sued for fraud. NO discussion of tax cuts now. Just lots of crazy. Back to basics, guys!  Drudge tweeted, on a day filled with fallout from the Senate effort to silence liberal Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren.Tax reform has also been a top priority for House Speaker Paul Ryan and others in the GOP congressional majority, which has been anxious to slash taxes and regulations now that it finally has an ally in the White House.Trump has pledged to cut the top corporate tax rate from 35 per cent to 15 per cent, but he offered no details on what his proposal might be. The value of the dollar against the Japanese yen jumped by 1 percentage point after the president s comments, Reuters reported. Airline stocks also spiked after the meeting. All three major market indexes jumped on news of the tax cut timetable.  Daily Mail ",0
19168,LIKE VICTIMS OF SPOUSAL ABUSE…Middle Eastern Christians Fear Harsher Treatment By Muslims If U.S. Makes Rescuing Them A Priority: “Don’t Help Us Or We’ll Get Beaten Again”,"So I m concerned about what I m hearing from some of the priests representing Iraqi Christians in Iraq. Patriarch Louis Sako of Baghdad said:  Every reception policy that discriminates (between) the persecuted and suffering on religious grounds ultimately harms the Christians of the East He went on to explain that prioritizing Christians is not good because it invites harsher treatment from Muslims, increasing tensions and accusations that Christians communities are  foreign bodies  supported and defended by Western powers.  The Chaldean Bishop of Aleppo, Antoine Audo SJ, said  speeches  or  measures and laws  that seem to privilege Christians  feeds fanaticism and extremism. Archbishop Bashar Warda of Erbil, on the other hand, although more positive about the development, said that the media puts Christians in Iraq  at greater risk  when they  cry out that this is a  Muslim Ban.  He wrote in an interview:  Here in Iraq we Christians cannot afford to throw out words carelessly as the media in the West can do. I would ask those in the media who use every issue to stir up division to think about this. For the media these things become an issue of ratings, but for us the danger is real. Don t Help Us Or We ll Get Beaten AgainIt s true that part of what s going on, especially from Sako and Audo, is that these religious leaders don t want their flocks to flee. I can understand the desire to stay.  As Christians,  Audo said,  we ask to be helped not to emigrate, but to have peace in our Countries, in order to continue our life and our witness in the land where we were born. Contrast those responses with that of Anglican Canon Andrew White, better known as the Vicar of Baghdad. When his parishioners in Baghdad were getting killed, he responded with,  I just say,  I will stay, I will not leave you,  but I can t advise them to stay. The liquidation of Christianity from the Middle East is heartbreaking. But what is going on here with these representatives of Iraqi Christians is more than just the desire to stay in their homeland. Christians in Iraq and their leaders sound like abuse victims.I don t want to paint with a broad brush. There are many Iraqi Christians who desperately want to leave Iraq and are grateful for whatever help they can get. I believe Warda is the most balanced of all the leaders. His interview with Crux magazine is required reading for anyone desiring candid answers about Christians  situation in Iraq.Warda is an anomaly. Most church leaders, it seems to me, sound just like spousal abuse victims:  Please don t help me, he ll get mad and beat me up again.  It s the same type of victim mentality:  Don t help us,  these Christian leaders say,  because they ll increase our persecution. Asking for Decent Treatment Is Asking For ItThis  battered woman syndrome  in Middle Eastern Christians runs deep. This mental conditioning has been a plague on Middle Eastern Christians for a long time. In her book  Christianity in Iraq,  Suha Rassam recounts Muslim-Christian relations in the years when Iraq moved from British rule toward independence, under the monarchy a military coup toppled in 1958. The constitution that the British helped Iraq draft gave full and equal citizenship rights to all minorities. But this type of thinking is foreign to Middle Eastern Christians  minds, given their history of being terrorized by the Muslims they live under. Standing up for representation is a sure way to get cut down. When Iraq s old constitution was being drafted, the memories of the last decades of the Ottoman rule were still alive, and as Rassam writes,  the massacres of these communities [Armenians, Syrian Orthodox, Syrian Catholics, etc.] were partly attributed to Western European policies. And the failure of the Europeans to stand by their promises to them. One of the Iraqi newspapers warned:  Do not forget the fate of the Armenians and the Assyrians who put their trust in Christian powers and were practically exterminated in the process. When Helping HurtsIt s true that Western intervention helped the Christian communities at times. But Rassam says much of it led to greater tragedy for Christians, complicating the relationship between Muslims and Christians. She writes:  The Christians were seen [by the Muslims] as collaborators with the Europeans and identified with their policies. What Americans and most people in the West don t realize is that not only do these Christian have hundreds of years of oppressed mentality to overcome, but that the Muslims, just like wife-beaters, increase their wrathful acts upon their victims when they seek help. The increase in violence is usually triggered by a move of any Western power to help the Christians.But the answer cannot be for America or the West to do nothing. That s what the Obama administration did, and the persecution did not stop. The answer, as difficult as it is for Americans to accept, is exactly what President Trump is trying to do: give priority to the Christians who want a chance to flee the violence.Surely the wholesale removal of Christians from the Middle East is a tragedy of historic significance, but the removal of Middle Eastern Christians from the world altogether would be far worse.For entire story: The Federalist",0
19169,“COMEDIAN” GEORGE LOPEZ Who Said About Trump Supporters: “There Are Enough Racists In This Country To Get Him Elected” Goes On Vile Rant Against Woman…Makes Racist Comments [VIDEO],"When a woman in the audience objected, Lopez went off on an unbelievable, vile rant against her ***WARNING***Strong language*** There are only two rules in the Latino family. Don t marry somebody black, and don t park in front of our house,  Lopez said during his set, which prompted a woman in the audience to put up her middle finger.In a clip of the incident obtained by TMZ, Lopez is seen responding to the woman s gesture by calling her a  bitch  and telling her,  Sit your f**king ass down or get the f**k out. Sit your f**king ass down,  Lopez repeated three times.  I m talking, bitch. You paid to see a show. Sit your ass down. You can t take a joke, you re in the wrong motherf**king place. Sit your f**king ass down or get the f**k out of here. You have two choices,  he continued.  Shut the f**k up or get the f**k out. I ll tell you what. I ll make the choice for you. Get the f**k out of here. I ll make the choice for you. Bye. Bye. Bye. Watch: Via: Huffington Post ",0
19170,PRICELESS! DON’T EVEN THINK About Calling This Storm Victim 80: “I’m comin’ back baby” [Video],Watch as they discuss whether Ms. Constance is coming back ,0
19171,"TJ MAXX AND MARSHALLS Tell Employees To Trash Signs For Ivanka Trump Line, Mix Line With General Merchandise"," According to the New York Times, outlet stores T.J. Maxx and Marshalls have instructed their employees to throw away signs for Ivanka Trump s clothing line, and hang her clothes so that they mix in with other lines.The instruction was to eliminate special displays for the merchandise,  not to remove it from the sales floor,  said Doreen Thompson, a spokeswoman for the TJX Companies, the retailers  parent corporation. We offer a rapidly changing selection of merchandise for our customers, and brands are featured based on a number of factors,  she said.The company did not respond to the New York Times query as to whether or not this kind of handling of product was normal, but one employee came forward and told the paper that after several years of being employed with the stores, she had not been instructed to do this before. -The BlazeTJ Maxx and Marshalls corporate headquarters are located in the very liberal city of Farmington, MA.In the 2016 general election, 75 percent of the 39,722 registered voters in Farmington participated in the presidential election.Of those voters, 20,277 voted for Clinton, with 7,031 for Trump. So it should come as no surprise that the people making the decisions on behalf of the stores would send such an outrageous message to their employees that appears to be intended to harm Ivanka Trump s clothing line. For many shoppers like myself, these new developments as they relate to the trashing of Ivanka Trump s clothing and accessory brand really puts a crimp in my shopping patterns at some of my favorite stores, which include Norstrom and TJ Maxx and the TJ Maxx owned Home Goods store. Gone are the days when these kinds of corporate decisions are made and kept under the radar. Trump has an army of exceptionally loyal supporters who are willing to defend him and his lovely family, even if it means we have to do our shopping elsewhere.In a USA Today article, TJ Maxx CEO Ernie Herrman noted,  We are extremely pleased that our comp store sales growth was almost entirely driven by customer traffic.  Your companies recent decision to trash Ivanka Trump s brand in your store may change that Mr. Herrman Here s a letter to TJMaxx CEO from a leftist in VT that was published in the local Mountain Times newspaper. Editors note: the following is an open letter to Ernie Herrman, CEO and president of TJMaxxDear Mr. Herrman,I am writing to tell you that I have stopped shopping in TJMaxx stores since the election in November of 2016. That is when I became aware that you carry Ivanka accessories. I m sure that you have not missed my 100 or so dollars a month that I would usually spend at your store. But I have missed shopping with you. This is probably hurting me more than it is you. But the real hurt is what is being delivered to our nation by Trump.Let me be very clear: The objective of boycotting is not to destroy your business or to cause job losses. The objective is to send a direct message to you, the CEO, to your Board of Directors, and your stockholders that your merchandising choice regarding Ivanka brand goods needs to change.I know that public pressure and consumer spending has a big effect on markets and policy. Just this week, the CEO of Uber resigned from Trump s Economic Advisory Council. Uber profited from continuing service at JFK airport last weekend when all the NYC cabs boycotted the airport in a show of support for the protesters. Consequently, 200,000 customers deleted their Uber accounts. The CEO decided it wasn t economically advantageous to be aligned with the Trump administration.Recently, the retailers: Shoes.com, Neiman Marcus, and Nordstrom s all cancelled their Ivanka fashion and jewellery line because of public outcry and customer boycotts of their stores.In a consumer based economy, our money has power. So I am asking you to cancel your merchandising of Ivanka accessories. Please let me know as soon as possible when you have done this, so that I can resume shopping at my favorite TJMaxx store.In the meantime, I am going to donate the $100.00 I would have spent at your establishment this month to the ACLU, so that green card holders, immigrants and refugees seeking to enter the US can have some legal representation.Sincerely and respectfully, Your Once Loyal Customer,Candy Jones, Rutland ",0
19172,Hillary Supporter MARK CUBAN Makes Most Ignorant Statement About Trump Since Election When He Claimed Stock Market Would Tank [VIDEO],"TMZ caught up with Mavericks owner and Hillary supporter Mark Cuban yesterday to ask what he thought of President Donald J. Trump. Arizona citizens must be thrilled to hear billionaire Mark Cuban who has personal security surrounding him talk about how ridiculous Trump s efforts to secure our borders and keep our nation safe from foreigners who sneak in with actual refugees with a goal of doing harm to our nation.WATCH CUBAN S SOUR GRAPES INTERVIEW HERE:Well, that s not exactly what happened now is it Cuban?Here s what REALLY happened to the stock market after Trump s election: Market Watch   U.S. stocks rallied Wednesday, with the Dow industrials jumping 257 points, led by a surge in financial, health-care and industrial stocks, as investors bet on the infrastructure spending policy promised by President-elect Donald Trump.The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +1.40% gained as much as 316 points, briefly surpassing the all-time closing high set in August. The index closed 256.95 points, or 1.4%, higher at 18,589.69, its highest level since Aug. 18. Pfizer Inc. PFE, +7.07% and Caterpillar Inc CAT, +7.70% led the gains, rallying more than 7%.Way to go Cuban you just reminded us of how little you know about economics or choosing the right candidate for President Keep up the great work Mark. You re really helping out your brand. ",0
19173,NORDSTROM STOCK TAKES NOSEDIVE After Trump Tweets About Their Decision To Discontinue Ivanka’s Brand,"UPDATE: Nordstrom stock closed up slightly today, after taking a hit yesterday following President Trump s tweet.President Trump tweeted about Nordstrom dumping his daughter s brand today and the company is seeing an immediate, negative market reaction. Nordstrom and its outlet store, Nordstrom Rack, announced last week that they were dumping Ivanka s line of shoes and accessories because of poor sales and likely pressure from liberal boycotters who made Nordstrom a top target in their anti-Trump actions.Here is his tweet: My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person   always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017And here are a few tweets from women who are saying they re finished with Nordstrom: https://twitter.com/immigrant4trump/status/829529883671945216Conservatives protest w/ their wallets, Democrats protest by rioting, looting & wearing vagina outfits  Deplorable Mary E (@CarverCallie) February 9, 2017If Nordstrom's want to get involved in politics, then I will do my part as well. Nordstrom card in pieces now.  DrainTheSwamp (@zfamilymn) February 8, 2017And then there was this public service tweeter who actually offered Twitter users a phone number to call to cancel customer credit cards:# to call to Cancel Nordstrom credit card: 800.964.1800  Tweetheart  (@tweetheart2017) February 9, 2017While Trump s missive caused, as usual, a wave of outraged responses on Twitter, it also hit Nordstrom in the pocketbook. As soon as Trump Tweeted, shares of Nordstrom stock took a dive.This might be the last thing Nordstrom needs: its stock had remained steady most of 2016, but took a 14% hit in December on news that department stores had a rough holiday season.But the Seattle-based luxury retailer isn t alone in suffering the  Trump effect.  A number of companies, including Boeing, Carrier and even Amazon have suffered the same result after Donald Trump took to social media to complain about their business models or product prices.  Heat Street ",0
19174,WOW! NEW YORK TIMES ADMITS They “Cooked The Numbers” To Keep SOLD OUT Book About SHOCKING Story Media Hid From Public Off Bestseller List,"In 2013 Dr Kermit Gosnell was convicted of killing four people, including three babies, but is thought to have killed hundreds, perhaps thousands more in a 30-year killing spree.Gosnell is currently serving three life sentences (without the possibility of parole) for murdering babies and patients at his  House of Horrors  abortion clinic.This book now a major movie starring Dean Cain (Lois & Clarke) reveals how the investigation that brought Gosnell to justice started as a routine drugs investigation and turned into a shocking unmasking of America s biggest serial killer. It details how compliant politicians and bureaucrats allowed Dr. Gosnell to carry out his grisly trade because they didn t want to be accused of  attacking abortion.  Gosnell also exposes the media coverup that saw reporters refusing to cover a story that shone an unwelcome spotlight on abortion in America in the 21st century.Gosnell is an astounding piece of investigative journalism revealing a coverup among the medical political and media establishments that allowed a killer to go undetected for decades.Newsbusters  Among other things, Gosnell was convicted May 2013 of first-degree murder of three babies (while the nightmarish Grand Jury report, The Hollywood Reporter has noted,  alleges Gosnell killed hundreds of infants by sticking scissors into their necks ).On Tuesday, The New York Times responded to a Regnery statement Thursday criticizing the news outlet for  refus[ing] to include Gosnell on their nonfiction  Print Hardcover Best Sellers  list. While Gosnell made No. 13 on the Times   Combined Print & E-Book Nonfiction  list, Regnery still accused the news outlet because it  ignored the real sales numbers and refused to correctly list Gosnell as the 4th bestselling nonfiction title. The publishing company argued that Gosnell reached No. 3 on Amazon s best-seller book list and was named Amazon s No. 1  Hot New Release.   This was all without any mainstream media attention no reviews, no features, no author interviews,  the statement added.A New York Times representative defended the outlet s methodology Tuesday in a comment to MRC Culture:The Times s best-seller lists are based on a detailed analysis of book sales from a wide range of retailers who provide us with specific and confidential context of their sales each week. These standards are applied consistently, across the board in order to provide Times readers our best assessment of what books are the most broadly popular at that time.She added,  That process is not influenced in any way by the content of a book, or by pressure from publishers or book sellers. Unfortunately, the Gosnell story has faced media silence from the very beginning. Even Gosnell s trial, in which witnesses described baby abortion survivors  swimming  in toilets  to get out,  attracted a mere 12   15 reporters. And that came only after a local columnist tweeted a picture of the empty courtroom benches reserved for press. Only after 56 days, multiple letters from members of the House of Representatives and a public outcry, did all three broadcast networks report on Gosnell.Watch Megyn Kelly tear Dr. Gosnell s attorney who attempts to make her viewers believe Dr. Gosnell was a  good guy  and a  perfect gentleman after he was convicted of murder:From the authors, Ann McElhinney and Phelim McAleer:The  newspaper  has admitted it does not use sales numbers to decide which books are  allowed  on its  Best Sellers List . For The New York Times the numbers of books bought by real people don t matter. According to a statement they take into account the  context  of the sales. The context?????According to The New York Times this  context  allows them  to provide Times readers our best assessment of what books are the most broadly popular at that time.  In other words   to hell with the numbers we will decide what is popular and you can be sure it won t be a truthful book revealing the truth about abortion   even though that is what people are buying. The New York Times Best Sellers List is a Fake List in a Fake Newspaper.Well we need to send a message to these  elites  who seem to hate the the truth.Please send this link www.GosnellBook.com to as many people as you can and buy as many copies as you can. Give them to friends or donate them to your local library. We need to make sure that the mainstream media can no longer ignore this book or the truth about Kermit Gosnell. They tried to coverup the case when he was on trial. We defeated them then and we can do it again.The cover-up stops now.Thank you, Ann and Phelim",0
19175,"NORDSTROM DISCONTINUES Ivanka Trump Brand After Boycott Threats…Continues To Sell Line By Trashy, Cop-Bashing, Race-Obsessed Beyoncé","When Nordstrom announced on Thursday that it will no longer be selling this season s merchandise from Ivanka Trump s fashion line over boycotts from the Left, I was truly shocked. Nordstrom discontinued a line by the daughter of the President of the United States because they Left doesn t  agree with his positions on national security. Let that sink in!Imagine the outrage if Nordstrom agreed to cancel a clothing line by Malia Obama because conservatives didn t approve of the former President Obama.If we had an honest journalist in the mainstream media, they would be exposing the hypocrisy of the Left, who relentless demand we show  tolerance  for other points of view while behaving like the most intolerant group of people in the world.The end of the relationship between the department-store chain and Trump s brand came after boycott threats from the  Grab Your Wallet  campaign, which has called on people to stay away from companies that sell both Ivanka and Donald Trump s merchandise, the Seattle Times reported.Nordstrom tweeted that the decision to stop selling Trump s brand was not a political move but one that was  based on its sales performance.  A spokesperson for Nordstrom did not say if the decision to stop selling Trump s fashion line was permanent.  WFB",0
19176,"CONSEQUENCES OF NON-ASSIMILATION: Swedish School That Won “Peace Prize” For Enrolling Most Migrants Is Now WAR ZONE With Barbed Wire, Check Point","Criminals who try to recruit immigrant students, drug dealing and massive brawls between different ethnic groups. This is the situation in Malm , Sweden where they have opened their doors to a flood of unvetted refugees ***Disclaimer***This article has been translated from Swedish to English language. We have tried not to alter the original content, so the grammar is a bit rough in a few places.In 2015, V rnhem School received the  Peace Prize  for having received the highest number of newly arrived pupils (refugees or immigrants) in Malm . Today, they find themselves in a very different situation, as security guards and barbed wire had to be installed in order to deal with the crime and violence brought into the school by unvetted refugees who are unwilling to assimilate.So what went wrong?According to students, on November 18 2016, a guy pissed in V rnhem school drinking fountain. He was angry because some guys of other nationalities looked at his girl. He confronted them and full chaos and fights erupted between newly arrived students from the Middle East and Afghanistan, whose relationship with the school long been tense.More rushing up the stairs to the dining room to take part in the fight. The fight spread outside the school where a student gets attacked by several people and is so badly beaten that he had to be taken away by ambulance to the hospital.A total of three fights break out at different times of the afternoon. In the end, the school administration in consultation with the police decided that the school should be closed.About 2,000 students were forced to go home. The decision was made for the school to remain closed on Monday as well. Teachers need to regain control to ensure students  safety.Guards are present in the school, but the unrest still continues. There is barbed wire and security guards.On 11 January this year, press two security guards on the attack alarm then a sixteen year old and an age of eighteen shoved and threatened them with violence inside the school. When the police make the students resisted. The youngest of them punched one of the policemen.In a short time grows V rnhem school from eight to 35 classes for students who recently arrived in Sweden.It has become increasingly clear that schools can not keep up. Several teachers warn that they are concerned about increased polarization. In addition, criminals are getting into the school to recruit students. Both staff and pupils testify that criminals on several occasions have gone up to the new migrants and tried to entice them to commit crimes, from store theft to peddling dope.For entire story: ExpressenWatch this unbelievable video showing riots breaking out in the Minneapolis South High School cafeteria. Would you like your child attending this school? My lunch was third lunch,  Glasker said.  There was fight after fight after fight. People couldn t breathe It was very scary. She said the fights were over pride. I know it s a pride thing between Muslims and black people,  she said.  They want their pride back for something. I don t know. She also said  boys were hitting girls  and that some people were lying on the floor, with their hands over their heads, in surrender. They didn t know if someone was going to bring out a knife, or if someone was going to bring out a gun,  Glasker said. ",0
19177,SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP! Senator Whack-Job Warren Gets Rebuked After Ignoring Senate Rules…Makes Desperate Last Ditch “Race Card” Play Against Jeff Sessions [VIDEO],"Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell shut down Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren during a Senate floor speech on Tuesday, accusing the Democrat of violating Senate rules by criticizing their colleague and attorney general nominee, Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions.Warren was warned early on in her remarks by Montana Sen. Steve Daines, the Republican overseeing the floor speeches, after she quoted Coretta Scott King, the late widow of Martin Luther King, Jr.Warren quoted King asserting that Sessions had  exhibited so much hostility to the enforcement  of voting rights laws for blacks.Daines struck his gavel and reprimanded Warren, who is one of a handful of Democrats who plan an all-night Senate floor session to oppose the Trump nominee. The senator is reminded that it is a violation of Rule 19 of the standing rules of the Senate to  impute to another senator or senators any conduct or motive unworthy or becoming a senator,  Daines said.Around 20 minutes later, McConnell interrupted Warren s speech to invoke Rule 19. The senator has impugned the motives and conduct of our colleague from Alabama as warned by the chair,  said McConnell. Senator Warren, quote, said Senator Sessions has  used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote of black citizens.  I call the senator to order under the provisions of Rule 19. Warren protested. Mr. President, I am surprised that the words of Coretta Scott King are not suitable for debate in the United States Senate. I ask leave of the Senate to continue my remarks. McConnell objected to Warren s request and Daines ordered her to take her seat.Warren appealed the ruling and called for a quorum vote to delay the proceedings.Despite Democrats  protest speeches, Sessions is expected to be approved as attorney general on Wednesday.  Daily CallerIt s a sickening game Democrats play with the character of other people who don t agree with them and their radical views. They have no problem impugning the good name of Senator Jeff Sessions, who has an impeccable record of service to our nation, as long as he has been completely discredited by the time he takes office.",0
19178,WATCH Huge Crowd Of Muslims Admit That ALL Muslims Should Be Considered “Extremists”…Any Questions?,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Mehk5eWcZA,0
19179,‘SLEEPY’ JUSTICE GINSBURG: Excites Crowd By Saying She’d Back Abolition Of The Electoral College [Video],So much for the SCOTUS not being political Check out her comments on equality for women. It s like she s time traveled back to the 50 s. What is the deal with these women that think we re still in the dark ages!,0
19180,TIME TRAVELER NANCY PELOSI Says She Just Can’t Work With…President Bush??? [Video], ,0
19181,ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS DESTROY ITALY…Open Borders Have Terrible Consequences! [Video],"In June of 2016 over 10,000 migrants came to Italy via boat:More than 10,000 migrants have crossed the Mediterranean to Italy in just four days as the European Union fails to provide a deterrent by sending back those found not to be genuine refugees. EU leaders will today be presented with figures that show as few as six per cent of those told go back home to Africa last year actually left.Remember that the European Union is all for open borders in Europe Scattered acts of vandalism by immigrants continued throughout the day as some smashed store windows. Police said that in two separate incidents locals had tried to run over immigrants with their cars. Schools and many shops were closed.Hundreds of local residents gathered outside the town hall on Friday evening, many of them asking that the government intervene against the immigrants. They are the ones who should be afraid now, they should go away,  one resident told Sky Italia television.ANGRY LOCALS REFUSE TO ACCEPT THE MIGRANTS:",0
19182,HIGH-LEVEL WHISTLEBLOWER Exposes Astonishing Evidence Of Exaggerated Global Warming Data Used To DUPE World Leaders Into Investing Billions,"This isn t the first time  scientists  have been caught manipulating evidence in their quest to convince the world global, warming, cooling, climate change is real, and it certainly won t be the last.Thank goodness for whistleblowers The UK Daily Mail on Sunday today revealed astonishing evidence that the organization that is the world s leading source of climate data rushed to publish a landmark paper that exaggerated global warming and was timed to influence the historic Paris Agreement on climate change.A high-level whistleblower has told this newspaper that America s National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) breached its own rules on scientific integrity when it published the sensational but flawed report, aimed at making the maximum possible impact on world leaders including Barack Obama and David Cameron at the UN climate conference in Paris in 2015.The report claimed that the  pause  or  slowdown  in global warming in the period since 1998   revealed by UN scientists in 2013   never existed, and that world temperatures had been rising faster than scientists expected. Launched by NOAA with a public relations fanfare, it was splashed across the world s media, and cited repeatedly by politicians and policy makers.But the whistleblower, Dr John Bates, a top NOAA scientist with an impeccable reputation, has shown The Mail on Sunday irrefutable evidence that the paper was based on misleading,  unverified  data.It was never subjected to NOAA s rigorous internal evaluation process   which Dr Bates devised.His vehement objections to the publication of the faulty data were overridden by his NOAA superiors in what he describes as a  blatant attempt to intensify the impact  of what became known as the Pausebuster paper.His disclosures are likely to stiffen President Trump s determination to enact his pledges to reverse his predecessor s  green  policies, and to withdraw from the Paris deal   so triggering an intense political row.  Daily Mail ",0
19183,DINGBAT DEMOCRAT Maxine Waters Hopes Trump Won’t Serve 4 Years…Thinks Putin Invaded Korea [VIDEO],"When will the Democrats realize they lost the election because America is sick of their intolerant and hateful behavior and in the case of Maxine Waters and Nancy Pelosi, the outright idiocy .Sorry, Maxine. You can t impeach a president because you don t like him. And, Putin didn t invade  Korea.  It was Crimea.Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) wants Donald Trump impeached.CNS News reported: I have not called for the impeachment (of President Donald Trump) yet,  Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.) told a news conference on Monday.  He s doing it himself. On Friday, Waters said she hoped Trump would not serve for four years:  And my greatest is to lead him right into impeachment. On Monday, Waters clarified:  Let me just say the statement I made was a statement in response to questions and pleas that I am getting from many citizens across this country. What are we going to do?Waters also said Putin invaded  Korea. Which is nonsense.Putin invaded Crimea   but it s likely Waters couldn t find it on a map.Keep talking, Democrats. Keep talking.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
19184,HUNDREDS RALLY After Atheist Group Forces Mayor To Remove Christian Flag From Veterans Memorial [Video],The group called Freedom from Religion has been going all over America to force towns to remove any religious symbols.Mississippi Town Fights Back Against Effort To Remove Christmas Display:  I just feel like Christians lose a lot nowadays because we re too polite. ATHEISTS SUE GOVERNOR OF TEXAS Over Display on Capitol GroundsThey re all over the place! It s time to fight back against this group!,0
19185,ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES: MUSLIM MAYOR Makes NJ City A Sanctuary City: “No City Funds Or Resources Shall Be Used To Assist In The Enforcement Of Federal Immigration Law”,"Nothing says respect for America and for your elected office like using an executive order to make it easier for people who entered our country illegally to break the law without fear of persecution Watch for the political stock of Mohamed Khairullah, the Syrian-born Mayor of Prospect Park, to rise in Democratic circles after he signed an executive order on Friday that declared the Passaic County borough of 5,865 a sanctuary for immigrants.Hailing from Aleppo, which has become synonymous with the worst violence of the long Syrian civil war and has thus created tens of thousands of refugees, Khairullah immigrated to the United States in 1991, was elected Councilman in 2001, and has been the Mayor since 2006.Khairullah directly refers to his own past in explaining why he signed the order:  It is important to me as a person who came to the U.S as an immigrant, that we uphold our laws and values,  he said Saturday, according to NJ.com.  The U.S is the land of opportunity and dreams for many people all over the world. The heightened profile for Khairullah, a former teacher in the Paterson public schools who worked at Office Depot, represents growing political power for Muslims in New Jersey politics.Seven weeks ago, Passaic County elected its first Muslim Freeholder when Assad Akhter, a deputy chief of staff to U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell and the son of Pakistani immigrants, took of the seat of Hector Lora. Lora resigned to become Mayor of Passaic.   Observer NJ",0
19186,SHOCKING VIDEO Shows How Easily Islamic Terrorists Are Able To Enter The U.S.A. From Canada,"Conservative filmmaker Dennis Michael Lynch has made some shocking and eye-opening movies that address our nation s failure to properly secure our borders. Lynch s  They Come To America III: The Cost Of Obama s Legacy  is his most compelling and shocking movie to date. There are some terrifying moments when Lynch exposes Muslim training camps right here in America. In addition to training camps in the US, Dennis Michael Lynch takes us to our northern border to show just how easily Islamic terrorists can cross into the United States. Lynch s interview with an undercover US Border Agent exposes the cover-ups and lies our previous administration used in an attempt to make us trust that our government was sufficiently protecting our borders. As Lynch proves in this short clip, nothing could be further from the truth.WATCH this shocking trailer, as it shows how vulnerable our nation is to terrorists entering the US from Canada: ",0
19187,NYC MAYOR DE BLASIO…Putting Illegal Aliens Before The Safety Of Americans: It’s Okay To Protect Illegal Alien Drunk Drivers [VIDEO],"CNN s Jake Tapper asked New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio if he would protect illegal aliens living in the sanctuary city of New York following President Donald J. Trump s executive orders on immigration, specifically the ones targeting sanctuary cities.De Blasio said that there are inaccuracies about New York City s sanctuary status. He said that there were 500,000 illegal aliens in the city, and law enforcement said that it was critical in the war on crime to allow these people to come forward and report crimes without the fear of being deported. He added that this is a policy that goes back to the Ed Koch era. Moreover, De Blasio mentioned that Trump s executive order to target funding could impact the Department of Homeland Security anti-terrorism dollars that flow into the NYPD.Via: Townhall",0
19188,HAVE AMERICANS HAD ENOUGH YET? Anti-Trump Protesters Block Ambulance With Critically Ill Patient Inside [VIDEO],"Protesters decrying President Donald Trump s two-week-old administration prevented an ambulance carrying a  critically ill  patient from getting to Yale-New Haven hospital during a protest Saturday in New Haven, Connecticut.Roughly 200 demonstrators marched to Route 34 around 5 p.m. carrying a banner emblazoned with the words  No Ban No Wall New Haven,  they blocked traffic on the highway the ambulance was taking.The protesters  obstructed an ambulance carrying a critically ill patient,  the state police report read, according to the New Haven Independent.  Due to this delay, ambulance personnel were required to perform an emergency medical procedure in the ambulance instead of at the hospital. One protester in particular who stood in the ambulance s path refused to move when asked by police to do so. The officers tried to guide him out of the way. He pushed an officer trying to get back,  Shift Commander Lt. Sam Brown told the Independent, noting that the man was brought to the ground and arrested.Watch:The patient s resulting condition has not been publicly disclosed.Police at the scene arrested at least three protesters, including Norman Clement, one of the organizers. Clement incurred several charges, including inciting a riot and disorderly conduct.  Lifezette",0
19189,BEST EXPLANATION EVER Of Why NFL Chose “Pop-Stars” Lady Gaga And Beyonce As America’s #Superbowl Half-Time Acts [VIDEO], Our moral fabric is irreparably damaged Watch:,0
19190,WATCH BILL O’REILLY’S EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW With President Trump [Video],"WATCH NOW IN FULL: @oreillyfactor s exclusive #SuperBowl interview with President @realDonaldTrump. pic.twitter.com/p2gIid0fzE  Fox News (@FoxNews) February 5, 2017",0
19191,“F*ck Trump! F*ck White People!” LEFTY GOES NUTS On Judge Jeanine…Proves She’s Clueless On Freedom Of Speech [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZ7GrEItGoo,0
19192,WOW! Kellyanne Conway’s “MISTAKE” Forced Leftist Media To Expose What REALLY Happened In Bowling Green…And The TRUTH About These Iraqi “Refugees” Is P.R. Nightmare For The Left [VIDEO],"President Donald Trump s Senior Counselor Kellyanne Conway clarified a comment in which she mistakenly referred to a  Bowling Green Massacre. She said Friday on Twitter that she meant to say  terrorists  instead of  massacre,  referencing a 2013 ABC News story on two suspected terrorists living as refugees in Kentucky.According to the story:  The discovery in 2009 of two al Qaeda-Iraq terrorists living as refugees in Bowling Green, Kentucky   who later admitted in court that they d attacked U.S. soldiers in Iraq   prompted the bureau to assign hundreds of specialists to an around-the-clock effort aimed at checking its archive of 100,000 improvised explosive devices collected in the war zones, known as IEDs, for other suspected terrorists  fingerprints. An undercover FBI operation exposes Al Qaeda terrorists posing as refugees in the middle of the American heartland. They quickly learned the laxed background checks were to blame. But it turns out that may be just the beginning. There may be dozens more now in this country as well.The video below shows an admitted Al Qaeda terrorist who had already killed American soldiers in Iraq, trying to get weapons to kill more of them. And Authorities tell ABC News he may be just one of dozens of men with American blood on their hands where mistakenly allowed to settle in the US as refugees.The two men came from Iraq 4 years ago among tens of thousands of refugees who the State Department approved to come here, seen as  no threat to the US . But the two were in fact, as the FBI says part of an Al Qaeda connected insurgent group that had already killed American soldiers with road side bombs. One bomb killed 4 members of the Pennsylvania National Guard on patrol in a Humvee in 2005. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whx0USVGce0",0
19193,INSIDE TRUMP’S CHARITY BALL Tonight At Beautiful Mar-A-Lago…Protests Outside [Video],"Trump on immigration appeal:  We ll win. For the safety of the country we ll win.  pic.twitter.com/ffOPCgtPBv  Jennifer Epstein (@jeneps) February 5, 2017One lucky guest got a photo with the President and First Lady:The lavish ballroom decorated for tonight:Poolside tonight:The gala has a history at Mar-a-Lago: The estate s first owner, Marjorie Meriweather Post, hosted the first Red Cross Ball there in 1957:Since then, it has been held at Mar-a-Lago and The Breakers, with Trump playing host several times throughout the years.As those attending the ball arrived Saturday night, anti-Trump protesters were gathered outside the club, positioned along Southern Boulevard and held behind a temporary barrier by Palm Beach police and Palm Beach County sheriff s deputies.Read more: Palm Beach Post",0
19194,TRUMP IS REPORTEDLY Preparing Executive Order To Deport Illegals Living On Welfare…Kill Anchor Baby Benefits,"According to the Center for Immigration Studies, in 2012 approximately 51 percent of all immigrant households collected welfare: HOW THE USDA Helps Illegal Aliens Get FREE Benefits Paid For By YOU! This is a problem. A lot of American households also collect welfare, and that is a problem as well.A liberal newspaper claims it has obtained copies of two of President Donald Trump s upcoming executive orders that if implemented would once and for all stop immigrants from leeching off the American taxpayer.Obtained by The Washington Post, the orders would reportedly  deny admission to any alien who is likely to become a public charge  and set up standards for  determining whether an alien is deportable   for having become a public charge within five years of entry. The underlying goal would be to make the U.S. immigration system more  merit-based,  so those with the potential to contribute to the country would be welcome, whereas those more likely to be a burden to the American taxpayer would be kept out.According to New York magazine, the order would also  bar undocumented immigrants from accessing the child tax credit, even when their children are U.S. citizens,  which would be a huge blow to illegal immigrant families hoping to cash in on their anchor babies.The simple fact is that as a sovereign nation, the United States reserves the right to demand the very best from anyone who aspires to live here. It is a fact that the U.S. actually has much more lenient immigration policies than a large number of Western countries that liberals profess to admire. Try immigrating to Canada or Western Europe if you don t believe it.If an immigrant works hard, obtains citizenship and leads a good life but is later laid off and needs to collect welfare for a bit, that s one thing. But when someone immigrates here and then immediately boards the welfare train, that is another   and it s a problem that President Trump hopes to finally resolve.For entire story: Conservative Tribune",0
19195,RADICAL DIRECTOR OF SIERRA CLUB: Abortion is the key to “sustainable population” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=139&v=Iil1Z8-A1GA,0
19196,MAXINE WATERS TELLS THE “GREATEST DESIRE” FOR NASTY DEMS: “To Lead Trump Right Into Impeachment” [Video],"Congresswoman @MaxineWaters, on working with President Trump:  My greatest desire is to lead him right into impeachment.  #CheddarLIVE pic.twitter.com/Hr5THHR3XM  Cheddar (@cheddar) February 3, 2017",0
19197,MMA FIGHTER JAKE SHIELDS Embarrasses Cowards In Masks For Violent 20-on-1 Beating of Trump Supporter [VIDEO]: “I was in Berkeley and watched a man getting beat by a mob with no police help…I was the only person to jump in and help”,"Opposing views and beliefs has much of this country in a heated feud. With Donald Trump being recently inaugurated as the 45th President of the United States of America, citizens have been going to war with one another with their polar points of view.On Wednesday, Milo Yiannopoulos, a strong right-wing social figure, was scheduled to speak at UC Berkeley. However, protests that grew into violence between members of opposing sides broke out causing Yiannopoulos  speech to be canceled.In the midst of the violence being carried out in the area, Jake Shields was present and apparently helped a man from being severely beaten.  BjPennWatch MMA fighter Jason Shields embarrass the cowards with their faces covered who were part of the mob of 20 men from a domestic terror group, that identifies with an anti-fascist movement, severely beating an innocent man attending Milo Yiannopoulos  speech.Following Shield s brave act that could have saved the life of an innocent man being attacked by 20 cowards, one of the  anti-fascists  involved in beating walks up to Shields to ask if he s okay?Shields tells the cowards in the masks:  There s no f*cking reason (to have beaten this man). Dude, you guys have your faces covered, you re attacking people, you re being f**king fascists. Look at you guys. You re f*cking embarrassing. You don t let 20 people jump a man. It s not okay! The coward in the mask answers: There s a f*cking Nazi thing at the University, that why everybody s here. Shields responds:  What Nazi thing? Who s a Nazi? The Jew guy that was speaking? The gay Jew? Coward in mask responds:  He s not a Jew, he s Greek! what exactly did he say? Every kept saying he's a nazi but know knew why. They call everyone with a different opinion a nazi  Jake Shields (@jakeshieldsajj) February 2, 2017The idiocy of these violent people just looking for a fight can pretty much be summed up with that one completely uneducated sentence. These freaks are apparently there protesting a  Nazi,  yet have no idea what a Nazi is or that when you say someone is  Jewish,  you are speaking about their religion and not their nationality.Watch:The aftermath of me helping a guy after being jumped by thugs. The police and 100's of civilians stood and watched. pic.twitter.com/7hN2iJ4kkf  Jake Shields (@jakeshieldsajj) February 2, 2017I was in Berkeley and watched a man getting beat by a mob with no police help. I was the only person to jump in and help  Jake Shields (@jakeshieldsajj) February 2, 2017Shields tweeted,  it was sad to watch 20 people beat a man with no one helping. it was sad to watching 20 people beat a man with no one helping  Jake Shields (@jakeshieldsajj) February 2, 2017",0
19198,LIBERAL FED JUDGE Who Sided With BLACK LIVES MATTER Terror Group Over Seattle Cops STOPS Trump’s Immigration Travel Ban [VIDEO],"First, U.S. District Judge Nathaniel M. Gorton, in Boston, said in a preliminary 21-page ruling that he would not extend a seven-day restraining order that has prevented the travel restrictions from being implemented this week.A short time later on Friday, though, U.S. District Court Judge James Robart, in Seattle, upheld a challenge to Trump s order from the attorneys general of Washington state and Minnesota and issued another temporary national restraining order.On Friday, federal Judge James Robart, who was appointed by former President George Bush in 2003, ruled that the President Trump s immigration executive order would be stopped nationwide effective immediately. GPThis is a great story that illustrates the power one liberal judge can wield from the bench.U.S. District Judge Robart, who is presiding over a 2012 consent decree requiring the city to adopt reforms to address federal allegations of police bias, rebuked the Seattle police union for holding up reforms as it bargains over a new contract, The Seattle Times reported.Watch here:Watch federal judge James Robart's #BlackLivesMatter declaration, plus his challenge to Seattle's police union. pic.twitter.com/UDgQl2XCiu  Ansel Herz (@Ansel) August 23, 2016 Judge Robart, a George W. Bush appointee, said proposed police reform legislation should include putting a civilian in charge of police oversight, shutting down a police-led disciplinary board and creating a civilian position of inspector general.Judge Robart threatened to call a hearing and override the city s bargaining process with the union if he concluded the union was interfering with reform, The Times reported.The judge ended Monday s hearing by citing a statistic that claimed 41 percent of the shootings nationwide by police were of blacks. Black lives matter,  he said, drawing an audible reaction in a courtroom, The Times reported.",0
19199,"PATRIOTS OWNER On Trump: “In The Toughest Time In My Life, He Was There For Me When My Beloved Wife Died, He Called Me Once A Week For About A Year, ‘How ya doing?'” [VIDEO]","Patriots owner Robert Kraft tells Brian Kilmeade of Fox and Friends about the special friend that Trump was to him and how he went out of his way to help him after his  beloved  wife died,  I m loyal to my friends, I remember who the people are  there when the tough times are there and he did that for me. ""I remember who the people are there when the tough times are there and he did that for me."" -Robert Kraft on his friendship with Pres Trump pic.twitter.com/pQiBWDYCtF  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) February 3, 2017",0
19200,BOOM! Fed Judge Ruling UNBLOCKS Trump Travel Ban…Asks ACLU Lawyer: “Where Does It Say Muslim Countries?”,"***UPDATE to story below***In a blow to every mainstream media news outlet (and likely hurting a lot of feelings), President Donald Trump s ban on immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries will take effect in Boston on Sunday after a federal judge refused to extend a temporary ruling blocking its enforcement.As Bloomberg reports, the decision by U.S. District Judge Nathaniel Gorton on Friday dealt a setback to rights advocates who argued that blocking people from seven nations in the Middle East was unconstitutional. Gorton was weighing whether to extend a seven-day order blocking parts of Trump s Executive Order.The case, filed by the American Civil Liberties Union on behalf of several affected immigrants, is one of several that followed Trump s Jan 27 order, which roiled global travel by barring entry to the U.S. of citizens of Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Individuals, organizations, politicians and some states called it unconstitutional religious discrimination against Muslims.As GMA News Onine reports, U.S. District Judge Nathaniel Gorton on Friday asked Matthew Segal, an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) representing the plaintiffs in the Boston case. If your honor s question is,  Does the word  Muslim  make a profound presence in this executive order?,  my answer is that it doesn t,  But the president described what he was going to do as a Muslim ban and then he proceeded to carry it out. Am I to take the words of an executive at any point before or after election as a part of that executive order? Judge Gorton on Friday asked U.S. Justice Department lawyer Joshua Press how the seven countries had been selected.Press responded that the list had come from a law passed in 2015 and amended early last year requiring that citizens of the seven countries apply for visas to enter the United States,  out of concern about the refugees that were coming, mainly from Syria at that time and terrorist events that were occurring in Europe.  As we noted previously, only 12.5% of the world s Muslims live in the seven countries on Trump s immigration ban list Which left the judge to decide (as the full docket explains here), The language in Section 5 of the EO is neutral with respect to religion, The provisions of Section 5, however, could be invoked to give preferred refugee status to a Muslim individual in a country that is predominately Christian. Nothing in Section 5 compels a finding that Christians are preferred to any other group. The order provides a reasonably conceivable state of facts (which concerns national security and) that could provide a rational basis for the classification,  he wrote.  Accordingly, this Court declines to encroach upon the  delicate policy judgment  inherent in immigration decisions. ORDERFor the forgoing reasons, the Court declines to impose any injunctive relief and will not renew the temporary restraining order that was entered on January 29, 2017 (Docket No. 6). Full Order at Zero HedgeUPDATE:Two federal judges across the country from each other issued two separate and equally different decisions late Friday   one refusing to extend an injunction against President Donald Trump s U.S. travel suspension and one blocking its effect nationwide.First, U.S. District Judge Nathaniel M. Gorton, in Boston, said in a preliminary 21-page ruling that he would not extend a seven-day restraining order that has prevented the travel restrictions from being implemented this week.A short time later on Friday, though, U.S. District Court Judge James Robart, in Seattle, upheld a challenge to Trump s order from the attorneys general of Washington state and Minnesota and issued another temporary national restraining order. The state has met its burden in demonstrating immediate and irreparable injury,  Robart saidThe Boston ruling was a key victory for the Trump administration on the matter, but the win didn t last very long. The subsequent Seattle decision, meanwhile, represented the most significant legal setback yet in the battle over the president s directive   as it blocks the order with a new injunction.   UPI",0
19201,FIRE THIS WOMAN! RANTING NYU PROFESSOR GOES APESH*T On Cops At Protest: “F*ck You NYPD!” [Video]," Please RT until we identify this disgusting NYU Professor slandering Police as Nazi Sympathizers #BlueLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/2WgrNJu6mD  Democrats for Trump (@YoungDems4Trump) February 3, 2017",0
19202,WATCH PRESIDENT TRUMP ARRIVE ON AIR FORCE ONE: Scheduled To Host Red Cross Charity Event At Mar-A-Lago…Angry Leftists Plan Protest [VIDEO],"The president s visit stretches from Friday afternoon to Monday morning, when he will travel to MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa. He s then expected to head back to Washington, D.C.Here are five key things to know while Trump is in town:1. This is Trump s first visit to Palm Beach since his Jan. 20 inauguration.Before this trip, Trump s last visit to his Palm Beach home was over the Christmas and New Year s holidays, when he was still president-elect.While in town, he played golf twice: once with Tiger Woods at Trump s West Palm Beach golf course, and a second time on New Year s Eve at the Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter.Trump and first lady Melania attended a Christmas Eve church service at the historic Episcopal Church of Bethesda-by-the-Sea, where the couple was married and their son, Barron, was christened.2. The Trumps are expected to attend the 60th annual Red Cross Ball on Saturday night.The event was planned to be held at Mar-a-Lago well in advance of Trump s presidential election win, but that hasn t kept it from being a source of controversy. As the Red Cross prepares to possibly aid refugees affected by Trump s recent executive order, some have called for the organization to postpone or move the gala.However, the Red Cross Ball has a history at Mar-a-Lago. The estate s first owner, cereal heiress Marjorie Meriweather Post, was a noted supporter of the Red Cross, and began hosting the annual fundraiser there in 1957.3. This will be Melania Trump s first public appearance with her husband since the inauguration.Soon after the election, it was announced Melania and Barron, 10, would live in Trump Tower in New York City until Barron finishes his school year.Trump s daughter, Ivanka, has accompanied him on visits typically attended by the first lady, according to The New York Times.4. Protesters are expected to march through West Palm Beach on Saturday.Two local groups, South Florida Activism and Women s March Florida, are hosting a modified version of an earlier plan to march from Trump Towers in downtown West Palm Beach to Mar-a-Lago. Now, organizers say the march will head south to an area in West Palm Beach that sits just across the Intracoastal from Trump s lavish estate.The march, which kicks off at 5 p.m., could draw more than 2,200 people.5. Mar-a-Lago s original owner wanted the estate to be used as a  winter White House. Post, who built the mansion and named it Mar-a-Lago because it stretches  from ocean to lake,  left Mar-a-Lago to the federal government in her will. However, federal officials said,  Thanks but no thanks,  citing the high cost to maintain the property and its position under one of Palm Beach International Airport s primary flight paths.More than 10 years later, Trump purchased the estate and its furnishings for a bargain: $10 million.Via: Palm Beach Post",0
19203,POVERTY PIMP AL SHARPTON USES THE BIBLE To Say Dems Should Give “The Big Payback” To Republicans," He s being nominated to sit in Garland s seat,  Sharpton said.  President Barack Obama nominated Judge Garland, who has got as much or more qualifications as this nominee, to have been the Supreme Court judge   They stalled, they filibustered, they would not even give a hearing to Judge Garland. It is time for the Democrats now to say since you changed the rules, you re going to have to live by the rules that you applied to President Obama s nominee, and we are not going to allow you to change it, and we will use those rules to block this nominee, Judge Gorsuch. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWV34eRQQA0",0
19204,COMCAST GIVES EMPLOYEES Day Off To PROTEST TRUMP’S Pro-American Immigration Policy…CTO Compares Trump To Venezuelan Dictator Hugo Chavez,"Wow! I was just getting ready to switch our TV, internet and phone service to Comcast from AT&T. It looks like we ll be sticking with AT&T after all. It s interesting how many CEO s of major companies in America are not really all that interested in putting America first. Trump s immigration policy, designed to protect our nation from future terror attacks, has shined a light on these CEO s and has made it possible for the American consumer to choose companies who take our national security seriously NBC s corporate parent, Comcast, is joining the corporate backlash against President Donald Trump s popular immigration reform, partly prodded by the company s Indian-born Chief Technology Officer, Sree Kotay.The company provided employers at its Philadelphia headquarters time off on Thursday to protest Trump s popular policy, which is designed to reduce the inflow of costly refugees and to exclude migrants carrying  hostile attitudes.  Company protests were also expected in Washington D.C., New York and California.Trump s new policy seeks to exclude people who:do not support the Constitution, or those who would place violent ideologies over American law   those who engage in acts of bigotry or hatred (including  honor  killings, other forms of violence against women, or the persecution of those who practice religions different from their own) or those who would oppress Americans of any race, gender, or sexual orientation.Trump underlined the pro-American nature of his reform today, saying at the National Prayer Breakfast that;Our nation has the most generous immigration system in the world. But there are those who would exploit that generosity and undermine the values that we hold so dear. We need security. There are those who would seek to enter our country  to spread violence or oppressing other people based upon their faith.We will not allow  intolerance to spread in our nation  So in the coming days we will develop a system to make sure those admitted into our country fully embrace our values of religious and personal liberty and that they reject any form of oppression and discrimination. We want people to come into our nation but we want people to love us and love our values. Not hate us and hate our values.In Philadelphia, the 45-minute protest against the  hostile attitudes  policy was held just after lunch.Employees of Comcast in Philadelphia are walking out in protest against trumps immigration order. pic.twitter.com/hk69WdH088  Bianca Portillo (@BiancaAmarilis) February 2, 2017The growing campaign by corporations   including Google, Starbucks, Amazon, Lyft and Netflix   against the newly elected president and his immigration reform is shaped by their bottom-line desire to raise the inflow of immigrant consumers and cheap workers.But the corporate backlash is also boosted by sympathy from many top-level managers   both native-born and immigrant   towards striving migrants, regardless of the migrants  political or ideological views.Comcast s Kotay, for example, arrived in the United States as a child and worked his way to the top of the nation s high-tech sector, alongside other Indian immigrants who now running Google and Microsoft. In his Twitter account, he describes himself as  comcast. chief technology officer. immigrant. Kotay made his political sympathies clear in a message to his employees, in which he appears to described the elected President as  the enemy,  and also suggests that Trump is similar to now-dead Venezuelan dictator Hugo Chavez.The screenshot was leaked to a radio station, New Jersey 101.5.Kotay s Twitter feed also shows his personal dislike of Trump s policies, which may end up reducing the inflow of Indian-born migrants and contract-workers into the United States.#include #techhasnowalls https://t.co/jopiMpbBet  sree kotay (@sreekotay) February 1, 2017Trump s policy is designed to exclude  hostile immigrants,  including those who reject the U.S. constitution or who support violence via Islamic holy war or  jihad.  The new policy would also exclude people who endorse  honor killings  of women and girls, which is a widespread problem in India and a growing problem in the United States.Like many other progressive advocates, Kotay praises immigrants while downplaying the accomplishment of ordinary Americans, who either birthed most of Comcast s workforce and customers, and or remain the vast majority of Comcast s employees and customers.Those who would surrender liberty in the name of security deserve neither. pic.twitter.com/eF3bR6Mdw7  sree kotay (@sreekotay) January 28, 2017For entire story go to: Breitbart News",0
19205,NORDSTROM CANCELS IVANKA TRUMP BRAND After Liberal Complaints #BoycottNordstrom,"Nordstrom cancelled the Ivanka Trump line after a liberal organization called  Grab Your Wallet  flooded them with complaints. Shame on Nordstrom!The Trump family has had to sacrifice so much to do what they re doing for America. It s a shame that even though Nordstrom had said they wouldn t cancel Ivanka s product line LEFTISTS CALL FOR Ivanka Trump Brand Boycott This Huge Retailer Is Sticking With Her they caved to the pressure from the left!PLEASE CONTACT NORDSTROM AND COMPLAIN : NORDSTROM FEEDBACKDaily Mail reported:Nordstrom denied partisanship in the decision to drop Trump s brand, insisting the move was made as a result of poor sales months after it was hit by a grassroots boycott started by a marketing specialist and a grandmother.The move from Nordstrom comes after several other retailers have already stopped selling her merchandise due to the Grab Your Wallet campaign, which calls for shoppers to boycott retailers that carry her brand or her father s goods.The Grab Your Wallet campaign was launched on October 11 by Shannon Coulter and Sue Atencio after they  simultaneously realized they could no longer in good conscience shop at retailers that do business with the Trump family .The campaign compiled a list of businesses that sell Trump family goods. The extensive list also includes companies that advertise on Celebrity Apprentice or executives that have raised money for President Donald Trump.",0
19206,BREAKING: IRAN Tests Cruise Missile…Trump WARNS…They’re “Playing with fire…They don’t appreciate how ‘kind’ President Obama was to them. Not Me!” [VIDEO],"Peace through strength President Donald Trump raised the stakes with Iran again this morning by dashing off a tweet.The tweet comes a day after the new president dramatically raised the possibility of military action against Iran over its missiles test on Thursday saying  nothing is off the table  amid news that a new round of sanctions could be coming within hours. Sources told the Associated Press that up to two dozen Iranian individuals, companies and possibly government agencies could be penalized as part of the move.Action could come as early as later Friday, said the officials and others with knowledge of the decision. The individuals weren t authorized to discuss the unannounced sanctions publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity.Gen. Michael Flynn told reporters during a White House press briefing that the administration  condemns such actions by Iran that undermine security, prosperity and stability throughout and beyond the Middle East that puts American lives at risk.   As of today, we are officially putting Iran on notice,  he said.Trump used the phrase when asked directly if military action was possible, and after a series of angry tweets about how the Islamic republic tested a ballistic missile   something the nuclear bargain it struck with Barack Obama explicitly forbids. It also emerged Thursday that Iran has tested a cruise missile called  Sumar  that is capable of carrying nuclear weapons. The development was reported by German newspaper Die Welt reported Thursday, citing unspecified intelligence sources.Trump s personal involvement began earl on Thursday morning when he used social media to issue an explicit warning to Tehran.Trump has been openly hostile to the terms of the Obama-Tehran nuclear deal, saying during his presidential campaign that it was  stupid,   a disgrace,  and  the worst deal ever negotiated.  His tweets likely stand as the first time a head of state has used social media to threaten a foreign country. They were met with contempt by the Iranian regime.A top adviser to the Iranian supreme leader said the country will not yield to  useless  US threats from  an inexperienced person  over its ballistic missile program.Ali Akbar Velayati said, who is a senior counsel to Iran s most powerful man Ayatollah Ali Khamenei hit back. This is not the first time that an inexperienced person has threatened Iran,  he said. The American government will understand that threatening Iran is useless. The report of a cruise missile test in the German newspaper said the Sumar cruise missile was built in Iran and traveled around 375 miles in its first known successful test.The missile is believed to be capable of carrying nuclear weapons and may have a range of 1,200 to 1,800 miles, the paper said, citing intelligence sources.Cruise missiles are harder to counter than ballistic missiles since they fly at lower altitudes and can evade enemy radar, confounding missile defense missiles and hitting targets deep inside an opponent s territory.But the biggest advantage from Iran s point of view, a security expert told Die Welt, was that cruise missiles are not mentioned in any United Nations resolutions that ban work on ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear weapons.There has been no explicit response from Iran or from Washington on the cruise missile disclosure.However, Trump s National Security Advisor had issued his own stern warning to Tehran s mullahs on Wednesday.  Daily Mail ",0
19207,WHAT? DEMOCRAT CONGRESSWOMAN Calls Violent Riots At Berkeley A “Beautiful Thing” [Video],"Here s just one video from last night that will tell you all you need to know: We have seen demonstrations   and I think you already talked about that   around the country. Young people at Berkeley protesting against this unconstitutional order. And I heard it say earlier that we need to get involved on the local and state level. But what concerns me is that the strain that has been placed on local government, particularly local law enforcement dealing with an order that is unjust and proper. And so as we encourage our young people to get involved   I thought it was a beautiful site   as we encourage people to get involved, what direction and instructions and how can we have a more organized effort so that they can be a major tool in moving our agenda forward? Anyone who feels that they can answer this question? Thank you. ",0
19208,HILLARY’S LAP DOG VA Senator Tim Kaine Calls For VIOLENCE In The Streets To COMBAT TRUMP [VIDEO],"Can anyone imagine a sitting Republican Senator calling for violence or fighting in the streets in opposition to a newly elected Democratic President? On Tuesday Democratic Senator Time Kaine told the Morning Joe in an interview that Democrats need to fight the Trump administration including online and on the streets in addition to  the ballot box.Partial Transcript:MIKA BRZEZINSKI, CO-HOST  MORNING JOE : So, broad question about the future of the Democratic Party, especially given your firsthand experience with what we ve all been through. There s so much going on here that we clearly see, you know, places where you   we can criticize what the administration is doing, but how does the party rebuild? How do you prevent overreach in a situation like this? How do you prevent a continuation of the bubble in a situation like this, and how does the party reclaim its reach across the country while fighting these battles? SEN. TIM KAINE (D-VA): So, the way we get outside the bubble is we take advantage of this tremendous public outcry against the administration. What we ve got to do is fight in Congress, fight in the courts, fight in the streets, fight online, fight at the ballot box, and now there s the momentum to be able to do this. And we re not afraid of the popular outcry, we re energized by it and that s going to help us do our job and do it better.  -GPListen to faux man Tim Kaine call for fighting on the streets here. Pay special attention to his comment about the  Women s March  that  was organized under a grassroots  label.'  It sounds like Kaine s admitting that it was organized under a grassroots  label  but that it wasn t really grassroots at all. Why didn t he just come out and admit that it was organized by Soros, Obama and Planned Parenthood?We could also add the DNC s California Chair: In a sign of the vigor of the party s distaste for the president, outgoing party Chair John Burton, a longtime Democratic lawmaker and powerbroker known for his blunt and profane manner, extended two middle fingers in the air as the crowd cheered and joined him. F  Donald Trump,  he said:Outgoing @ca_dem chair @Johnburton gets standing O w final words to his party, finger upraised:  F@ck Donald Trump!  pic.twitter.com/VIqNQlhDJc  Carla Marinucci (@cmarinucci) May 20, 2017And we though Tom Perez was bad: Tom Perez must not have taken the class about winning friends and influencing people. How can you win over voters with such bitterness and anger? The Democrat Party has sunk to a new low with this classless thug. Who goes out there and speaks like this? We reported (see below) on the last speech Perez gave and he said the same nasty things. What gives? Are the deems so desperate that they re now resorting to profanity-filled speeches that make false claims about Republicans and President Trump? We think it s a losing strategy!",0
19209,BOLD! HOLLYWOOD ACTOR Speaks Up For Trump…Tells Anti-Trump Crowd To Knock It Off [Video], ,0
19210,#Berkeley IRONY ALERT! ANARCHISTS LOOT STARBUCKS…Destroy Store Windows [Video]," Smashing windows How progressive!Protests against alt-right speaker Milo move off UC Berkeley campus and into the streets. pic.twitter.com/c8CKFszmPJ  Shane Bauer (@shane_bauer) February 2, 2017  Riots and Berkeley campus protesting Milo event. pic.twitter.com/xk2y7UKFF7  Shane Bauer (@shane_bauer) February 2, 2017The Starbucks was literally destroyed and looted: ",0
19211,#Berkeley CRAZY! RIOTERS CHASE And Beat People Shouting: “Beat his ass!” [Video],"Is anyone else thinking what we re thinking about the violent riot that happened in Berkeley, California last night? Where the hell were the police??? This was being reported on live TV and all you could see were protesters and NOT cops. It s up to the local authorities to send in protection so it s not up to the cops. Why were the local authorities not prepared for this?",0
19212,VIOLENT RIOT Shuts Down Free Speech Of Breitbart’s #MiloYiannopoulos #Berkeley [Video],"PRICELESS! MILO DESTROYS Heckling Muslim Woman Crowd Chants USA! USA! USA! [Video] The ironic thing is that a sign had a website on it called:  refuse fascism  We looked into refuse fascism.org and found it s funded by an organization called World Can t Wait (WCW): Founders of WCW included members or supporters of the Revolutionary Communist Party, Greens, anarchists, and people of various other political backgrounds.This is what the left does they don t want to hear any other opinion. Isn t this what they say they re against?Light stand fully engulfed, setting tree above on fire @UCBerkeley #MiloYiannopoulos appearance canceled. pic.twitter.com/iwGhDB7soP  Laura Anthony (@LauraAnthony7) February 2, 2017 The crowd breaks down barricade    Shut it down @berkeleyside: Protestors in black tear down barricade and light pyrotechnics towards @UCPD_Cal   chants of  Shut it down!  pic.twitter.com/Q43LjsyqQF  Carlo David (@carlodavid1115) February 2, 2017 Protestors dressed in masks and black clothing join demonstration against Yiannopoulos   Rocks thrown!@berkeleyside: Protestors dressed in masks and black clothing join demonstration against Yiannopoulos. Rocks thrown at @UCPD_Cal pic.twitter.com/JaH5AGtali  Carlo David (@carlodavid1115) February 2, 2017THE SIGN BELOW SHOWS JUST HOW UNHINGED THE LEFT HAS BECOME: ",0
19213,LOL! BARACK OBAMA Looks Ridiculous Criticizing Trump On Immigration After This 2005 Video Reveals A Much Different Obama [VIDEO],"Barack Obama has to be the world s biggest hypocrite. Here he is in 2005 adamantly defending our borders: We simply cannot allow for people to pour in, undocumented and unchecked. @PressSec   Obama 2005: ""We simply cannot allow for people to pour in, undocumented, unchecked"". OUCH! pic.twitter.com/1ibXXaNeeU  Leahann   (@Leaha_Luv) February 1, 2017Isn t it funny that only 9 years later, we all watched our PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES tell an illegal alien on TV that it s okay for illegal aliens to vote in the upcoming election. So in 2005, it was against the law to enter our country illegally, but in 2016 they should not only flood into our country and overwhelm our nation, but they should also vote. But yeah Trump is a  racist  for trying to clean up the mess Obama started.",0
19214,BUDWEISER Unveils SUPER BOWL Ad That Distorts Truth About Trump’s Temporary Refugee Ban [VIDEO],"So much for the cute little puppies and clydesdales Budweiser has created a Superbowl Ad that is creating a lot of controversy. The 1-minute ad tries to explain to origins of the company s co-founder, Adolphus Busch, by focusing on the fact that he was an immigrant.The ad starts out with an actor who is playing Busch being told,  You re not wanted here! Go back home! The vice-president and ranking executive for Budweiser brand in the U.S., Ricardo Marques, claims that this is not related to what is currently going on in the country in regards to illegal immigration.Yeah right..Budweiser took a big hit in stock prices yesterday after Americans discovered the news about their Super Bowl ad: Gateway Pundit",0
19215,PRICELESS! MILO DESTROYS Heckling Muslim Woman…Crowd Chants USA! USA! USA! [Video] #MiloYiannopoulos, ,0
19216,BOOM! Companies That Openly Criticized Trump For “Making America Safe Again” Take Stock Market Hit,"Among the high profile companies opposing Trump s seven Muslim country refugee and immigration ban:  Amazon.com (Nasdaq: AMZN) was down 0.83 percent. Amazon has big operations in the Phoenix area.                    Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos Bezos sent a memo to all of his employees stating,  This executive order is one we do not support,  and the memo listed several actions the company was taking to opposed the order.  We re a nation of immigrants whose diverse backgrounds, ideas, and points of view have helped us build and invent as a nation for over 240 years . It s a distinctive competitive advantage for our country one we should not weaken.  Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL) was down 0.23 percent, Apple reported strong earnings Tuesday afternoon. Its shares were up in after-hours trading. Apple has a big data center in Mesa.  Starbucks (Nasdaq: SBUX) was down 1.22 percent closing at $55.22 per share, according to Google Finance. Starbucks has an education partnership with Arizona State University.Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz  We are living in an unprecedented time,  Schultz said in a memo to Starbucks (SBUX) employees. He pledged to hire 10,000 refugees over five years in the 75 countries where Starbucks does business to  reinforce our belief in our partners around the world. Yesterday a huge #BoycottStarbucks campaign was started on Twitter and Facebook. Starbucks took a big hit in the stock market today:Here s what we don t need advice from America s wealthiest welfare recipient, Tesla s Elon Musk:The blanket entry ban on citizens from certain primarily Muslim countries is not the best way to address the country s challenges  Elon Musk (@elonmusk) January 29, 2017Tesla s Elon Musk criticized Trump s temporary travel ban. Musk has built a multibillion-dollar fortune running companies that make electric cars, sell solar panels and launch rockets into space.And he s built those companies with the help of billions in government subsidies. Tesla Motors Inc., SolarCity Corp. and Space Exploration Technologies Corp., known as SpaceX, together have benefited from an estimated $4.9 billion in government support, according to data compiled by The LA Times.  Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) was down 0.74 percent.Microsoft said it s providing legal advice and assistance to its employees affected by the executive order. We share the concerns about the impact of the executive order on our employees from the listed countries, all of whom have been in the United States lawfully,  the tech giant said in a statement.According to Microsoft s general counsel Brad Smith, 76 Microsoft employees are citizens with a U.S. visa from the affected countries.MasterCard Inc. MA, +0.02% CEO Ajay Banga, who was born in India, sent an email to company employees expressing his deep concern over the fracturing society. According to The Wall Street Journal, Banga said MasterCard has been in close contact with employees who ve been affected by the ban and is working to help them and their families. What affects one of us, affects all of us,  he wrote.  Goldman Sachs (NYSE: GS)   one of the few Wall Street firms to speak out against Trump s orders   was down 1.96 percent closing at $229.32 per share. Goldman was one of the key drivers for the post-election rally and the Dow hitting 20,000 last week.  Early Twitter Inc. TWTR, -0.17% and Uber investor Chris Sacca said he would match donations to the ACLU up to $75,000.Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey had this to say about Trump s temporary travel ban:The Executive Order's humanitarian and economic impact is real and upsetting. We benefit from what refugees and immigrants bring to the U.S. https://t.co/HdwVGzIECt  jack (@jack) January 28, 2017Uber investor Chris Sacca offered to help the ACLU with any legal charges incurred in their fight against making America more secure:I'm inspired by all who are barely scraping by yet still giving monthly to the @ACLU.  Show me your receipts and I'll match 'em to $75k. https://t.co/dej1dXag3a  Chris Sacca (@sacca) January 28, 2017  Facebook (Nasdaq: FB) was 0.5 percent. Yeah thanks for your input Mark. We re pretty sure everyone is aware by now of your leftist political leanings. Why didn t you make the same proclamation when Obama banned Iraqi s from coming to the US in 2011? No need to answer, it s a rhetorical question  Netflix Inc. (Nasdaq: NFLX) was down 0.36 percent. Netflix Inc. NFLX, -0.08% Chief Executive Reed Hastings, in reaction, said on Facebook that it had been  a very sad week.  Google parent Alphabet (Nasdaq; GOOGL) was down 0.44 percent.In a staff memo, Google CEO Sundar Pichai said the move affects at least 187 of the Internet giant s staff. We re concerned about the impact of this order and any proposals that could impose restrictions on Googlers and their families, or that could create barriers to bringing great talent to the U.S.,  Google said in a statement.  We ll continue to make our views on these issues known to leaders in Washington and elsewhere. Companies and executives not known for speaking out on political matters, such as Nike Inc. NKE, -0.38% CEO Mark Parker, condemned the ban. In an internal letter Parker mentioned Nike athlete Sir Mo Farah, a Somali-born Olympic gold medalist now living in Oregon. What Mo will always have   what the entire Nike family can always count on   is the support of this company. We will do everything in our power to ensure the safety of every member of our family: our colleagues, our athletes and their loved ones,  Parker s email read.Ford, NYSE Was down .08% Ford Executive Chairman Bill Ford and CEO Mark Fields In a memo to employees, they said they do not support the ban.  Respect for all people is a core value of Ford Motor Company, and we are proud of the rich diversity of our company here at home and around the world,  they wrote.Coca-Cola Chairman and CEO Muhtar Kent Kent said in a statement that  the Coca Cola (CCHGY) Company is resolute in its commitment to diversity, fairness and inclusion, and we do not support this travel ban or any policy that is contrary to our core values and beliefs. Chobani is not traded on the stock market, but is one of the biggest advocates for importing employers to the US from Muslim majority nations to Twin Falls, ID                Chobani CEO Hamdi UlukayaChobani is owned by Turkish Muslim immigrant Hamdi Ulukaya. Chobani has filled 30 percent of its 600 positions at the world s largest Yogurt plant in Twin Falls, Idaho, with refugees resettled in America through a U.S. State Department program carried out in cooperation with the United Nations.Ann Corcoran, author of the Refugee Resettlement Watch blog, said the potential conflict of interest is disturbing and should be questioned by Twin Falls residents. Twin Falls is really a microcosm of what we find going on in so many of the refugee communities across the U.S., where you have people moving in and out of government and the Chamber of Commerce with a vested interest in making sure a meatpacking plant or some other industry has continuous access to refugee labor,  said Corcoran.  Only in this case we have a blatant example of conflicts of interest by an elected official who is also the head of the Chamber enticing companies to come in and make use of the steady influx of cheap, overseas labor. These are jobs that Americans would be happy to fill but they are forced to compete now with someone from Sudan or Iraq who is used to working for a dollar a week. The local Muslim community in Twin Falls grew out of its mosque and built a new, much larger house of worship last year.Here s Chobani CEO s response to Trump s moratorium on refugees from 7 countries:  This is very personal for me,  Ulukaya wrote in internal memo to his staff that was obtained by CNN.  As an immigrant who came to this country looking for opportunity, it s very difficult to think about and imagine what millions of people around the world must be feeling right now. General Electric GE (NYSE) stock was down .87%           CEO Jeff Immelt said, in a memo on the G (GE)employee blog, that he shares the  concern  felt by his employees and said the company has many employees from the countries named in the ban.  These employees and customers are critical to our success and they are our friends and partners,  he wrote, adding that GE would  stand with them  and try to find a balance between security and  movement of law abiding people.  Immelt was one of 28 business leaders named to a council to advise Trump on manufacturing growth.Trip Advisor CEO Stephen Kaufer Trip Advisor s (TRIP) CEO wrote in a Linkedin post that Trump s immigration ban is  not only heartless and discriminatory, but also against the principles that make our country great.  Kaufer also said in a tweet that  We need to do more, not less, to help refugees,  and said the action was  wrong on humanitarian grounds, legal grounds, and won t make us  safer.'  In a separate tweet, he called out Republican lawmakers:  You can t sit this one out. We need to do more, not less, to help refugees. Trumps action was wrong on humanitarian grounds, legal grounds, and won't make us ""safer.""  stephen kaufer (@kaufer) January 29, 2017Trump hasn t backed off his order and could change up visa programs used by high-tech companies. Biz Journals, Market Watch",0
19217,USA TODAY SPORTS COLUMNIST Calls For Tom Brady’s Head Over One Thing Found In His Locker…Who Does She Think She Is?,"Just recently, a USA Today sports columnist said New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady deserves  to get some tough questions  on President Trump as his team prepares for the Super Bowl. Tom Brady no longer gets a pass on his friendship with Donald Trump,  wrote Nancy Armour, a veteran sportswriter.  Not after this weekend, when the country boiled over in rage and indignation at Trump s decision to turn America s back on refugees. Armour said the 39-year-old quarterback   who did not campaign with Trump   cannot dismiss his friendship with Trump when he answers questions from the press leading up to Sunday s game against the Atlanta Falcons. It s only now, when he s facing questions and criticism, that he thinks the friendship should be off limits. But it doesn t work that way. If you stake out a position, you need to own it. Or if you ve had a change of heart, explain why,  Armour wrote.The columnist conceded that she doesn t know if Brady is aligned with Trump s perspective or policies, but says he should  disavow  him regardless.  Brady might not agree with Trump s views or his policies   but in refusing to publicly disavow Trump s actions, Brady is giving tacit endorsement to both Trump and the chaos he has created,  she argued.Armour concluded her column by stating that any harsh treatment Brady receives from the press this week is ultimately a situation he created. Regardless of whether he was duped into being a prop or is genuinely friends with Trump, Brady inserted himself into the national firestorm. He can t be surprised that people want to know more. And now expect more,  she writes.Trump and Brady have said they are golfing buddies. Brady was spotted with a  Make America Great Again  hat in his locker shortly after Trump launched his presidential bid. Asked in September 2015 whether he would like to see a Trump White House, Brady said:  It would be great. There would be a putting green on the White House lawn, I can tell you that. But Brady largely avoided answering questions about Trump throughout the race.Read more: The Hill",0
19218,"WOW! REFUGEES EXPOSED: Here’s the cold hard truth the media won’t tell you…“If Saudi Arabia is refusing to accept them because they are a national security threat, why are we accepting them?” [VIDEO]","Brigitte Gabriel is an intelligent and important voice of reason when it comes to the subject of Muslim refugees who are migrating West. She is the Founder and President of Act for America. She is one of the leading national security experts in the world -providing information and analysis on the rise of Islamic terrorism. Ms. Gabriel lectures nationally and internationally about national security and current affairs. Her expertise is sought after by world and business leaders.Gabriel is a Christian born who was born and raised in Lebanon. Her story is very compelling, and serves as a warning to Americans who are fighting to keep the flow of unvetted refugees coming into the United States:  I lost my country of birth to radical Islam   I do not want to lose my adopted country, America. Gabriel declared.Muslims started coming to Lebanon so their children could study at the country s universities. They also stayed to work in their economy.  We built refugee camps for them in Lebanon, we took them in because we wanted to take care of them, but these people turned against us, and they destroyed our country,  Gabriel recalled, bitterly. She said the tipping point was when Muslims became the majority population. Lebanon went from being  the Eden of the Middle East  to being the terrorist pit of the Middle East,  she declared. The country is run by a terrorist organization, and has no rule of law. Currently, there is not even a president in Lebanon, as none has been elected.  They are drowning in their own garbage, the government is falling apart. This is what happens when you import people into your country that do not share your values   that do not share your idea of freedom or democracy, your idea of tolerance,  Gabriel explained.Gabriel did not deny the charitable impulse of helping people in need.  We can still do humanitarian work, but we need to make sure we are protected first,  she declared. We know ISIS infiltrated them, they were coming here under the disguise of refugees, but they are actually ISIS recruiters and ISIS sympathizers,  Gabriel told PJ Media in an interview at the Values Voter Summit on Saturday. She added that the refugees  are making up names   they can tell us anything, and there is nothing we can do to check it. These people don t have passports. We don t even know if the name they give is their real name,  Gabriel explained. The refugees also are not just coming from embattled countries like Syria and Iraq, she argued. They also come from Tunisia, Libya, Eritrea, Djibouti and Afghanistan   migrants fleeing poor countries to go to rich countries.Gabriel argued that the refugees must have a reason for going further west, as opposed to other countries in the Middle East.  These refugees can go to any country in the region, where they speak the Arabic language, where their children can assimilate and continue in their schooling with Arabic schools. Why are they coming to Europe? One reason, she alleged, is that  the word got out that if you want a freebie, this is the opportunity to come to Europe and live off the government. Perhaps more importantly, however, many Middle Eastern countries would turn the migrants away.  Saudi Arabia is a very wealthy country and a very big country   they have a lot of space,  Gabriel noted. She explained that Saudi Arabia, Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, Abu Dhabi and Kuwait are refusing to accept these refugees because  they are a national security threat.  When Arabic countries suspect terror activity from the refugees, why should we overlook it? If Saudi Arabia is refusing to accept them because they are a national security threat, why are we accepting them?  Gabriel asked.  Are we that dumb? Watch Gabriel as she exposes the truth about the refugees we are bringing to America: It is not difficult to see how the tens of thousands of refugees who have entered Europe and other western countries recently are having a devastating impact in their host nations. Areas holding these refugees have seen an increase in rape, theft, gang activity, intimidation, and organized crime. Media in Europe have reported that thousands of the refugees have disappeared   and are unaccounted for. Terror groups such as the Islamic State publicly announce how they are using refugees as cover to infiltrate the West.An Egyptian-American made this interesting comment under the video. He gives us an idea of what it s like to be a Christian in a Muslim dominated nation:Ms. Gabriel has addressed the United Nations, the Australian Prime Minister, members of the British Parliament/House of Commons, members of the United States Congress, the Pentagon, the Joint Forces Staff College, the U.S. Special Operations Command, the U.S. Asymmetric Warfare group, the FBI, and many others.She speaks Arabic, French, English and Hebrew.",0
19219,HEY AMERICA…Where Was The Outrage When Obama CHOSE The 7 Nations Trump Banned From Entering US…Or Obama’s Ban Of CUBAN REFUGEES On Last Day In Office?,"Alinsky s ideas for community organizing were controversial because he talked about fanning latent hostilities of low-income, inner city residents. He said that searching out hostilities and controversies could organize communities. Instead of setting your own agenda for a group. let them set their own agenda and unleash their own power. Obama laid the groundwork for the perpetual protests, chaos and rioting in the streets while he was in office. It started with the Trayvon Martin case and ramped up during Trump s campaign. Today, Obama s working behind the scenes, with the help of  radical globalist billionaire George Soros, to keep it going. Unless and until Americans rally behind Trump and support the defense of our national security, we will allow this small group of radicals on the Left and in the media to win the propaganda war they ve waged against Trump, and ultimately against America.In the wake of President Donald Trump s legal and constitutional executive orders on immigration, the left has lost their minds. Unhinged protesters lost their minds and so-called senators on the left have called Trump s actions unconstitutional as if non-American citizens have a constitutional right to come to the United States. Then there is Democrat Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer who with crocodile tears in his eyes, called Trump s actions  mean spirited and un-American. Oh the hypocrisy, where to begin?Does anyone know why the actual executive orders do not specifically identify the countries seven Muslim countries of Iraq, Syria, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen in the text? Because in 2016, Barack Obama s DHS targeted those same countries in a 2016 law concerning immigration visas as  countries of concern. The Department of Homeland Security today announced that it is continuing its implementation of the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015 with the addition of Libya, Somalia, and Yemen as three countries of concern, limiting Visa Waiver Program travel for certain individuals who have traveled to these countries.DHS:  limiting Visa Waiver Program travel for certain individuals who have traveled to these countries.  DHS noted  the three additional countries designated today join Iran, Iraq, Sudan and Syria as countries subject to restrictions for Visa Waiver Program travel for certain individuals. But the hypocrisy of the left does not end there. Where was the Left and why were they so silent when the Obama administration refused to issue visas to Iraqis for six months following the discovery in 2009 of two al Qaeda-Iraq terrorists living as refugees in Bowling Green, Kentucky?In 2011, fewer than 10,000 Iraqis were resettled as refugees in the U.S., half the number from the year before, State Department statistics show.It was the same Chuck Schumer in November of 2015 who said that a halt of Syrian refugees  may be necessary  after the Paris Islamist attacks occured that killed well over 100 innocent people. What a mean spirited and un-American act! But, that was different.We all know that Obama and the Democrats never stranded refugees in need. Of course we will just forget the fact that Barack Obama heroically on his way out the door put a travel ban in place during his final days and blocked Cuban refugees when he ended the Cuban  wet foot dry foot  policy and forced the refugees back to Communist Cuba. Where were the Democrats then? Where was the media? Where was the ACLU? Crickets!-Effective immediately, Cuban nationals  will be subject to removal, consistent with U.S. law and enforcement priorities,  the president said. Cuban migrants who have already begun the process of applying for legal residency through the program will be allowed to continue. Gateway Pundit",0
19220,“REVEREND” AL SHARPTON Makes Up Lie About Jesus On Social Media To Push Refugee Invasion,"Hey Al you do realize that Obama was more than happy to give jobs that should have gone to the black communities to refugees, don t you? Before you head to church today, remember to thank God for his son, Jesus a refugee who fled to Egypt.  Reverend Al Sharpton (@TheRevAl) January 29, 2017Here are a few responses to Sharpton s lie on Twitter:@Wargs77 @jccolange @StephenKing umm, his parents weren't refugees. They traveled to pay their taxes. Please Al  MC (@mcolange) January 29, 2017This one is our favorites:He paid his taxes unlike you. Different times, no comparison. He also returned to his home.  Bryan K. Davis (@BryanDavis2014) January 29, 2017This guy REALLY owned Sharpton with this response:You are no Reverend. You're a viper who spews poison. An angel of the Lord commanded Joseph to flee to Egypt. Repent, Al.  Chef Michael Perry (@lcbchefperry) January 29, 2017This guy isn t holding anything back:Wrong mr race baiter. Jesus never fled to Egypt, His mother and father did but only for a short time, then they went back #Butch52  Davaughn Wistrom (@Butch452) January 29, 2017And finally the  fake news  slam! LOL! get your facts Egypt is not on the list more fake news from a guy who has made it a career of not telling the whole story  Mb (@mkb09876) January 29, 2017",0
19221,YOU’RE FIRED! PRES TRUMP FIRES Obama’s Partisan Acting Attorney General After She Refuses To Enforce Travel Ban,"The acting Attorney General, Sally Yates, has betrayed the Department of Justice by refusing to enforce a legal order designed to protect the citizens of the United States. This order was approved as to form and legality by the Department of Justice Office of Legal Counsel.Ms. Yates is an Obama Administration appointee who is weak on borders and very weak on illegal immigration.It is time to get serious about protecting our country. Calling for tougher vetting for individuals travelling from seven dangerous places is not extreme. It is reasonable and necessary to protect our country.Tonight, President Trump relieved Ms. Yates of her duties and subsequently named Dana Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, to serve as Acting Attorney General until Senator Jeff Sessions is finally confirmed by the Senate, where he is being wrongly held up by Democrat senators for strictly political reasons. I am honored to serve President Trump in this role until Senator Sessions is confirmed. I will defend and enforce the laws of our country to ensure that our people and our nation are protected,  said Dana Boente, Acting Attorney General.",0
19222,“We need to start killing people!”: Seattle Preschool Teacher Caught On Camera Spewing Vulgar Hate Speech [VIDEO],"WASHINGTON   Shocking video has emerged on social media social showing Black Lives Matter activists calling for the death of  white people  during an anti-Trump protest in Seattle, WA. The YouTube account that uploaded the video claims the protester speaking is a pre-school teacher. Several of the highlights are quoted below: Fuck white supremacy, fuck the U.S. empire, fuck your imperialist ass lives. That shit gotta go. And we need to start killing people. First off, we need to start killing the White House. The White House must die. The White House, your fucking White House, your fucking Presidents, they must go! Fuck the White House. Pay the fuck up, pay the fuck up. It ain t just your fucking time, its your fucking money, and now your fucking life is devoted to social change, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIlsMKu67q0",0
19223,STUDY SHOWS UP TO 2.8 MILLION Non U.S. Citizens Voted In 2008…But Trump’s Crazy To Think 3 Million Illegally Voted In 2016…Right?,"One California resident commented: Lots of illegals vote here in California. Crooked Democrats run everything here and any Illegal invader can go to the DMV and get a drivers license/ID card which they can register to vote with.Police, a few patriotic state bureaucrats, concerned real American citizens or anyone else are not even allowed to question citizenship of obvious illegal grifters because that is considered  racist. President Trump s new DOJ needs to come in and bust some heads and work with some real journalists to break this story wide open. Jerry Brown (D) and all California Democrats should be arrested and brought up on federal voter fraud charges.Somewhere between 38,000 and almost 2.8 million non-citizens voted in the 2008 elections, according to a study published in Electoral Studies journal in 2014.Old Dominion University professors Jesse Richman and David Earnest, the study s co-authors, concluded that  some non-citizens participate in U.S. elections, and that this participation has been large enough to change meaningful election outcomes including Electoral College votes, and Congressional elections. In spite of substantial public controversy, very little reliable data exists concerning the frequency with which non-citizen immigrants participate in United States elections. Although such participation is a violation of election laws in most parts of the United States, enforcement depends principally on disclosure of citizenship status at the time of voter registration,  Richman and Earnest note. We find that some non-citizens participate in U.S. elections, and that this participation has been large enough to change meaningful election outcomes including Electoral College votes, and Congressional elections. Non-citizen votes likely gave Senate Democrats the pivotal 60th vote needed to overcome filibusters in order to pass health care reform and other Obama administration priorities in the 111th Congress,  they continue.The authors later say that the number of non-citizen voters  could range from just over 38,000 at the very minimum to nearly 2.8 million at the maximum. Richman and Earnest s study has been contested by other social scientists and was the subject of a rebuttal article challenging their findings. That study, led by Harvard political scientist Stephen Ansolabehere, claimed instead that  the likely percent of non-citizen voters in recent US elections is 0. The Trump White House has faced criticism over President Donald Trump s belief that millions of illegal votes were cast in the 2016 presidential election. Trump has declined to offer any evidence to back up his claim. The president does believe that, I think he s stated that before, and stated his concern of voter fraud and people voting illegally during the campaign and continues to maintain that belief based on studies and evidence people have brought to him.  press secretary Sean Spicer said on Tuesday. Spicer did not cite any specific studies to back up Trump s belief.The White House has not yet returned an email from The Daily Caller regarding whether or not Richman and Earnest s study was part of Trump s belief that  millions  of illegal votes were cast in the 2016 election and   if not   what other studies make up the basis of Trump s belief.Read more: Daily Caller",0
19224,SAVAGE ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTERS Knock Out Innocent Man At Portland Airport: “That’s right Nazi boy!” [Video],"AIRPORTS ACROSS THE COUNTRY were inundated with crazy leftists who didn t educate themselves on the Trump order on refugees. They literally went nuts as you ll see in the video blow. Can you imagine the news if a conservative Trump supporter had done this to a leftist? The press would be all over it but I ll bet you never heard of this horrific attack. Watch how the protesters swarm and chant they must have realized they were on camera and then chanted  peaceful protest  as if to reassure the press that their intention was for peace. Well, it sure doesn t look that way The video below is of the exact moment when this throng of lunatics chased these men into the airport. The extended video is below the shorter one. You ll see in the extended video that these protesters are vile and disgusting. This is NOT peaceful protest!",0
19225,BOOM! CUSTOMS AGENTS IGNORE Obama Appointed Judge’s Court Order…ENFORCE Trump’s Travel Ban,"On Friday, a federal judge in New York issued an emergency stay temporarily halting the removal of individuals detained after President Trump issued an order to ban immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the U.S.The move appears to mark the first successful legal challenge to the Trump administration and affects those who have arrived in the U.S. with previously approved refugee applications or were in transit with valid visas. Similar rulings were later issued in Virginia, Massachusetts and Washington state.U.S. District Court Judge Ann Donnelly ruled in favor of a habeas corpus petition filed by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) on behalf of two Iraqi men who were detained at John F. Kennedy International Airport on Friday after Trump signed his order.Donnelly, who was nominated by former President Barack Obama and confirmed to her judgeship in 2015, ruled in the Eastern District of New York that  there is imminent danger that, absent the stay of removal, there will be substantial and irreparable injury to refugees, visa-holders, and other individuals from nations subject  to Trump s order.   The Hill The ACLU is getting  multiple reports  that federal customs agents are siding with President Trump   and willfully ignoring a Brooklyn federal judge s demand that travelers from seven Muslim countries not be deported from the nation s airports. The court s order could not be clearer  they need to comply with the order,  Omar Jadwat, director of the ACLU s Immigrants Rights project, told The Post late Saturday. It s enough to be a serious concern,  Jadwat said of the reports.Jadwat and other ACLU lawyers had earlier Saturday night won an emergency stay of Trump s deportation order from Brooklyn Federal Judge Ann Donnelly. -NYPMUSLIMS Chant  Allah  And Protest With Call To Prayer Inside Dallas Airport [Video] ",0
19226,"TRUMP BLASTS John McCain and Lindsey Graham: They “should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start WWIII” [VIDEO]","Two of the most despicable RINO s (Republicans In Name Only) in DC just can t seem to keep their mouths shut when it comes to opposing any measures Trump takes to defend our nation. Wouldn t it have been great if they had been as vocal when Barack Obama was our President? Aside from his honorable service to our nation while in our military, John McCain has offered very little in the past decade to our nation. Now might be a good time for constituents in their districts to think about replacing Arizona Senator John McCain and South Carolina s Senator Lindsey (crybaby) Graham with someone who puts our nation first and their political relevance dead last Republican senators. John McCain and Lindsey Graham on Sunday denounced President Donald Trump s executive order on travel from several Muslim-majority countries, calling it  hasty  and warning that it could prove counterproductive in the fight against terrorism.McCain, Arizona s senior senator and the GOP s 2008 presidential nominee, and Graham, a South Carolina politician who also competed briefly for the 2016 nomination, are both considered hawkish on national security. However, they frequently buck their party on key issues, which in the past has drawn the ire of grassroots conservatives.They join several of their GOP Senate colleagues, including Ben Sasse of Nebraska, Jeff Flake of Arizona, Susan Collins of Maine and Rob Portman of Ohio, in criticizing the measure. The White House has defended the order, arguing it is necessary to properly vet people coming into the U.S. from nations with terrorism concerns.Late Friday, Trump signed the order, which indefinitely bars Syrian refugees from entering the country. It also suspends all refugee admissions for 120 days and blocks citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the country for 90 days.  CNBCTrump didn t waste any time blasting these two Presidential race losers, who both seem to have a penchant for war: The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain & Lindsey Graham is wrong   they are sadly weak on immigration. The two  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 29, 2017 Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 29, 2017Watch Mike Huckabee tell Fox News host Bill Hemmer: He didn t ban people from 7 countries. I don t know if John McCain read the executive order, he might want to do that because those countries are not mentioned in the executive order. The only country mentioned is Syria. Where did that list of 7 come from? It came from the Obama administration dating back to 2011, signed into law and I assume John McCain probably voted for that law. ",0
19227,"#BoycottStarbucks…CEO Puts Leftist Agenda Over Company Profits…Plans To Hire 10,000 Refugees In Response To Trump’s 4 Month Refugee Moratorium…IGNORED Obama’s 6 Month Ban On Refugees","Starbucks has pledged to hire 10,000 refugees in response to President Donald Trump s controversial immigrant ban. CEO Howard Schultz said in a letter to employees Sunday the company would hire refugees from 75 different countries over a five-year period.  We are living in an unprecedented time, one in which we are witness to the conscience of our country, and the promise of the American Dream, being called into question. These uncertain times call for different measures and communication tools than we have used in the past,  Schultz said in the letter.  dailybeastObama banned all Iraqi refugees for six months in 2011. Even those who aided our military. Media said nothing. #MAGA #MuslimBan pic.twitter.com/rtaYPornLx  Ed Reshevsky (@CPO45) January 28, 2017Howard Schultz (Chair) William W. Bradley Mary N. Dillon Robert M. Gates Mellody Hobson Kevin R. Johnson Joshua Cooper Ramo James G. Shennan, Jr. Clara Shih Javier G. Teruel Myron E. Ullman, III (Lead Independent Director) Craig E. WeatherupDon t they have some obligation to their stockholders to do everything in their power to make a profit? Do they really believe that making a public statement that they ll hire refugees before American citizens will help their business? ",0
19228,BLACK RADIO HOST: DEMOCRATS Have “Owned” Blacks Since The “Civil Rights Act”…How Trump Will Be “The White Savior To Black America”,"By Jesse Lee Peterson   President Donald Trump has issued a blunt warning to Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel about his city s out-of-control violence:  If the city doesn t fix the horrible carnage going on, I ll send the feds! Trump s words sent shockwaves across the country.But what s wrong with black men that they can t stop the carnage?Those of you who read my columns know that for the past 27 years I have run a nonprofit, BOND, dedicated to  Rebuilding the Family by Rebuilding the Man.  I work with all men, but the primary focus has been to get black men to drop their anger so God can guide them, and they can lead their families in the right way.Men are supposed to represent Jesus Christ on earth; the man is the Christ in the family. But the black community is nearly devoid of men who truly exemplify Christ.Black men were not like this prior to the 1960s. They believed in God and took care of themselves and their families. But after Lyndon B. Johnson signed the 1964 Civil Rights Act, Democrats seduced blacks away from God and the Republican Party with  programs.  They ve  owned  blacks ever since.Democrats empowered black liberal politicians to run cities like Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Detroit, Atlanta, Baltimore and Memphis. They left these cities in worse shape than when they took office, but the media refused to hold them accountable because of their color and political affiliation.Coleman Young ran Detroit for 20 years. He was racially divisive and allowed the city to be ruined by drugs and crime. A succession of black Democrats followed, including Kwame Kilpatrick, who was sentenced to 28 years in federal prison for mail fraud, wire fraud and racketeering.Dozens of Congressional Black Caucus members have been in Congress for decades and they ve enriched themselves, but they haven t lifted a finger to save their districts.Donald Trump is going to make these people clean up the mess so that decent black people can live in peace. Why couldn t Obama and these black politicians do the same?Liberal blacks argue that it s unfair to expect Obama would stop the violence in  just  eight years. Some said it would be an infringement on freedoms. Yet blacks living in dangerous neighborhoods already feel like prisoners in their own homes.Comedians Conan O Brien, Trevor Noah and Seth Meyers mocked Trump for threatening to send in the feds. But it s no laughing matter for black families trapped in dangerous neighborhoods. These people wouldn t be joking if LGBT or Muslims were being slaughtered.Trump is going to reinstate law and order because he loves all Americans. His father was his role model. When men and women love their fathers, it s like loving God, and they have real love and a desire to help people.Still, many blacks hate Trump even though he is trying to save them. It reminds me of how Jesus Christ made it possible for us to return to the Father, and yet he was hated for that.To help himself and his family, the black man must recognize that Donald Trump and whites aren t the enemy. The black man s anger was first caused by his impatient mother and grandmother who raised him (the father is rarely in the home). When the black man understands this and repents of his anger, he will be set free. He can then help himself, his family and his community.To read the article in its entirety: WND",0
19229,WATCH CHUCK SCHUMER FAKE CRY Over Muslim Policy…Don’t Forget He Voted To Bomb Libya Killing Thousands Of Muslims [Video],"Chuck Schumer s crying over Muslim refugees.After supporting the attack on Libya that led to the deaths of thousands of Muslim refugees. pic.twitter.com/vELee6v7cp  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) January 29, 2017",0
19230,LIST OF 20 “Vetted” Refugees Who Were Charged With Terrorism After Entering U.S:”I want to blow myself up…I am against America”,"While the lying media is perpetuating the lie refugees do not pose a terrorist threat, the facts show otherwise.1) On May 25, 2016, in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas, Bilal Abood was sentenced to four years in prison for making a false statement to the FBI. Abood, an Iraqi translator for the U.S. military, was admitted to the United States through the Special Immigrant Visa program for Iraqi translators in 2009, and subsequently became a citizen. Abood enlisted in the Army and went through basic training at Fort Jackson in 2010, but left for unknown reasons. According to court documents, after being prevented from boarding an international flight, Abood told FBI agents that he intended to go to Iraq to visit family. Subsequently, Abood left the United States through Mexico and then traveled through various countries to get to Syria to join ISIS. A subsequent search of his computer revealed that he pledged an oath to the leader of ISIS, despite denying that he had ever made such a pledge.2) On January 7, 2016, in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of California, Aws Mohammed Younis Al-Jayab was charged with providing materially false, fictitious, and fraudulent statements and representations to the United States government. He was separately indicted on March 17, 2016 for attempting to provide material support to acts of violence overseas. Al-Jayab   a Palestinian born in Iraq   was admitted to the United States as a refugee in 2012. According to the criminal complaint, beginning in October of 2012   the very same month he first arrived in the United States   Al-Jayab began communicating with numerous individuals about his intention to go to Syria and fight for terrorist organizations.3) On January 7, 2016, in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas, Omar Faraj Saeed Al Hardan was charged in an indictment with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization, making false statements, and attempting to procure citizenship or naturalization unlawfully. The indictment states that he attempted to provide training, expert advice and assistance, and personnel   specifically himself   to a terrorist organization. Al Hardan   a Palestinian born in Iraq   was admitted to the United States as a refugee in 2009, and obtained a green card in 2011. When applying to become a U.S. citizen, he knowingly responded, certified, and swore untruthfully that he was not associated with a terrorist organization when, in fact, he associated with members and sympathizers of ISIS throughout 2014. During an interview in October 2015, Al Hardan falsely represented that he had never received any type of weapons training, when in fact he had received automatic machine gun training. According to media accounts, Al Hardan told his wife  I will go to Syria. I want to blow myself up. . . . I am against America. 4) On August 12, 2015, in the U.S. District Court for the District of Idaho, Fazliddin Kurbanov was found guilty of conspiring and attempting to provide material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization and possessing an unregistered destructive device. Kurbanov is a native of Uzbekistan who came to the United States as a refugee in 2009. U.S. Assistant Attorney General John Carlin stated that he  conspired to provide material support to the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan and procured bomb-making materials in the interest of perpetrating a terrorist attack on American soil. 5) On April 20, 2015, in the U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota, Guled Ali Omar was charged with conspiracy and attempt to provide material support to ISIS. Omar was born in a Kenyan refugee camp, and sources indicate he came to the United States as a refugee when he was a child, obtained a green card, and subsequently applied for and received citizenship. Omar is the younger brother of another indicted fugitive, Ahmed Ali Omar, who left the United States in 2007 to fight for Al-Shabaab. Another one of his brothers, Mohamed Ali Omar, was convicted in March of 2015 of threatening federal agents when they came to the family s residence to interview Guled Omar.6) On April 20, 2015, in the U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota, Abdurahman Yasin Daud was charged (along with six others) with conspiracy and attempt to provide material support to ISIS. Daud, a Somalian refugee who came to the United States as a child, and subsequently obtained a green card. Daud and another individual drove from Minnesota to San Diego to attempt to get passports, cross the border into Mexico, and fly to Syria in to join ISIS.7) On February 18, 2015, Al-Hazmah Mohammed Jawed was arrested as he attempted to board a flight to Jordan to join and fight with ISIS in Iraq. Jawad was admitted to the United States in 2013 as an Iraqi refugee and he subsequently obtained a green card. Jawad was charged with making a false statement to U.S. government officials. He also stated that he  had been to the shooting range and had been running to get in shape and prepare for his upcoming travels,  and that a uniform was waiting for him in Iraq.8) On February 5, 2015, in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas, Abdinassir Mohamud Ibrahim was sentenced to 15 years in federal prison for conspiring to provide material support to Al-Shabaab, a designated foreign terrorist organization, and for making a false statement in his immigration paperwork. Ibrahim is a native of Somalia who came to the United States as a refugee in 2007 at the age of 22 and subsequently obtained a green card. Ibrahim knowingly lied on his citizenship application and previously lied in his request for refugee status, by falsely claiming that he was of a member of the minority Awer clan in Somalia and subject to persecution by the majority Hawiye clan. Ibrahim was actually a member of the Hawiye clan and not subject to persecution. In fact, according to court documents,  Ibrahim s family was famous . . . [and] [t]hrough his clan lineage, Ibrahim was related to known Somali terrorists[.]  Ibrahim also admitted he lied on his citizenship application by having previously lied on his refugee application by falsely claiming that he had not provided material support to a terrorist group, when he had in fact provided material support in the form of cash to an Al-Shabaab member.9) On February 5, 2015, in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri, Abdullah Ramo Pazara was named in an indictment against six individuals. Pazara, a native of Bosnia who sources indicate came to the United States as a refugee, later obtained a green card and became a citizen in 2013. Pazara was never charged in this case because he is believed to be dead. According to court documents, the others who were indicted provided material support to Pazara, who left the United States to go to Syria and fight with ISIS just 11 days after becoming a citizen.10) On February 5, 2015, in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri, Ramiz Zijad Hodzic was charged with conspiring to provide material support and resources to terrorists, providing material support to terrorists, and conspiring to kill and maim persons in a foreign country. Hodzic is a native of Bosnia, and a purported Bosnian war hero who came to the United States as a refugee. According to the indictment, among other things, Hodzic obtained money that he used to  purchase materials and supplies including: United States military uniforms, tactical combat boots, military surplus goods, tactical gear and clothing, firearms accessories, optical equipment and range finders, rifle scopes, equipment, and supplies . . . intending that the materials and supplies would thereafter be transferred to, and used to support  Abdullah Ramo Pazara and ISIS.On February 5, 2015, in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri, Sedina Unkic Hodzic was charged with conspiring to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and providing material support to terrorists. Sedina is the wife of Ramiz Zijad Hodzic and a native of Bosnia who came to the United States as a refugee. According to the indictment, Sedina, along with her husband, collected money from third parties and wired it to terrorists abroad. Also according to the indictment, Sedina shipped six boxes of U.S. military uniforms, combat boots, tactical clothing and gear, military surplus items, firearms accessories, rifle scopes, optical equipment, first aid supplies, and other equipment to terrorists abroad.On February 5, 2015, in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri, Armin Harcevic was charged with conspiring to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and with providing material support to terrorists. Harcevic is a native of Bosnia who came to the United States as a refugee, and subsequently obtained a green card. According to the Indictment, Harcevic collected money from third parties and wired it and his own funds to terrorists abroad.On February 5, 2015, in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri, Nihad Rosic was charged with conspiring to provide material support and resources to terrorists, providing material support to terrorists, and conspiring to kill and maim persons in a foreign country. Rosic is a native of Bosnia who sources indicate came to the United States as a refugee, obtained a green card, and subsequently applied for and received citizenship. According to the indictment, Rosic sent funds to terrorists abroad, and attempted to travel to Syria to join terrorists in Syria and Iraq. According to press accounts, Rosic was a truck driver and former mixed martial arts fighter who had previously been charged with endangering the welfare of a child after punching a woman in the face while she held a child, and in a separate incident, was charged with assault after allegedly beating his girlfriend with a belt.On February 5, 2015, in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri, Mediha Medy Salkicevic was charged with conspiring to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and providing material support to terrorists. Salkicevic is a native of Bosnia who sources indicate came to the United States as a refugee, obtained a green card, and subsequently applied for and received citizenship. According to press accounts, Salkicevic was formerly an employee with a cargo company that deals with items coming in and out of Chicago s O Hare International Airport.On February 5, 2015, in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri, Jasminka Ramic was charged with conspiring to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and providing material support to terrorists. Ramic is a native of Bosnia who sources indicate came to the United States as a refugee, obtained a green card, and subsequently applied for and received citizenship.On January 29, 2015, in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, a federal warrant was unsealed for the arrest of Liban Haji Mohamed for allegedly providing material support to Harakat Shabaab Al-Mujahidin, also known as Al-Shabaab and Al-Qaeda. Mohamed is a native of Somalia who sources indicate came to the United States as a refugee, obtained a green card, and subsequently applied for and received citizenship. He is believed to have left the United States on July 5, 2012, with the intent to join Al-Shabaab in East Africa. Mohamed previously lived in the Washington, D.C. area and worked as a cab driver, and is believed to have snuck across the border to Mexico after being placed on the no-fly list. Carl Ghattas, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI s Washington, D.C. Field Office emphasized the importance of locating Mohamed,  because he has knowledge of the Washington, D.C. area s infrastructure such as shopping areas, Metro, airports, and government buildings . . . [t]his makes him an asset to his terrorist associates who might plot attacks on U.S. soil. For the rest of the list, go to: Information Liberation",0
19231,OBAMA-APPOINTED FED JUDGE Clears Those In Limbo At Airports Due To Trump’s Immigration Order…The Left Has A Hissy Fit!," The judge did not rule on the legality of the executive order, nor did she say that others who have not yet arrived in the U.S. can be allowed to proceed. Watch for major hissy fits to be played out in main stream media in an attempt to change public opinion on  refugees . The propaganda machine from the left is working overtime on this.On another note, does the ACLU even work for legal Americans anymore? They jumped into this and proudly proclaimed they had stopped Trump    After a day of chaos at airports around the world, a federal judge in Brooklyn on Saturday night stayed deportations under President Trump s executive order barring citizens of some Muslim countries from entering the United States.U.S. District Judge Ann M. Donnelly ordered a halt to any removal of refugees or others who hold valid visas to enter the United States meaning those who have arrived at U.S. airports from the seven predominantly Muslim countries named under the President s executive order can remain, for now.The judge did not rule on the legality of the executive order, nor did she say that others who have not yet arrived in the U.S. can be allowed to proceed.The ruling came in response to a petition filed by the American Civil Liberties Union on behalf of two Iraqis detained at John F. Kennedy International Airport: Hameed Khalid Darweesh, who was a translator for the U.S. military, and Haider Alshawi, who was on his way to join his wife, who had worked for a U.S. contractor in Iraq.ACLU attorneys argued that returning either petitioner could cause  irreparable harm  by exposing them and their families to retaliation from extremists.The two lead plaintiffs were held by authorities and threatened with deportation, even though both  assert a fear of returning to their countries, and if they are not admitted pursuant to their valid entry documents, [they] seek an opportunity to pursue asylum,  the lawyers argued in the emergency petition. This ruling preserves the status quo and ensures that people who have been granted permission to be in this country are not illegally removed off U.S. soil,  said Lee Gelernt, deputy director of the ACLU s Immigrants  Rights Project, who argued the case.The order appears to affect the 100 to 200 people who have been detained in transit to the United States. While the order will prevent them from being sent home, it is less clear whether they will have to remain in detention while their asylum cases are being decided.Via: LAT",0
19232,TRUMP SLAMS ABC For Ignoring Pro-Life March While Salivating Over Radical Women’s March…ABC CUTS Conversation From Transcripts [VIDEO],"Watch:MUIR: And as we walked through the White House, we asked the president about the voices. Just outside Washington, D.C. And across the country, the more than a million women, men, and children who marched during the inauguration.Let me just ask you while we re standing outside, could you hear the voices from the Women s March here in Washington? We know there were more than a million people who turned out, and you are their president now too.TRUMP: That s true.MUIR: Could you hear them from the White House?TRUMP: No, I couldn t hear them. The crowds were large, but you will have a large crowd on Friday, too, which is mostly pro-life people. You re going to have a lot of people coming on Friday. And I will say this, and I didn t realize this. But I was told. You will have a very large crowd of people. I don t know as large or larger. Some people said it will be larger. Pro-life people and they say the press doesn t cover them.MUIR: I don t want to compare crowd sizes again. I   I I TRUMP: No, you should But let me just tell you. What you do say is that the press doesn t cover them.MUIR: We saw the marches around the country and you are their president now. Do you sense the responsibility to reach out now and to unite them? For those women, men and children who marched who are watching this, what would you say to them?TRUMP: I do, but I have to also say, we just had an election. A few weeks ago. And they voted in many cases, and some cases they didn t vote I imagine. And we did have an election. With that being said, absolutely have responsibility to everybody, including people that didn t vote for Donald Trump. Totally.Here s Vice President Mike Pence s amazing speech to the March for Life marchers:Click HERE to see ABC s published transcript. The conversation about ABC intentionally ignoring massive March For Life crowds has been removed.  Here is the ABC interview in its entirety:",0
19233,WORKING CLASS REVOLT! OLD SCHOOL JERSEY PATRIOTS Let The Liberals and Hollywood Have It! [VIDEO],HE WILL NOT DIVIDE US .,0
19234,DERANGED LEFTISTS Cross The Line: Chicago Play Targeting 10 Yr Old Barron Trump Opens Tonight In Obama’s Old Neighborhood,"A play scheduled to open Saturday night in Chicago targets Barron Trump, the ten-year-old son of newly sworn in President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump.The play, titled,  Barron Trump Up Past Bedtime , stars comedian Shannon Noll as Barron and is set for the Revival Theater in Hyde Park, the neighborhood of Trump s predecessor former President Barack Obama. Melania Trump will also be targeted in character on stage. But the main target, of course, is President Trump.After eight years of presidential children being off limits (to the point news articles about them disappeared after White House warnings), they are  fair game  now that a Republican is president. A headline about the play at the Chicago Reader makes that very point about young Barron Trump being  fair game : Barron Trump is fair game in Barron Trump: Up Past BedtimeThe Revival Theater s description of the play: Join Donald Trump s youngest heir Barron Trump (as played by Shannon Noll) for a  Pee Wee s Playhouse-style  show that features celebrity guests (Melania Trump, Ben Carson, and Vladimir Putin) patriotic games (Pin the Email on the Clinton), and fancy fun! The Chicago Reader interviewed Noll about the play. Noll says her approach is decidedly lighthearted: an exploration of the current political moment through the eyes of a child enmeshed in it. When I set out to do this show, I did it to use [Barron] as a vehicle to comment on this administration,  Noll says. She was initially inspired to take on the title role due to her resemblance to the youngest Trump, who stepped into the spotlight when he appeared to struggle to stay awake during his father s presidential victory speech, which occurred at around 3 AM.Up Past Bedtime begins as Melania Trump tucks Barron in for the night. He then secretly stays awake to explore a fantastical world, a la Pee-wee s Playhouse, populated by the likes of Vladimir Putin and Ben Carson.Noll told the Chicago Tribune that Barron Trump  is absolutely not the butt of a joke. I noticed that I looked like Barron Trump and I thought that would be an interesting approach,  she said. She has brought on collaborators who will perform solo material (the aforementioned imaginary friends)  and I m facilitating that as Barron Trump  as master of ceremonies. Barron Trump is absolutely not the butt of a joke,  she said.Asked if she had any second thoughts about going ahead with the show, Noll said,  No, I sort of doubled-down. I was originally going to create a fake Trump child, but I look so much like Barron. And going into this, I specifically created this character so that he bears no resemblance in personality to what we ve seen of Barron Trump. I m just playing him as a generic kid.    Gateway Pundit",0
19235,TRUMP’S BRILLIANT Director Of Communications OMAROSA Absolutely DESTROYS Joy Behar On The View…And It’s HILARIOUS! [VIDEO],Watch: ,0
19236,MEGYN KELLY Not Exactly Getting Warm Welcome At NBC: “People are p*ssed”…NBC “bit off more than they can chew when they hired Megyn”,"NBC is canceling the third hour of  Today  to make way for new star Megyn Kelly, sources exclusively confirm to Page Six.We re told Kelly will take over either the 9 a.m. hour from Tamron Hall and Al Roker or will replace Hoda Kotb and Kathie Lee Gifford. If she takes over Hoda and Kathie Lee s 10 a.m. hour, they will move to the 9 a.m. hour,  an insider said.We hear Hall will be leaving the network next month when her contract is up. Roker will continue his 7-to-9 a.m. duties.Kelly will start in September. Everyone has been left in the dark and no one knows why there s such a disruption when shows are doing so well across the board,  an insider told us. Another insider adds:  People are pissed. The third hour was beating every syndicated show across the board. They were in over their head and bit off more than they can chew when they hired Megyn.   NYP ",0
19237,"GREAT ANSWER! TRUMP’S Response To Question From BBC Reporter: “This was your choice of a question, there goes that relationship!”"," This was your choice of a question, there goes that relationship!  @POTUS reacts to Laura Kuenssberg s question https://t.co/v9jJpyT2tn  Sky News (@SkyNews) January 27, 2017",0
19238,STATE DEPARTMENT OFFICIALS OUT! Connected To Benghazi Scandal And Clinton E-mail Scandal [Video],"The Washington Post reported that higher ups in the State Department jumped ship before Rex Tillerson could take the helm but we don t know that was the case. Were the people who left asked to vacate their post or did they jump ship? WaPo was even called out by CNN for the misleading headline.   One of the things that the main stream media doesn t mention is that these officials were knee deep in the Benghazi Scandal and one of those (see below for more on Patrick Kennedy) was knee deep in the Clinton e-mail scandal too! It s what the press doesn t tell you that s important. We just don t know if this is a matter of these people resigning or a matter of our new president recognizing that we need to DRAIN THE SWAMP! COULD THIS BE THE SMOKING GUN THAT TRUMP CALLED OUT ON PATRICK KENNEDY: In what one congressman called the  flashing red light of potential criminality,  FBI documents indicate a senior State Department official offered a  quid pro quo  to get the FBI to remove the  Secret  label from one of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton s emails from the days when she was secretary of state.The documents say State Department Undersecretary for Management Patrick Kennedy, who had served as an aide and confidante to Clinton, offered the deal, and continued trying to influence the FBI s decision by taking his case over the head of FBI agents to whom he initially proposed the deal.FBI documents say Kennedy offered the FBI additional positions overseas if the  Secret  label, the middle level of classification, would be removed. Clinton, who used a private server for her emails while she was secretary of state, has contended she never sent or received classified information. The FBI has ruled otherwise.In response to the FBI bombshell, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump released a video on Twitter in which he said the allegations show  corruption at the highest level.  READ MORE: WJ",0
19239,TOMI LAHREN: “AFTER 8 YEARS…We were part of a different march…we marched into the voting booth to vote for TRUMP!” [Video], ,0
19240,WATCH ANGRY TEACHER Play Out Mock Assassination Of Trump: “Die!” [Video],"Mentally ill teacher shoots Trump with a squirt gun in front of her students. This woman should be fired. pic.twitter.com/Gr0g7RKohD  Deplorable Vet   (@KGBVeteran) January 25, 2017",0
19241,BREAKING: Mexico’s President Cancels Visit With Trump Over Defending Our US Border From Lawbreakers…But Wrongfully Imprisoning US Marine Tahmooressi For “Border Violation” Was No Big Deal,"On March 31, 2015 Sergeant Andrew Tahmooressi was driving with his friends to go to a Mexican restaurant and accidentally missed the last exit before the Mexican border. Without the ability to turn around before he crossed the border, he proceeded to the Mexican customs post, where he explained that he missed the exit before the crossing, and volunteered that he had three US legal guns in the vehicle. After that, Sergeant Andrew Tahmooressi was arrested and charged with gun smuggling into Mexico.While we all understand the problem of illicit arms and drug smuggling between Mexico and the US, it is clear that Sergeant Andrew Tahmooressi was not part of it. He made an honest mistake, admitted it to the Mexican border agents, and was arrested anyway. His admission and cooperation with the Mexican authorities strongly attest to his innocent intent.Tahmooressi was released in November when a Mexican judge was finally convinced to do so on humanitarian grounds. His lengthy prison stay became a farce and a failure under the Obama administration, culminating in a September congressional hearing that was  highly critical of Obama Administration efforts to secure his release and Mexico s refusal to let him go. With the swipe of a pen on Wednesday, President Trump green lighted the construction of a border wall along the U.S.-Mexico border and vastly increased the presence of border agents. Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto soon expressed regret over the new U.S. leader s actions and pledged to protect Mexicans already in the States. Where there is a Mexican migrant at risk that requires our support, your country should be there,  Pe a Nieto said in a brief address to his nation, which he said was a response to Trump s actions earlier in the day. Our communities are not alone,  Pe a Nieto said.  The Mexican Government will provide them with the legal advice, which guarantees the protection they require.The 50 Mexican consulates in the U.S. will be advocating on behalf of Mexicans, Nieto explained. He added (again) that he does not intend to pay for Trump s border wall. Mexico offers and demands respect as the fully sovereign nation we are,  he insisted.BREAKING: Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto says he has informed the White House he has canceled trip to Washington.  The Associated Press (@AP) January 26, 2017Nieto is apparently so distressed by Trump s executive actions that he is considering canceling their scheduled meeting for next week, where they were due to discuss not only immigration, but trade.Trump said that if Nieto is not willing to pay for the wall, he can go ahead and cancel.  Townhall",0
19242,DC WAITRESS Who Admits To Being Prejudiced…Gets Big Surprise From White Trump Supporters After She Participated In Women’s March,"Slowly but surely our nation will heal. It will take some time, and there will those who resist, but America is stronger than the hate of a small group of radicals who under Barack Obama s direction, have worked  to intentionally divide us.A waitress at a Washington D.C. restaurant received a very generous tip and a warm message on her receipt from three men who were in town for President Donald Trump s inauguration.Rosalynd Harris, who works at Busboys and Poets in the northwest part of the nation s capital, told The Washington Post she was beaming with confidence Monday after taking part in the Women s March over the weekend.A group of men from west Texas entered the restaurant and started to chat with Harris. One of the men, who said he was a dentist, complimented her on her smile. Harris, who is black, told the Post she was admittedly a bit prejudice when the men, who were white, told her they were in town to support Trump.However, Harris didn t expect what would come next.After the men had left, Harris picked up their check and found that they left a heartwarming message and a generous tip. They left Harris a $450 tip on a $72.60 bill. Their message read:We rise by lifting others. A lovely act of kindness pic.twitter.com/S01SV3w8ts  Busboys and Poets (@busboysandpoets) January 24, 2017 We may come from different cultures and may disagree on certain issues, but if everyone would share their smile and kindness like your beautiful smile, our country will come together as one people. Not race. Not gender. Just American. God Bless! -FOX News",0
19243,TUCKER CARLSON Roasts Racist Editor of BuzzFeed: Why Are BuzzFeed’s Racial Hiring Quotas ‘Not Racist’? [Video],"BuzzFeed s Ben Smith was interviewed by Tucker Carlson tonight proving he is the type of guy who doesn t care about reality but just wants to make up his own rules. Remember that BuzzFeed published information that there was a dossier on Donald Trump that had salacious accusations in it. That should tell you just how slimy this guy is but here s where it got heated:Tucker went on to question Smith on hiring practices by BuzzFeed Basically, BuzzFeed is racist in that they prefer any race over whites. Tucker gets into it with Smith claiming that it is in fact racism if you don t hire white people. Racism goes both ways!Why Are BuzzFeed s Racial Hiring Quotas  Not Racist ?https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=684&v=RIAvXXKARfM",0
19244,Congress Is About To Deal A KNOCK-OUT PUNCH To Obama’s ‘Back Door’ Gun Grab…Gun Owners Are Cheering!,"Obama s unconstitutional government overreach was allowed to run rampant in DC for way too long. There s a new sheriff in town and under that new sheriff s leadership is a newly emboldened Congress who miraculously just found their spine Congressional lawmakers will review a final rule issued by President Obama in December that stomps on the Second Amendment rights of Social Security beneficiaries.According to the National Rifle Association Institute for Legislative Action, Obama s Social Security rule qualifies SSI and disability insurance recipients as  mental defectives,  and therefore incapable of legally owning firearms.The rule allows those affected to file a petition for  restoration  of their Second Amendment rights, yet tens of thousands of legal gun owners must now prove  their possession of firearms would not harm public safety or the public interest, even though the government never established, or tried to establish, the contrary,  NRA-ILA added.NRA-IRA executive director Chris Cox praised Congress  decision in a Wednesday statement. Congress s decision to review the Obama administration s back-door gun grab is a significant step forward in restoring the fundamental constitutional rights of many law-abiding gun owners,  he wrote.  The NRA has been fighting this unconstitutional government overreach since it was first discussed and we look forward to swift congressional action to overturn it. Via: Daily Caller ",0
19245,BREAKING: WATCH COPS Shut Down PORTLAND PUNK PROTESTERS Blocking Traffic [Video],Portland protesters were doing the usual idiotic tactic of blocking the street and not letting traffic proceed What they didn t realize is that the police aren t taking this anymore Watch the takedown of these punks Awesome!Check out the lady with the thumbs up! Haha!,0
19246,YOUNG GIRL KICKED OUT Of Women’s March For Wearing Trump Hat [VIDEO], ,0
19247,BOOM! Indiana YMCA Takes CNN Off TV’s After Members Complain About “Fake News”,"The term  fake news  has become attached to some of America s major news outlets. Now a YMCA in Valparaiso, Ind., has decided to ban CNN from its TVs after customers complained the news network falsifies stories. In order to eliminate perceived political bias associated with national news outlets, the Valparaiso Family YMCA will only be showing local news channels in the future,  the Valparaiso YMCA said in a statement.Chicago Tribune reporter/columnist Jerry Davich said he asked Valparaiso YMCA CEO Robert Wanek to elaborate on why the decision was made, and Wanek responded,  I cannot pinpoint the change origins, only to add that we get dozens of requests to change channels every day from numerous interest groups. We just want the Y to be a haven for wellness where people come together and have a sense of belonging, gain new relationships and achieve their personal goals,  Wanek added.  We will display local news moving forward. Davich complained that  the Y s decision to remove all national news outlets from its televisions says more about its leaders than its members. You d think this story would be just another example of fake news. Sadly, it s not. He said he wondered if the company was  simply exercising its right to appease as many members as possible, or is the new Donald Trump-led America already flexing its muscles? YMCA member Greg Quartucci told CBS Chicago the decision to remove CNN from wellness center TVs was made shortly after Trump confronted CNN White House correspondent Jim Acosta, calling his network  terrible  and  fake news.    WJ",0
19248,"WOMAN Who Wants To Become DNC Chair: “My job is to shut other white people down when they say, ‘Oh no, I’m not prejudiced!'”[VIDEO]","The Democratic Party held a forum for race obsessed nut-jobs candidates who are running to become the new DNC Chair. The DNC Chair will replace Debbie Wasserman Schultz who was fired (took the fall for Hillary) when it was discovered through leaks in the hacked DNC emails that she helped to rig the primary election against Bernie Sanders to ensure a Hillary win. For a brief period of time, Donna Brazile was the interim replacement for Wasserman-Schultz, until she was caught passing debate questions to Hillary in advance of the debate while working as a commentator at CNN.It seems that the DNC has had a string of bad luck when it comes to finding an honest person to run their party. But who needs honesty when you re a Democrat right? All you need is to be able to effectively pander to minorities right? I mean, it worked so well for Hillary after all Watch Sally Boynton Brown pander to the minorities in the crowd during a forum that gave candidates a chance to tell everyone why they believe they are the best candidate for the job. It appears she has a single agenda, to  shut white people up.  The funny thing is, there are two black candidates sitting behind her who don t seem to be impressed with her speech until she starts talking about  shutting white people down,  at which time you can see their demeanor change and smiles can be seen from ear to ear. 8 years ago, this would have been seen as a partisan and unnecessarily divisive speech. But this isn t 8 years ago. This is post divisive-Obama and it will take years to unwind the mistrust, hate and division he has created between races that didn t previously exist.https://youtu.be/TCeoC7P7WmoSally Boyton Brown should have been laughed off the stage for her ridiculous claim that a white person is not allowed to say they have black friends without also admitting they re  racists . Instead, the audience and the candidates behind her clap like seals in approval of a false narrative driven almost exclusively by Democrats for the purpose of keeping America divided, as they falsely believe this will somehow be the key to keeping them in power. It is my job to shut down other white people! It s my job to shut down other white people when they interrupt. It is my job to shut down white people when they say they re not prejudiced! ",0
19249,HILARIOUS! FEMINIST GOES NUTS Over Trump Win In Coffee Shop…Projects Every Whacked-Out Liberal Emotion Known To Man On Black Barista [VIDEO],"When your White Guilt boils over and you project your problems onto a random black barista. Shorty face is priceless. pic.twitter.com/Yu7M2h6OV8  IV:XX Hotep Doobs (@DOEDoobs) January 24, 2017",0
19250,NUTTY LEFTY Breaks Into TRUMP’S Mar-A-Lago Club…Vandalizes With Bananas,"PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP)   A woman is being charged with sneaking onto President Donald Trump s private Mar-a-Lago club shortly before his inauguration and smearing bananas on cars.Palm Beach, Florida, police say in a report released Monday that 48-year-old Kelly Weidman also typed a profanity about Trump on a Mar-a-Lago computer and moved outside some ballroom balloons a few hours before Trump was sworn-in Friday.She was confronted by security guards, who called police. She allegedly told officers she wanted to be arrested because no one was paying attention to her claim of being cyber attacked. She was charged with misdemeanor trespassing and released.Because Trump wasn t at the ritzy club, the Secret Service wasn t involved.No one answered a phone number listed for Weidman on Monday and court records didn t list an attorney.VIA: WPTV",0
19251,IRONY! WATCH WHAT HAPPENS WHEN FEMALE REPORTER Punched In The Face At Women’s March…Find This Man! [Video], ,0
19252,WATCH! TRUMP SUPPORTER “BIG JOE” Surrounded By Women’s March In Los Angeles: “Political correctness is a disease!” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPqrimR8GWw,0
19253,BOOM! TX Governor Will CUT FUNDING To County Where Sheriff Of Sanctuary City Refuses To Cooperate With Feds [VIDEO],"Soon after newly elected Travis County Sheriff Sally Hernandez announced she would be scaling back her department s cooperation with federal immigration agents, Gov. Greg Abbott tweeted that his office will cut funding  for Travis County adopting sanctuary policies. The Governor's Office will cut funding for Travis County adopting sanctuary policies. Stiffer penalties coming. https://t.co/yYxeXql3xL  Greg Abbott (@GregAbbott_TX) January 20, 2017 Stiffer penalties coming,  his tweet says.This week, the American-Statesman reported that she had notified the county that it would soon no longer be complying with federal agents  requests in many cases. The county consequently could lose up to $1.8 million in grants because the governor s office requires compliance in order to receive grants.Gov. Greg Abbott said via Twitter in response to the Statesman s report,  I m about to up the ante. No more sanctuary cities in Texas. Texas Governor Greg Abbott warned he would cut off aid to Sheriff Hernandez if she refused to cooperate with the Federal immigration agencies:https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=3&v=DXPmp2XIizk&pbjreload=10The Travis County sheriff s office has a $169 million budget, according to the county s budget website. The $1.8 million would represent 1 percent of that budget.Earlier: In a major policy shift that is already being met with controversy, Travis County Sheriff Sally Hernandez on Friday announced that she is scaling back the amount of aid her department provides federal immigration agents in detaining suspects who may be in the country illegally.Traditionally, the county has honored nearly all requests by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to hold a suspect booked into jail when agents have wanted to investigate their status further. However, effective Feb. 1, sheriff s officials will honor so-called immigration holds or  detainers  placed by federal authorities only when a suspect is booked into the Travis County Jail on charges of capital murder, aggravated sexual assault and  continuous smuggling of persons. Otherwise, federal agents must have a court order or arrest warrant signed by a judge for the jail to continue housing a person whose immigration status is in question, according to Hernandez s policy, which she released Friday. The public must be confident that local law enforcement is focused on local public safety, not on federal immigration enforcement. Our jail cannot be perceived as a holding tank for ICE or that Travis County deputies are ICE officers,  Hernandez said in a video announcement.  My Statesman",0
19254,INSANE ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTER Lights Trump Supporter’s Hair On Fire…Police Need Help Finding This Protester [Video],"The Inauguration was a beautiful day full of great images BUT the images of the hate coming from anti-Trump protesters will shake you. Inaugural ball attendees were spat upon and had water thrown at them. The people trying to just walk from one area to the next were assaulted. Bar patrons were even taunted with images of an ISIS beheading from a phone video. Sick! Is this what the Democrats represent? Anarchy and chaos rules the day for the lefty lunatics. One woman even tried to light another woman s hair on fire DC police are now asking for anyone to ID her so they can arrest her. Luckily, a man in the video was seen putting the fire out. Please watch the video below and hopefully someone will come forward:",0
19255,ANGRY VETERAN Posts Emotional Viral Video Against Flag Burning: “What’s happening is sickening” [Video],"Sacrifice, pride, honor ",0
19256,WATCH A SHOCKING VIEW Of A Woman’s Life Under Sharia Law…Women’s March Organizer Is Pro-Sharia Law! [Video],"PLEASE LISTEN TO LINDA SARSOUR SPEAK ABOUT HOW DISSAPOINTED SHE IS THAT 22 STATES HAVE VOTED AGAINST SHARIA LAW:  HAHA! Leader and organizer of Washington #WomensMarch is annoyed that 22 US states don t allow Sharia laws. Blames Islamaphobia! pic.twitter.com/fjN3WQ7p7P  Onlinemagazin (@OnlineMagazin) January 23, 2017 Linda Sarsour, one of the organizers behind Saturday s Women s March, being held in Washington, D.C., was recently spotted at a large Muslim convention in Chicago posing for pictures with an accused financier for Hamas, the terrorist group. Sarsour, the head of the Arab American Association of New York and an Obama White House  Champion of Change,  was speaking at last month s 15th annual convention of the Muslim American Society and Islamic Circle of North America.",0
19257,3 “MIDDLE EASTERN” Men Arrested For GANG RAPE Of Swedish Woman Broadcasted LIVE On Facebook,"Three men in Uppsala have been arrested on suspicion of rape after they raped a young woman and sent it live on Facebook, just as it was warned about would happen when Facebook introduced the feature.The arrest was made during a police action shortly after nine o clock in the morning.  They were arrested between nine and nine fifteen. The alert came in at 8:24, says Uppsala police officer, Ivan Aslund, to the Swedish news outlet Fria Tider.On Flashback, the men accused of the rape are identified as Middle Easterners. The rape was conducted at an address in Uppsala, and the men filmed themselves and sent the assault live via Facebook.According to a person who saw the live broadcast, the woman who was raped looked  quite intoxicated  and appeared  completely dead  while one of the men molested her. Several people alerted the police when they saw the film.The live broadcast on Facebook was not stopped until the police stormed into the room where the woman and the men were. The men will now be interrogated by the police.  Before prosecutors can make a decision, the policemen have to document everything, a complaint, write down observations and conduct interviews with those who have something to say. Once that is done, they will present it to the prosecutor, so it takes time, says Aslund.He is otherwise very secretive about the investigation and would not say anything about the rape that was sent live worldwide on Facebook from the new Sweden.The last transmission shows the police breaking into the apartment and arresting the rapists:",0
19258,HOW PROGRESSIVE! Women’s March Organizer Has Ties To Terror Group Hamas…Advocates For SHARIA LAW,"Approximately 200,000 people participated in a  Women s March  in D.C. on Saturday. One of the organizers of the march, Linda Sarsour is a Pro-Palestine Muslim activist.She also advocates for Sharia Law in America and has ties to terrorist organization, Hamas.Linda Sarsour, one of the organizers behind Saturday s Women s March, being held in Washington, D.C., was recently spotted at a large Muslim convention in Chicago posing for pictures with an accused financier for Hamas, the terrorist group.Sarsour, the head of the Arab American Association of New York and an Obama White House  Champion of Change,  was speaking at last month s 15th annual convention of the Muslim American Society and Islamic Circle of North America.While there, she posed for a picture with Salah Sarsour, a member of the Islamic Society of Milwaukee and former Hamas operative who was jailed in Israel in the 1990s because of his alleged work for the terrorist group.Though she avoids discussing it now, Sarsour has acknowledged in past interviews that she has cousins serving prison time in Israel because of their work for Hamas.Sarsour has denied having any contact with the terror group. She told The New York Times in 2012 that she would not have been appointed an Obama  Champion of Change  if she had.The activist has risen to national attention recently. She served as a delegate to the Democratic National Convention, and she is one of four lead organizers for the Women s March.  Daily CallerThe fact that an Islamic faction was one of the organizers of the Women s March is laughable at best. Islam is responsible for the worst abuses of women and children not only throughout history, but at present day. Islamic supremacists who wish to impose Sharia law in America have infiltrated various leftist movements in order to appear as an oppressed minority.  GP ",0
19259,"DISGUSTING! Abusive “Transformers” Star Shia LaBeouf Repeatedly SCREAMS, “He Will Not Divide Us” In Face Of Young Trump Supporter [VIDEO]"," Shia Labeouf maniacally screams ""he will not divide us!"" in a Trump supporter's face thereby becoming the physical embodiment of division. pic.twitter.com/vwCUn6acNL  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) January 22, 2017Commencing at 9am on January 20, 2017, the day of the inauguration of the 45th President of the United States, the public is invited to deliver the words  HE WILL NOT DIVIDE US  into a camera mounted on a wall outside the Museum of the Moving Image, New York, repeating the phrase as many times, and for as long as they wish.Open to all, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, the participatory performance will be live-streamed continuously for four years, or the duration of the presidency. In this way, the mantra  HE WILL NOT DIVIDE US  acts as a show of resistance or insistence, opposition or optimism, guided by the spirit of each individual participant and the community.",0
19260,ANTI-TRUMP RADICAL Taunts TRUMP Supporters With ISIS Flag Photo And Beheading Video, This really shouldn t be surprising for anyone who has been following the anarchy and chaos in Europe. Groups of roaming thugs are creating total chaos with violence and torching of cars. Sound familiar? We had the very same thing with the anti-Trump crowd at the inauguration. One solution is to COME DOWN HARD on these violent protesters. Law and Order should be brought back to kill the politically correct attitude we had for 8 long years.Read more: InfoWars,0
19261,LOL! Lifetime Politician Who Got 2% Support From Voters In GOP Primaries Tells CBS: “I don’t know what ‘America First’ Means” [VIDEO],"Lindsey Graham, the South Carolina Republican was unable to differentiate himself from other GOP Presidential candidates and in August 2015, national polls said that 13 percent of Republican or leans-Republican voters said they d never vote for him. Zero percent said they would vote for him.Even  someone else  polled at 1 percent (cue the joke about how hard it would be to find someone else who isn t already in the race). The highest Graham polled nationally was at 2 percent, according to Real Clear Politics.Yet this morning, on CBS s  Face the Nation,  while discussing President Donald Trump s inaugural address calling for his policy to be informed by putting  America first,  Sen. Lindsey Graham, (R-SC) said,  I don t know what America first means. Graham said,  To the president, if America first is a throwback to the 20 sand 30 s isolationism when it was first used as a phrase, the world would deteriorate even quicker, if it is a new way of Ronald Reagan s peace through strength I would like to work with him. I don t know what America first means.   Breitbart",0
19262,WOW! CHUCK TODD Goes After Nasty Chuck Schumer: Opposition To Trump Nominee “Looks Politically Petty” [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOr9fwoc_mo,0
19263,WATCH! Anti-Trump Hag Gets Kicked Off Flight After Threatening TRUMP Supporter…Passengers Clap! [Video],Via: GATEWAY PUNDIT,0
19264,BOOM! FOX NEWS LEFTIST CHRIS WALLACE Attempts Trump Smear Over Inauguration Crowd Size…FOX News’ Brit Hume Backs Up Trump On Fake News Story [VIDEO],"The AP, CNN, People Magazine and other mainstream media, fake news outlets used pictures of the crowds at Obama s inauguration to compare to the crowd s at Trump s inauguration. The only problem is, the picture they used for Trump s inauguration crowd was taken before Trump s actual speech, where the crowds were much larger.Of course, there was never a comparison between Obama and George W. Bush s inauguration crowds, because instead of the full-blown media assassination attempt we see against President Trump, the post-inauguration media coverage was more like an all out effort to canonize Barack Obama by our sycophant media.The media completely ignored the fact that threats of violence were being made by Soros funded groups against Trump supporters since the day after the election. They ignored the open threats made against anyone who dared to attend Trump s inauguration.Anti-Trump rioters made good on their threats. They used human chains to lock visitors out of certain areas including check points where Trump supporters had to pass through in order to get to the inauguration and to the parade.Watch this husband and wife, as they are split up by human barricades. The husband manages to break through the barricade but the wife is trapped and unable to join him. (Does anyone remember seeing this on the news?):#Trump supporter gets past #DisruptJ20 barricade but couldn't get back to his wife #Inauguration pic.twitter.com/JFHOcgcT9c  Alex Rubinstein (@RealAlexRubi) January 20, 2017Fires were started everywhere on the streets. Rioters wearing black ski masks and carrying sledge hammers they used to bust out windows of banks and vehicles were roaming the streets as well.None of these threats existed prior to or during Obama s inauguration. It s pretty safe to say that angry Democrats and anarchists roaming the streets looking for trouble didn t make for the most family friendly environment. Many Trump supporters admitted they wouldn t attend the inauguration because they feared violence against them and their children. But the media just glossed over the fear factor created by the Left, and chalked it up to Trump s sudden (according to fake polls)  unpopularity. Here are the propaganda photos used by the media to discredit Trump.Comparing the crowds at Donald Trump s and Barack Obama s inaugurations https://t.co/YysDewDB9N pic.twitter.com/myrXutzMpH  NYT Politics (@nytpolitics) January 21, 2017For the record, here is an actual picture that was taken during Trump s inaugural speech. The mall appears to be jam packed with Trump supporters:Chris Wallace jumped on the mainstream media train this morning and attempted to discredit Trump and his Press Secretary Sean Spicer. Chris Wallace asked to have the picture comparing Trump and Obama s crowds up on the screen for the viewers to see before confronting  Reince Priebus. Priebus responded,  You re also not saying that that picture was taken before he even began speaking.  Chris Wallace freaks, and asks to have the picture put back up again (which of course doesn t change what Priebus just said).Watch:Fox News  Senior Political Analyst, who also attended the inauguration, tells a much different story than the one Wallace was trying to paint. Perhaps Wallace should have consulted with Hume, since they both work for the same network. Perhaps he should have asked about how the violent protesters affected the number of people who were actually able to make it to the inauguration. To be sure, Brit Hume was no cheerleader for Donald Trump leading up to the election, but at least he had the integrity to tell the truth about the deceitful media s attempt to prove Trump supporters have somehow magically deserted him.I was in the building at the bottom of picture on right yesterday. Shot was taken early, area was considerably fuller by time of speech. https://t.co/bzhWjm4alC  Brit Hume (@brithume) January 22, 2017Brit Hume is also one of the only journalists to point out the seriousness of these violent rioters and says they need to be held responsible for the damage they did to other people s property:""Property damage is not violence""  > Protesters who destroyed property on Inaug. Day part of well- organized group https://t.co/jdx0ta59Zt  Brit Hume (@brithume) January 22, 2017",0
19265,HARSH AND TRUE! TOP TEN Reasons Obama Was The WORST President EVER! [Video], ,0
19266,WATCH! Clueless Anti-Trump “Protesters” Asked Why They’re Protesting Give Hysterical Answers [Video], ,0
19267,BETTY WON’T BITE! Watch What Happens When Katie Couric Desperately Tries To Goad BETTY WHITE Into Blaming Trump For Obama’s Divided Nation [VIDEO],"Katie Couric asks Betty White:  What do you think about the state of our county and how divided it seems to be? Betty White responded,  It s very divided, and we re not in the best place we ve ever been. But I think that s the time to buckle down and really work positively as much as you can instead of saying,  Oh he s terrible or that s terrible . Katie gives it one more try:  It s hard for people to be positive right now because there s so much negativity from the highest office in the land or soon to be to everybody and their brother putting things out on social media. It almost feels toxic, doesn t it? Watch Betty beautifully deflect Katie Couric s best efforts to get her to blame the state of our nation on Donald Trump:",0
19268,HERE’S WHAT Feminists Left Behind After Their Day-Long Hissy Fit…Clearly They’re Not Too Worried About The Environment, ,0
19269,OOPS! Secret Service Opens Investigation After Madonna Tells Thousands Of Angry Liberals She’d Like To “BLOW UP WHITE HOUSE”,"A spokesman for the Secret Service told The Gateway Pundit the agency is aware of the comment by aging pop star Madonna made at a large liberal women s protest against President Donald Trump held in Washington, D.C., Saturday, that she has  thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House.  The spokesman said an investigation would be opened but that the decision to prosecute rests with the U.S. Attorney s office.Madonna told tens of thousands of angry liberals at the March for Women in DC:  I m angry. Yes, I am outraged. Yes, I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House. But I know that this won t change anything.Here s the sickening moment the aging, irrelevant pop-star thought it was pretty cool to say she s,  thought and awful lot about blowing up the White House. ",0
19270,HYSTERICAL LIBERALS CHEER FOR JOHN KERRY…He Came To Protest Something…He’s Not Sure What It Is [Video],This is scary this guy was our Secretary of State! Yikes! His tongue! ,0
19271,TRUMP BLASTS MEDIA For LYING About Bust Of MLK JR Being Removed From Oval Office…Brings One Very Important Bust BACK Into The Oval Office,"President Donald Trump didn t take long to put his stamp on the Oval Office, reinstalling a bust of Winston Churchill that had gotten the boot under President Obama.The Churchill bust was on view as Trump took some of his first actions as president, signing executive orders and a waiver to let generals serve in his cabinet despite prohibitions on ex-military tenure.There was a transatlantic flap when Obama removed the Churchill bust in 2009. The White House at first denied it had been removed, but it was later confirmed that it had been returned to the British Embassy.Reporters allowed into the Oval Office for the document signings observed the change.Obama defended the removal on a trip to the United Kingdom.  I love Winston Churchill, I love the guy,  Obama said at a press conference in London with then-Prime Minister David Cameron. Then-London mayor Boris Johnson, now foreign secretary, attributed the removal to Obama s  ancestral dislike of the British Empire  owing to his father s Kenyan heritage.During the initial flap, then-White House press secretary Dan Pfeiffer defiantly denied the charge, saying  The bust is still in the White House. In the Residence. Outside the Treaty Room.  In fact, that was another bust that had been a gift to President Lyndon Johnson.The new Trump press shop didn t immediately respond to a request for comment Friday night.The Sun reported that when Johnson visited Trump tower and met with Trump advisors Steven Bannon and Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner, they asked for the bust to be returned. The Prime Minister is happy to loan the Churchill bust to the White House and will be delighted to view it on display when she visits this Spring,  a spokesperson for Prime Minister Theresa May told the paper.   Daily MailYesterday, TIME reporter Zeke Miller erroneously reported that Trump removed the MLK Jr bust from the Oval Office. He was called out for lying by President Trump s Press Secretary Sean Spicer and was forced to apologize:Here s the tweet from Trump s outspoken Press Secretary Sean Spice:Thanks to White House Chief of Staff for this wonderful picture of the MLK bust in the oval pic.twitter.com/Lzgj6RljvI  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) January 21, 2017 ",0
19272,"“THANK YOU BABY”…YES, FEMINISTS WILL GO NUTS: President Trump Uses Endearment To Refer to Kellyanne Conway In Thank You Speech [Video]",https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LNyx_DWzzA,0
19273,AWESOME! STREET ARTIST SABO TARGETS Hollywood Liberals With TRUMP ’24’ Spoof Posters,"Protesters gathered Friday in Los Angeles for something called  United Against Hate Inauguration March,  where street artist Sabo posted several fake advertisements for  24: Legacy.  Sabo is our favorite conservative street artist famous for lampooning liberal Hollywood. He s celebrated the inauguration of  Trump at an anti-Trump rally Friday in Los Angeles by posting faux posters of Fox s revival of the hit TV show 24:Read more: Hollywood Reporter",0
19274,GANG OF DOMESTIC TERRORISTS Violently Attack Lone Trump Supporter For Putting Out Huge Fire Started On Street In DC [VIDEO],***WARNING*** Violence is graphic***This Trump supporter used a fire extinguisher to put out a fire on the street in DC that was started by domestic terrorists who were rioting in opposition to Trump s presidency.Watch how these animals attack this brave young man for doing the right thing:https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/822629269109178369,0
19275,OBAMA GIVES FINAL THOUGHTS On Trump Presidency: He’s ‘a Comma’ in ‘the Story of Building America’,"The Obama family ended their eight-year residency at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue on Friday, as the former first couple bid a temporary farewell to the nation s capital following Donald Trump s swearing-in ceremony.The Obamas stood with President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump, before walking down in unison toward a Marine helicopter. The two couples exchanged pleasantries, before the Obamas boarded the helicopter for the quick hop to Joint Base Andrews, where daughters Malia and Sasha awaited along with the Air Force jet that, for the next four years, will only be known as Air Force One when Trump is on board.Barack Obama addressed the crowd after their arrival at Andrews, and joked that  Michelle and I, we ve really been milking this goodbye thing, so it behooves me to be very brief. He then circled back to his campaign message of hope:  Throughout it was infused with a sense of hope   It wasn t blind optimism that drove you to do all this work, it wasn t naivet    it was hope in the face of difficulty. It was hope in the face of uncertainty. This is just a little pit stop. This is not a period, this is a comma. In the continuing story of building America,  he added later.Via: People",0
19276,THE “PEACEFUL” TRANSITION Of Power Continues As Domestic Terrorists Light Limo In D.C. On Fire [VIDEO],"Domestic terrorists  torched  a limousine in D.C.near the parade. Because nothing says,  I hate President Donald Trump  like lighting a perfect strangers vehicle on fire.Keep it up you bunch of loser criminals and you ll never win another election Fire on 13 & K looks like a car was torched. Some #DisruptJ20 protesters leaving the area now pic.twitter.com/xTVCOy9PwC  Ryan Lovelace (@LovelaceRyanD) January 20, 2017Protesters set fire to a limo as part of anti-Trump demonstrations in Washington #PresidentTrump #inauguration https://t.co/9bajc0H2BU  Sky News (@SkyNews) January 20, 2017Folks, I present to you the modern left! #Inauguration pic.twitter.com/wFkJnrAcfK  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) January 20, 2017",0
19277,TEMPERS FLARE IN DC: BIKERS FOR TRUMP Break Through Protester Line…Rioters Trap Wife Of Trump Supporter…Trump Bikers Brawl With Masked Protesters [VIDEO],"https://youtu.be/ZfRYj2ZX3dE#Trump supporter gets past #DisruptJ20 barricade but couldn't get back to his wife #Inauguration pic.twitter.com/JFHOcgcT9c  Alex Rubinstein (@RealAlexRubi) January 20, 2017Finally, these bikers are caught in a brawl with a DisruptJ20 protester:Bikers For Trump guy fights with #DisruptJ20 protester pic.twitter.com/JVUpuDBsQZ  Alex Rubinstein (@RealAlexRubi) January 20, 2017 ",0
19278,CLASSIC! UNHINGED LIBERAL Loses It…Screams “Nooo!” As Soon As Trump Is Sworn In [Video],"An anti-Trump protester screams  no  as Donald Trump is sworn in as the 45th US President pic.twitter.com/qmsaFmMSkr  ITV News (@itvnews) January 20, 2017",0
19279,THE BEST WAY To Clear Soros’ Anti-Trump Rioters Out Of DC Can Be Found On One Piece Of Paper,"#disruptj20 protesters on the move, many leaving the checkpoint. And they've chained themselves together pic.twitter.com/jYvaY75hND  Ryan Lovelace (@LovelaceRyanD) January 20, 2017",0
19280,SICKENING: SOROS’ PROTESTERS Block U.S. Air Force Vets From Entering Inauguration Ceremony [VIDEO],"#disruptj20 protesters blocking men in Air Force uniforms from getting through the #Inauguration checkpoint pic.twitter.com/XVErOHHBwg  Ryan Lovelace (@LovelaceRyanD) January 20, 2017",0
19281,VIDEO: CROWD Chants “LOCK HER UP!” As Crooked Hillary Is Introduced At #Inauguration,"Boos and chants of  Lock her up!  were heard in the crowd assembled at the West Front of the U.S. Capitol Friday morning when defeated Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was introduced at the inaugural ceremony for President-elect Donald Trump.#InaugurationDay Lock her up pic.twitter.com/APVtyyYote  Bill Simms (@Mittens1245) January 20, 2017The crowd on the mall booed when the jumbotron showed a close-up shot of Hillary Clinton at #Inauguration https://t.co/1dvY5lxdKo  gpbnews (@gpbnews) January 20, 2017Some in crowd chanting LOCK HER UP as Hillary Clinton arrives  Jamie Dupree (@jamiedupree) January 20, 2017Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
19282,"BREAKING: VIOLENCE ERUPTS Outside Of “Deploraball,” Streets Of D.C. Against Trump Supporters [VIDEO]","Watch this young man relay his experience that he calls,  disgusting  outside of the Deploraball, the event the SJ20 group has been planning to disrupt for quite some time:https://twitter.com/willthethinker/status/822310509525381120DC Police form line at Press Club as angry Anti-Trump protesters taunt, jeer supremacist attendees. #disruptj20 #TrumpInauguration pic.twitter.com/tVBOTCDPPA  DCMediaGroup (@DCMediaGroup) January 20, 2017I hope George Soros (or whatever radical leftist group) got a great deal on all of those pre-printed signs for his  spontaneous  or  grass roots  protesters. BREAKING: DC police mace, teargas anti-Trump protests outside National Press club. Video: #disruptj20 pic.twitter.com/cdIKHUlUg9  DCMediaGroup (@DCMediaGroup) January 20, 2017A popular Youtuber and candidate for Conservative Republican National Chair James Allsup was attacked outside of the Deploraball. After this interview he was hit in the back of the head with a flagpole and his head was split open:Quick interview with the pro-Trump supporter who got punched in the protest. Police pulled him away before I could ask his name pic.twitter.com/gUEh4ASpbm  Nick Corasaniti (@NYTnickc) January 20, 2017Here s what happened to James Allsup after he was assaulted by the first anti-trumper. His story is below:This is the photo @FoxNews got. More graphic photos coming from my cam. #Deploraball pic.twitter.com/QsEt0WszrN  James Allsup (@realJamesAllsup) January 20, 2017I hear ""die Nazi"" being yelled. Crowd begins chasing us. I know this is not good. 11/?  James Allsup (@realJamesAllsup) January 20, 2017Next thing I know ears are ringing. I turn and see white male, approx 5ft11,with flagpole in hand. I knew. 12/?  James Allsup (@realJamesAllsup) January 20, 2017I pull MAGA cap off, run hand through hair. Hand is full of blood. Now I know it's serious. 13/?  James Allsup (@realJamesAllsup) January 20, 2017Bit of a blackout here. Don't exactly remember what happened. Cops pulled me and Nico out. Bring us through building. 14/?  James Allsup (@realJamesAllsup) January 20, 2017An intrepid reporter may find the officer who saw the pole attack and FOIA the bodycam footage.  James Allsup (@realJamesAllsup) January 20, 2017About to get head stapled. Thanks all for good wishes.  James Allsup (@realJamesAllsup) January 20, 2017Inauguration protest organizers are drowning in a deluge of death threats at the behest of conservative media. https://t.co/KjPZfh9d5A  Jack Smith IV (@JackSmithIV) January 19, 2017",0
19283,SHOCKER! BRATTY KID WHO SAID “Screw Our President!” Is Drew Carey’s Son! [Video],"Immediately after this happened, Charles Krauthammer came on and destroyed the left!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9h_Jbxe5Cw",0
19284,TRUMP BRINGS LOVE FOR AMERICA BACK TO DC! President-Elect Trump Wows Crowd With Awesome Speech At Union Station [VIDEO], ,0
19285,"Conservative Author DESTROYS Hypocrisy, Misplaced Outrage Of Gay Activists Dancing Near Pence Home [VIDEO]","Hundreds of protestors and LGBTQ activists took to the streets outside of Mike Pence s Washington, D.C., home on Wednesday night to protest the vice president-elect with a dance party.WERK for Peace and DisruptJ20 planned the  Queer Dance Party at Mike Pence s House  to speak out against what they consider are Pence s anti-LGBT views.They convened at Friendship Heights Metro station and danced toward the Pence family s rental home, less than two days before he is sworn in as vice president. We are here tonight to send a clear message to Daddy Pence that we will not tolerate bigotry and hate in our country,  said one organizer, Firas Nasr, as he rallied the dancers, according to CNN. The HillThese are the streets outside Mike Pence's house in D.C., shut down by activists throwing a Queer Dance Party tonight. Pure jubilance. pic.twitter.com/GrJAgvSZBh  Jack Smith IV (@JackSmithIV) January 19, 2017Ezra Levant of Rebel Media had the most brilliant response to their ridiculous attempt to embarrass Mike Pence and his family. Just one reminder of who they supported for President and how some of her Hillary s largest donors  came from countries who throw gays off rooftops:Good stuff! Now do it outside the embassy of gay-stoning Saudi Arabia, which donated $25 million to Hillary Clinton. https://t.co/KCzfw5F8cP  Ezra Levant   (@ezralevant) January 19, 2017",0
19286,"WATCH MICHELLE OBAMA Take One Last Walk Through The House She Was Forced To Wake Up In Every Morning, Knowing It Was “Built By Slaves”","Watch the ultimate victim, Michelle Obama address a large group of college graduates at CCNY last year, bemoaning her fate as First Lady, complaining that she he has to,  wake up every morning in a house built by slaves. And finally, the most divisive First Lady in history is leaving the White House that apparently tortured her every day.See ya Mooch your divisiveness and your 5-star taxpayer funded vacations won t be missed!Enjoy:Taking it in on one last walk through the People's House. pic.twitter.com/uaAn6j8Ygy  First Lady- Archived (@FLOTUS44) January 18, 2017",0
19287,"BREAKING: CLOSE FRIEND Of Bill And Hillary Clinton, Huge Democrat Donor ARRESTED For Threatening To Kill President-Elect Trump At Inauguration","The man arrested by Miami Beach police Tuesday for allegedly threatening President-elect Donald Trump online is a member of a prominent northeast family close to Bill and Hillary Clinton. According to the Daily Mail, he once gave $20,000 to the Democratic National Committee.Suspect Dominic Puopolo Jr., 51, sat near Hillary Clinton when she delivered the eulogy at the funeral of Puopolo s mother, Sonia, who died in one of the jets that flew into the World Trade Center on 9-11.During that eulogy on Oct. 6, 2001 in Boston, the former presidential candidate referred to  Dom Jr. s latest computer wizardry. The  wizard  is now being held in a Miami-Dade County jail after using Twitter to threaten Trump s life.Trump is scheduled to be sworn in Friday in Washington, D.C. as Puopolo remains incarcerated on a charge of threatening to harm a public servant.Puopolo reportedly admitted to posting a video to Twitter, saying:  This is the 16th of January 2017, I will be at the review/ inauguration and I will kill President Trump, President elect Trump today. He was nabbed after leaving a Washington Avenue Subway sandwich shop about 4 p.m. Tuesday.Puopolo, however, may not be the average Trump hater. On various social media platforms, where he posts as JesusChrist1701, the computer consultant claims to have testified in terror cases as an expert witness in a German federal court in Hamburg from 2003 to 2008.He also says he served in the Navy.He once posted a photo of himself holding an image of his mother in front of a wall that sports a picture of him with Colin Powell and a famous shot of Ronald Reagan.Puopolo has published a number of pictures of outgoing Secretary of State John Kerry, whom he calls a friend.  Daily Mail ",0
19288,BEYOND SICK! CNN Runs Segment To Explain How Obama Appointee Will Take Over As President If Both Trump And Pence Are Assassinated At Inauguration [VIDEO], ,0
19289,SOCIALIST Bernie Sanders Asks Trump’s Pick For Education Sec If She’ll Agree To FREE College…Gets Embarrassing Public SMACK DOWN [VIDEO],"Besty Devos is Trump s conservative choice for Education Secretary. During her confirmation process leftist Bernie Sanders  most important question had absolutely nothing to do with providing our kids the best education possible. Sanders had one burning question for Betsy Devos, and it had to do with what else? How can we give Americans something for free?Betsy Devos  answer to Bernie was perfect ",0
19290,"WHOA! “Canada’s Donald Trump,” Billionaire And Shark Tank Host Kevin O’Leary Announces Run Against “Canada’s Barack Obama” [VIDEO]","Kevin O Leary, a rich Canadian television personality, announced Wednesday he is running for leadership of Canada s opposition Conservative Party in a bid to unseat Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, the baby-faced and extremely  woke  leader of America s neighbor to the north.O Leary is a host of  Shark Tank  on ABC, a show in which entrepreneurs humiliate themselves in front of wealthy investors. The businessman has a net worth of roughly $300 million, but in Canada that basically makes him a billionaire. He ll be the highest-profile candidate in a field of 13 running for the party leadership position.Given his wealth and television background, O Leary has been described as  Canada s Donald Trump.  He announced his run for office on Twitter, where he has previously described Trudeau as a  surfer dude  who is  destroying  Canada with debt. It s official, I m in,  O Leary tweeted from his official account.  The Conservative Party of Canada needs a candidate who can beat Justin Trudeau and bring back jobs to this country!   HeatStIt's official, I'm in. The Conservative Party of Canada needs a candidate who can beat Justin Trudeau and bring back jobs to this country!  Kevin O'Leary (@kevinolearytv) January 18, 2017",0
19291,WHAT’S WRONG WITH THIS PICTURE? 5 Anti-Trump Activists On Magazine Cover Just Made Us Detest Them Even More, ,0
19292,N. DAKOTA LEGISLATOR Proposes Bill To PROTECT MOTORISTS If They Hit Pipeline Protesters Intentionally Blocking Roads,"Protesters who take to the streets in North Dakota might want to look both ways for changes in the rules of the road.A bill sponsored by state Rep. Keith Kempenich, R-Bowman, would protect drivers from legal consequences if they inadvertently hit, injure or kill pedestrians who are obstructing traffic.The legislation is a direct response to the massive protests around the Standing Rock Indian Reservation, Kempenich said. The ongoing protests have shut down a nearby highway for months and stalled construction of a pipeline that would carry crude from the North Dakota oil patch. If you stay off the roadway, this would never be an issue,  Kempenich said.  Those motorists are going about the lawful, legal exercise of their right to drive down the road.   Those people didn t ask to be in this. The legislation has drawn withering criticism from Standing Rock supporters, who worry that it could be open season for protesters on North Dakota roads.Kempenich said he wants to shift the blame for a crash from drivers to the people who choose to protest in traffic. The legislation, he said, would not protect someone who deliberately tries to run down a protester, and it would not let drivers off the hook if they hit a jaywalker or a child chasing a ball into the street. This bill puts the onus on somebody who s made a conscious decision to put themselves in harm s way,  he said.  You can protest all you want, but you can t protest up on a roadway. It s dangerous for everybody.    Star TribuneHighways shouldn t be used as staging areas for protests, Kempenich said.  They re intentionally putting themselves in danger,  he said, adding that accidents could result.Blocking roads or highways has also been a tactic adopted on occasion by protesters in other movements, such as Black Lives Matter.A spokeswoman for the pipeline protests said she is concerned the bill, if passed, would give careless drivers a free pass to kill or maim people who are exercising their free speech rights. It is basically giving permission for vehicular homicide, and that is wrong,  said Joye Braun, an organizer for the Indigenous Environmental Network.  Nobody has the right to take the life of another person. The network is an activist group that opposes the pipeline, which would carry Bakken crude oil across the Missouri River just north of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. Protesters say the pipeline s path crosses sacred land and could endanger the tribe s source of drinking water.Braun said she once was struck by a woman who objected to her video-recording a protest outside a fast-food restaurant in Mandan, and she worries the bill would embolden people to harm pipeline protesters. I believe there is a small element who may use this as an excuse to attack people,  Braun said.The proposal has attracted some national attention. Robert Reich, a former U.S. labor secretary and liberal commentator, has criticized the bill.-Inforum",0
19293,"VIETNAM VET, MILITARY “Lifer” DESTROYS Crybaby Democrats In Scathing Letter: “I sometimes wonder if I’ll get to heaven, but if I go to hell, I’m sure I’ll still be a few hundred floors above that bastard…”","A powerful letter from a  lifer  in the military:Because I am a  lifer  in the military, I ve seen the impact of a president more than many of you can imagine. I enlisted with LBJ and saw just what a Democrat clusterflock was all about. I went to Vietnam and saw how we were constantly and incessantly bombarded with micromanagement from Washington that got thousands of military people killed. I sometimes wonder if I ll get to heaven, but if I go to hell, I m sure I ll still be a few hundred floors above that bastard Robert McNamara , LBJ, John Kerry, Jane Fonda, and yes, even the  hero  John McCain.After Johnson  abdicated  rather than having his ass waxed, I lived through Nixon who was hawkish but allowed the generals (and there WERE a few real generals back then versus now) run the show. He was so out of touch that he never knew North Vietnam was about to surrender when the Paris Accord was presented.Only God could help us after Gerald Ford was beaten by Jimmy Peanuts who d been funded by Saudi money. The military was turned into Section 8 and even the Whitehouse suffered the austerity. Then the light began to shine and Ronald Reagan swept into the fray. He not only loved the country and the military, they loved him back. Esprit d corps was off the scale during his presidency. The Liberals were slowly turning into socialists, however, and about this time all the draft dodgers of the 1960 s who d been given amnesty by Jimmy Peanuts were turning out college graduates with degrees in socialism. Bush 1 was an enigma from the CIA and though he never did much either way, he NEVER DID MUCH EITHER WAY.Welcome to Bill Clinton. Clinton spent most of his two terms wagging the dog and creating the Oral Office, sending a bomber to blow up Quaddafi s tent and killing a goat or two, while allowing the UN to set up the infamous Black Hawk Down situation. He made history by becoming only the second president to be impeached.I actually felt sorry for Bush 2. He was doomed to infamy from the start. He thought most of America was still the rah rah patriots of WWII when they were simply socialists waiting to feed him to the sharks. Then there came the Manchurian Candidate with a faked (OK Democrats, let s say  of questionable origin  to assuage your PC brains) birth certificate, who d gotten a free ride through college under a foreign student exemption, and whose college records and complete life history had been sealed. (We know more about Thomas Jefferson s bastard children than we do about Obama, Michelle, OR their two kids.) From his inaugural address, he slandered America and within days had begun to encourage dissention of the races as well as slandering police who  acted stupidly.  That was mild to the crap that would come in doubling the national debt from what had been built by ALL THE PREVIOUS PRESIDENTS COMBINED, feeding us bullspit about how Muslims built this country, and nationalizing American industries. Fueled by George Soros  money and using the Air Force fleet as his personal charters, he appointed malcontents and traitors into positions of authority. He trashed the Constitution by installing  czars  (interesting he chose a title like that) to bypass Congressional authority. By that time, Congress was completely corrupt on both sides of the aisle. No one had balls to impeach this charlatan. Mysteriously, the lone outspoken conservative Supreme Court Justice suddenly dies in his sleep at an Obama pal s hunting lodge and the Supreme Court is evenly split. Finally, Congress shows some balls and rejects Obama s nomination. The Libtards aren t worried because the fix is in. Soros has paid demonstrators to cause turmoil at all the Republican gatherings, Obama concedes that illegal aliens should vote as they won t be prosecuted, and Soros-manufactured voting machines are caught switching votes in certain precincts. Hillary has cheated her way to the nomination and her lies are completely ignored by the brainwashed minions of sycophants who follow her. But a shocking thing happened on the way to the forum.Middle America had had enough and although the pollsters and the pipers tried to convince them not even to bother to vote, they were fed up with the denizens of the swamp. It was time. Florida was designated a  swing  state ignoring that all those old retirees living in St. Petersburg, and the fed up Cuban Americans of Miami weren t interested in their platform. Ohio and Pennsylvania, where coal production was blacklisted and where Obama had ridiculed them for  clinging to their Bibles and their guns,  lay awaiting this supposed  landslide  Hillary vote and creamed it.The Socialist world of the Democratic Party disintegrated. An American who expressed unbridled love of country and respect for police, firemen, and military steamrolled across the heartland and the liberals realized their scheme was trashed. A CONSTITUTIONALIST would be nominated to the Supreme Court and if the hag who d claimed to retire if Trump were elected would actually leave, the Supreme Court would have a massive majority of CONSTITUTIONALISTS for the next 40-50 years.Now, the same party who d ridiculed Trump on his comments about the election being rigged, started screaming that the election was rigged. They even advocated having the election repeated. They created mobs that burned and pillaged, stopped traffic, threatened murder, battery and rape of Trump supporters, and became the anarchists that the socialist dream thrives upon. They run like castrated pigs for safe zones and use diaper pins as their national symbol.This is exactly what happens when political correctness takes over and participation trophies are awarded to everyone. They can t conceive how disgusting and subservient they have become. Donald Trump may NOT be the best person for the job, but he s such a welcome respite from the candy-assed whimps who ve been running the swamp that it s refreshing to see. At the very least, Donald Trump derailed the Socialist train and bought us precious time. If he only does half of what he s promised, we ll still be legions ahead of where Obama has dragged us. Already countries who held us in contempt are lining up to be found in the favor of America.So for you liberal lurkers and you half-assed fence-sitters, kiss off. You had your big hurrah and now your party is over. For you staunch Republicans in office, don t gloat so much yourselves. You ve been put on notice by the American people that we re fed up with ALL YOU BASTARDS and if you don t start putting America first, you do so at your own peril. You might want to buy a copy of George McGovern s autobiography and see how shocking and humbling it can be for a professional politician to have to try to find legitimate work once he falls from grace. This election was pure, unadulterated AMERICAN. Hillary got beaten and AMERICA WON THE ELECTION. You can claim he s not  your president  all you want, but unless you forfeit your American citizenship, YES HE IS!!!! Go cry a river some place they need water.Retired Chief Master Sergeant George Roof gave permission to 100percentfedup.com to publish his amazing letter on our website. We applaud George s passion and his honesty. Most of all, we thank him for dedicating his life to service in our US armed forces.",0
19294,BREAKING: Anti-Trump Radicals Caught Discussing Plans To SHUT DOWN METRO TRAINS In DC During Inauguration [VIDEO],"Listen here to @legbacarrefour explaining his plan to #ChaintheTrains and stop the Metro in DC. #DisruptJ20Exposed pic.twitter.com/XoT1tsLzPl  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) January 17, 2017",0
19295,“RACIST” CONSERVATIVE Viewers Of The O’Reilly Factor Have Raised Over $600K To Help Fund Black College Band’s Trip To Trump Inauguration…Leftist HATERS Go Ballistic! [VIDEO],"Bill O Reilly reacted to the approximate $500,000 (currently up to over $560K) that has been raised for the Talladega College  Marching Tornadoes  band s trip to participate in the Inauguration Day ceremony for President-elect Donald Trump in Washington.In his Talking Points Memo, he said that much of the money raised for the historically black college was bankrolled by people that mainstream entities often demonize as  racist . Generalizing about any group is foolish and dishonest,  O Reilly said, calling the impromptu fundraiser  a repudiation of race-baiters. O Reilly recalled how college president Dr. Billy Hawkins  appearance last week on the  O Reilly Factor  was not intended as a fundraising announcement, but that subsequent guest Omarosa Manigault mentioned the GoFundMe account.Hawkins has since received threats and derogatory comments for standing firm on sending his students to the District of Columbia.Syndicated columnist Charles Krauthammer added that the nationwide response to the appeal by Talladega is what Martin Luther King Jr. Day, and Inauguration Day, is all about.   FOXThe haters came out on social media and made outrageous statements like the one below:The sons of two deceased Talladega graduates posted on Facebook that they are returning their parents  diplomas in opposition to the school s decision to march. Both of our parents have passed away since receiving this cherished recognition from the College. But we have no doubt that they would be angered and deeply disappointed if they knew of the plans for Talladega College to pay tribute to Donald Trump by participating in his inaugural,  Peter, David and Steven Rasmussen wrote.  Mr. Trump has demonstrated in innumerable ways, during the electoral campaign and his time as president-elect, that he is the antithesis of all they worked and stood for and of the values they nurtured in their students.  NBC",0
19296,"USA TODAY ARTICLE Blames Whites For MLK Murder: Whites killed MLK. Now we honor him…Centuries of kidnapping, torture, murder, rape”","Thomas  article can be read below:My dad called Martin Luther King an  agitator.  I bet a lot of white dads did. Seems like every time Dr. King showed up somewhere, things got torn up or burned up.So we killed him. Not me, of course. I m not a racist. But who thinks he is?Notice how USA Today author Oliver Thomas is quick to point out that he s,  not a racist,  just everyone else.So we tried to fix it. Made his birthday a national holiday. Put him on a pedestal. Where we can honor him. And he can t poke us in the eye.Plus, now we ve squared everything. The Civil Rights Act. The Voting Rights Act. Come on, we ve even elected a black president! That s why people who look like me have a hard time understanding why so many black people are still angry while others have given up on America altogether.I ll let Ta-Nehisi Coates boil it down for you. White society was not achieved through  wine tastings and ice cream socials, but rather through the pillaging of life, liberty, labor and land.  In short, through three centuries of kidnapping, torture, murder and rape. Broken teeth, broken bones and broken spirits. Families ripped apart. Children taken from their parents. Men humiliated in front of their wives. Women brutalized within earshot of their husbands. Lash after bloody lash on bare backs. Then, sleep on a bare wooden floor. No doctor, no dentist, no nothing. Just non-stop misery with a few hymns on Sunday.We built an entire society on these bruised and broken backs. That and countless Native Americans driven off their land. Then, after the house of horrors fell, and the sin was purged by the blood of more than a half-million young mostly white men, white America still did not relent. Despite passage of the 13th, 14th and 15th Amendments to the Constitution, states found ways to disenfranchise blacks. We took back the vote, cordoned blacks off in the most undesirable parts of our cities, forced them into inferior schools and denied them opportunities. Few blacks owned their homes. Many could not read and write. Thousands were lynched. That s Southern for murdered without a trial. Imagine if that s what black men had done to Robert De Niro or David Bowie for marrying black women.The article can be read in its entirety on USA Today ",0
19297,DISRESPECTFUL DEMS EXPOSED! You’ll Never Guess Who Also Boycotted George W. Bush’s Inauguration [VIDEO],"It s a free country, and the nineteen (and counting) members of Congress who are planning to boycott President-elect Trump s inauguration are certainly within their rights. So even is Rep. John Lewis, D-Ga., who said over the weekend that Trump s election (or his presidency) is  illegitimate. That doesn t make his comment true or honorable or helpful to the nation s well-being, but he is free to say it.Reps. Lewis, Jerry Nadler, D-N.Y., Barbara Lee, D-Calif., Katherine Clark, D-Mass., and the other inaugural boycotters are certainly not alone in finding Trump uniquely awful. They are not alone in believing the president-elect has gone out of his way to offend people. Probably they also recognize that, in the safe districts they all represent, an inaugural boycott might even be a political winner.But this is also part of a pattern. Lewis and Lee, along with some other Democratic lawmakers at the time, also boycotted to make a point when President George W. Bush was inaugurated in 2001. The Washington Post reported at the time that Lewis  thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush s swearing-in because he doesn t believe Bush is the true elected president. Maybe they had a better excuse that time, as there was so much lingering acrimony surrounding the Florida recount. But we re talking about elected members of Congress who have refused to accept two Republican presidencies in a row. Is there always a good enough excuse whenever a Republican wins? At what point is it fair to ask whether some people are just not committed to democratic or legal processes at all unless the results come out as they hope?  Washington ExaminerWatch the video below to see how Democrats protested Bush s inauguration:After skipping Bush's inauguration in '01, @Trish_Regan says there's a pattern of John Lewis's attempts to de-legitimize Presidents! pic.twitter.com/4XZrnNnU62  Trish Regan Intel (@TrishIntel) January 16, 2017",0
19298,TOBY KEITH Has AWESOME Response To Crybaby Attacks Over Trump Inauguration Performance [VIDEO],"Country singer Toby Keith won t be bullied into submission by the Left like other entertainers who won t perform or have cancelled their commitment to perform at Trump s inauguration.Keith, 55, said he does not apologize for  performing for our country and our military. He performed for both Presidents Obama and George W. Bush in addition to hundreds of shows for troops in Afghanistan and the United Service Organization, he said. It s sad that the  performing  is the heroic act,  Pete Hegseth said on  Fox & Friends ,  There were no protests like this in 2008.   Fox Insider Americans who are sick and tired of being bullied by leftists need to take a stand and support Toby Keith. Let Keith know how you feel and that you appreciate him having a backbone and doing what s right for America and for our military.SHOW your support for Toby Keith s inaugural performance in several different ways:Click here: @TobyKeithMusic to send him a message on Twitter.Click here:Toby Keith to post a Facebook message on his wall.Go to itunes.apple.com to purchase one of his songs or an entire album.SHARE this everywhere! We need to get as many Americans as possible showing their support for Toby Keith and his inauguration performance. ",0
19299,"WOW! MACON, GA RESIDENT SLAMS Rep John Lewis: “What have you accomplished? Why don’t you go on the news and talk about the black-on-black terrorism that’s happening in Chicago?”[VIDEO]"," Young black man delivers poignant message to Representative John Lewis, who recently called Donald Trump an  illegitimate President  So many jobs have left the state. And you know what s moved in? Drugs, gangs illegal immigration. My mother s been there for 27 year and she s on drugs. It s her choice. I m not blaming you Representative Lewis. But you ve been there. You ve done nothing. Last year, you did a  sit in  for Hillary Clinton. For Hillary Clinton! You did a  sit in  on the floor. It was for her. It wasn t for guns. It wasn t for the Pulse nightclub. That s you guys tried to exploit. But it was for Hillary Clinton, to set her up to win. And now that she lost, your token ass is sad. So you re gonna call Donald Trump,  illegitimate?  I mean seriously? What are you doing? You re living off of MLK. Martin Luther King is a great man, obviously, we re celebrating his birthday years later after his death. FOX News Calls You A  Civil Rights Icon Why Are You An Icon? Because You Got Your Ass Beat? You have been ineffective. Where are your accomplishments? Nothing. Why don t you go on the news and talk about the black on black terrorism that s happening in Chicago? ""The Five""BLACK Democrats have been played watch video  https://t.co/gYrAIBPCg4  Jose (@JoeTheMailman) January 16, 2017",0
19300,"BREAKING: LEFTISTS CAUGHT On UNDERCOVER VIDEO Planning Acts Of Violence, Terrorism At Trump Inauguration…”If you try to shut us down, we will go to your house and burn it!”",This is only Part I of a series of undercover videos into the groups and organizations that seek to cause havoc and violence at the Trump inauguration in Washington DC.,0
19301,"DEMOCRAT CONGRESSWOMAN, WIFE OF FELON Threatens Paul Ryan On Twitter Over Cutting Federal Funds To Kill Babies",".@SpeakerRyan the women of America are watching. You will regret any attempt to defund Planned Parenthood https://t.co/pc37ND0fLd  Jan Schakowsky (@janschakowsky) January 5, 2017The wife of felon Bob Creamer is apparently borrowing a page from her husband s Chicago politics playbook. The good news is, Schakowsky is wasting her time with her silly rhetoric. America has spoken, and the radical leftist agenda of the Left can now be found exactly where it belongs in the White House trash bin.Republicans will need just a simple majority of members to pass both measures. Planned Parenthood legislation would be in our reconciliation bill,  Ryan said to reporters at a press conference, when asked  how and when  the House will pass legislation to defund the organization. I think the 2015 bill we passed will make it into reconciliation and be part of it,  said Rep. Mark Meadows said.  Nothing in Washington, D.C. is 100 percent, but I do believe there is a high probability that it happens. Republicans across the spectrum of conservatism, from moderates to far right members, are now lined up and prepared to support that bill and strip Planned Parenthood of federal funding.That commitment that is not new to Capitol Hill, where Republicans have pushed since 2015 to defund the organization in response to secretly recorded videos of abortion doctors discussing the use of fetal tissue, which were deceptively edited. House Republicans passed a defunding bill in 2015, but the bill never got a vote in the Senate. -BuzzFeed (We only used the fake news site Buzzfeed as a source because it is part of the story, as it was included in Rep. Schakowsky s tweet. As a disclaimer do NOT consider them a reliable source of news.) In October 2016, James O Keefe released an undercover video in that exposed Democratic operatives working in the underbelly of their party to coordinate and commit violent and illegal activities against Americans in order to defeat Trump.One of the key figures in O Keefe s report was convicted felon and husband of Rep. Jan Schakowsky ( D-IL), Robert Creamer who oversaw a check-kiting scheme so elaborate that his employees followed a written manual   complete with detailed instructions on when and where to float checks totaling millions of dollars.Go to the 3:35 mark to see who Bob Creamer is:James O Keefe asked Rep. Jan Schakowsky how her felon husband was doing after he saw her tweet:How's your husband doing? Bob Creamer? https://t.co/wgcvqIhre1  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) January 10, 2017As it turns out, convicted felon Robert Creamer was also a frequent visitor of the White House. Between 11/21/2009 and 6/24/2016, Robert Creamer appears to have visited the White House 342 times, 340 times as  Robert Creamer  and twice as  Bob Creamer . He logged in times and was either a guest of Barack Obama or his lovely wife Michelle. One can only wonder what business Michelle had with this criminal. Hmmm Here s Mooch cozying up to Democratic voter-fraud operative Robert Creamer:.@FLOTUS @POTUS why did you invite convicted felon @rbcreamer who oversaw @realDonaldTrump rally agitators to the @WhiteHouse 342 Times? pic.twitter.com/PLcDzErlOR  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) October 19, 2016Like so many other Democrats whose spouses have been convicted of felonies and sent off to prison, the radical anti-gun activist and congresswoman, Jan Schakowsky was not found to have any part in her husband s crimes (even though she signed the false W-2 forms he used to deceive the IRS).As executive director of the Illinois Public Action Fund, Robert Creamer s actions led several banks to experience shortfalls of at least $2.3 million, authorities alleged.In all, the 56-year-old Evanston resident was charged with 16 counts of bank fraud involving three alleged check-kiting schemes in the mid-1990s.The indictment, however, alleges no wrongdoing on the part of Schakowsky, who served on the group s policy board and currently holds a similar position with Citizen Action/Illinois. That group was formed by ex-employees after Creamer resigned in 1997 when the allegations first surfaced.Creamer worked for 22 years for the Illinois Public Action Fund and for the Citizens Action Center for Consumer Rights. The not-for-profit groups had been influential in pushing progressive causes such as campaign finance and health care reform.",0
19302,UNHINGED FEMINIST PROTESTERS MAKING ‘P*SSYHATS’ To Wear At The Anti-Trump March,"As the Pussyhat Project s flier helpfully points out:We love the clever wordplay of  pussyhat  and  pussycat,  but yes,  pussy  is also a derogatory term for female genitalia. We choose this loaded word for our project because we want to reclaim the term as a means of empowerment.The group goes on to point out their view that identifying people with female genitalia as females is considered a form of oppression, saying that  in this day and age, if we have pussies we are assigned the gender of  woman.  Women, whether transgender or cisgender, are mistreated in society. Read more: Breitbart",0
19303,TREASURY DEPT Depicts Lady Liberty As A Black Woman On New U.S. Coin,"Lady Liberty will be depicted as a black women on a coin   the first time in the nation s history Lady Liberty has not been a white woman   the U.S. Treasury Department announced on Thursday.The coin, worth about $100 face value, is part of a commemorative series to honor the 225th anniversary of the U.S. Mint.Treasury and @usmint have unveiled the designs for the 2017 American Liberty Gold Coin. Details here: https://t.co/i7jYMD8sRi #USMint225 pic.twitter.com/nNmJotF0Ab  Treasury Department (@USTreasury) January 13, 2017 The 2017 American Liberty 225th Anniversary Gold Coin is the first in a series of 24-karat gold coins that will feature designs which depict an allegorical Liberty in a variety of contemporary forms-including designs representing Asian-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, and Indian-Americans among others-to reflect the cultural and ethnic diversity of the United States,  the U.S. Treasury Department said in a statement.The coin is part of a year-long celebration by the U.S. Treasury to celebrate the mint, and the theme will be  Remembering our Past, Embracing the Future.    KKTV",0
19304,Canadian Woman DESTROYS Liberal Prime Minister Trudeau Over Socialist Carbon-Tax Policy: “How is it justified for you to ask me to pay a CARBON TAX when I only have $65 left of my paycheck every 2 weeks to feed my family?” [VIDEO]," I m making almost $50,000 per year and I m living in energy poverty! WATCH: Sobbing woman confronts Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau over the cost of her hydro bill #cdnpoli pic.twitter.com/MPAc7v6noI  Globalnews.ca (@globalnews) January 13, 2017Prime Minister Justin Trudeau issued an ultimatum to the provinces in October 2016, announcing his government s plan to set a minimum carbon tax even as environment ministers were meeting in Montreal to discuss options for carbon pricing.Several provinces and territories reacted angrily   three environment ministers walked out of the federal-provincial climate talks   after Mr. Trudeau s unilateral announcement in the House of Commons. Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall said the decision is a  betrayal  of the co-operative approach the Prime Minister had promised and that the tax would devastate his province s economy.The self-described  feminist  leader of Canada however seems hell-bent on pushing his radical agenda on his citizens. Kudos to this brave woman for speaking out against him ",0
19305,TRUMP PUT JENNIFER HUDSON And Relatives Up Rent-Free In Trump Towers After Her Family Was Murdered…So Why Isn’t She Performing At His Inauguration?,"In 2008, Jennifer Hudson the  Dream Girls  star and Grammy Award winning 34-year-old singer lost her mother, her brother, and her nephew after her sister s estranged husband shot them in a brutal murder   a topic she rarely talks about now, except in a healing light. She s a great girl. And we re protecting them well,  Trump told PEOPLE at a benefit honoring Australia director Baz Luhrman at the Museum of Modern Art Monday night.  They are very safe. PeopleIn 2008, Hudson performed  Let s Stay Together  for Barack and Michelle Obama during Obama s inauguration ball. It s not clear if Obama and Michelle did anything to help her after her family was murdered.Two days ago, another  Dream Girls  star, Broadway sensation Jennifer Holliday, who had previously committed to performing at Trump s inauguration, backed out over bullying and threats she received from the Left.Ms. Holliday said she was asked on Wednesday if she would sing at the concert scheduled for Jan. 19, and she agreed, seeing the request as similar to those she received to sing at the White House during past Republican and Democratic presidencies.  I just thought of the history part of it, and about singing on the mall where Marian Anderson paved the way for me to sing as a black American,  she said, referring to a 1939 concert that Ms. Anderson, a popular singer, performed from the Lincoln Memorial after being denied permission to sing at Constitution Hall because she was black.Ms. Holliday said she had been startled and disheartened on Friday by the venom that greeted the news of her participation. It brought a lot of threats from people already saying I ll never work again,  she said.  If that s what America has come to, where we all hate and bully people, there s no more freedom of speech. She added,  I know everybody hates me now, but that shows we are all just hateful people now   we don t even want to work together. Ms. Holliday said she did not see herself, or her singing, as political, a sentiment echoed by Jackie Evancho, the 16-year-old classical-crossover singer who will perform the national anthem at Mr. Trump s inauguration on Jan. 20. I just kind of thought that this is for my country,  Ms. Evancho said.  So if people are going to hate on me it s for the wrong reason. Ms. Holliday said her goal is to support America:  Are we saying that if there is anything that could be done for America in four or eight years or however long Trump is there, we re not supposed to participate or help anybody?  she asked.  Shouldn t we all be praying for the success of America? I would like to sing some hope and have my voice not be associated with some kind of label, but I guess that s where we are now.   NYT s ",0
19306,BREAKING: BLIND OPERA SINGER Gets DEATH Threats From Left…Forced To Back Out Of Performance At Trump Inauguration [Video],"Opera star Andrea Bocelli backed out of singing at Donald Trump s inauguration after receiving death threats, The Mail on Sunday has learnt.The revelation came as another singer   Broadway legend Jennifer Holliday   last night pulled out of the President-elect s festivities after being threatened and branded an  Uncle Tom : They were calling me coon, calling me house n***er, calling me Aunt Jemima, calling me all kinds of names and asking me to kill myself,  the Grammy and Tony-winning singer told MSNBC s Joy Reid on this morning s AM Joy.  And that was from the black community. I wanted to sing on the mall for America    Jennifer HollidayWhen blind tenor Bocelli announced he would not sing at this Friday s celebration, it was widely reported it was because fans had said they would boycott his concerts and records.But a source said the 58-year-old had been determined to  press ahead  and sing but had pulled out on the advice of his security team after receiving threats to his life.A source close to Bocelli, a friend of Trump s, said:  Andrea is very sad to be missing the chance to sing at such a huge global event but he has been advised it is simply not worth the risk. PERHAPS THE LEFT SHOULD LISTEN TO THIS SONG:READ MORE: DAILY MAIL",0
19307,"BOOM! LEADERS Of 34,000 Black Churches Tell Members To Turn Backs On Race-Baiter-For-Hire Al Sharpton’s D.C. March Against Trump","Skip Al Sharpton s March on Washington on Saturday, the president of the National Black Church Initiative told members of the network s 34,000 churches Friday afternoon.NBCI s statement, released a day before Sharpton s march, slammed the Rev. for squandering his  carte blanche access  to the Obama White House, claiming that he  blew an opportunity to secure critical issues that affect the African American community.  Instead of pursuing meaningful changes,  Al Sharpton and his liberal friends took the time to get rich,  the news release says.On Saturday morning, NBCI s president, Rev. Anthony Evans, explained his opposition to Sharpton s march in an interview with Heat Street. They re asking our churches to march when they ve had all the power for the past eight years? We re not doing that. That s poppycock.   We re holding Sharpton accountable. We re not participating in Sharpton s speech. We have created our own agenda,  Evans said.In the past, NBCI has said that the Democratic Party has not met the needs of its black constituents, slamming both Sharpton and the National Black Caucus. It has also been highly critical Donald Trump, whom NBCI has called  the biggest racist since Bull Connor. Sources interviewed by Heat Street varied in their assessment of NBCI s political influence. Evans said the group s 34,000 affiliate churches together have 15.7 million members, spanning 15 denominations.NBCI s takedown of Sharpton comes as he has struggled to draw a crowd to his March on Washington on Saturday.A source at Sharpton s march estimated that 2,000, at most, were there as of noon, adding that the drizzly, chilly weather may be suppressing turnout. Another source put that number below 1,000. CPSAN is live-streaming the event, and its footage shows a sparse-looking crowd.Speaking at the March, Sharpton tried to ward off criticism about the low turnout.  They re going to lie tomorrow and say wasn t but 200 of us, but look at this crowd in the rain,  Sharpton said at around 12:17 p.m., addressing attendees.For entire story: Heat Street",0
19308,LOL! TRUMP Responds To RACE-OBSESSED Congressman Lewis After Calling Him An “Illegitimate President”…MEDIA ATTACKS “Loathsome” Trump [VIDEO],"Donald Trump has been hit with celebrity backlash after he tore into civil rights legend John Lewis for questioning the legitimacy of the billionaire s White House victory.Watch racist Congressman Lewis tell liberal hacktivist host of Meet The Press that he,  doesn t believe Trump is a legitimate President. :The president-elect s remarks have intensified a feud with the black congressman just days before the national holiday honoring Martin Luther King Jr and as the first African-American president prepares to leave office.Hundreds of people, including many celebrities, politicians and reporters, have come out to denounce Trump s attack   branding him loathsome for attacking the civil rights hero.Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 14, 2017mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk   no action or results. Sad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 14, 2017Trump continues to use Twitter to attack his adversaries, just as he did throughout the campaign, and Georgia s Democratic party took special offense to these tweets about Representative Lewis. In a statement, the party said:  Donald Trump s loathsome remarks on Congressman Lewis and the 5th District not only illustrate the President-elect s classlessness   it further proves that Trump may be the most uneducated students of history to occupy the oval office.   DM Even leftist Geraldo Rivera said he was  disappointed  with the comments of Congressman John Lewis:",0
19309,HYPOCRISY ON STEROIDS: Check Out HATEFUL Trump Bullies In Anti- Bullying Ad For Kids [VIDEO],"Lady Gaga, who protested in front of Trump Towers against Trump s election and mocked Melania Trump for wanting to work on the prevention of bullying in schools, says it s important to have  tolerance  for others in the video below: Comedian  Kathy Griffin goes on expletive rant. We re not sure how many times she tells Trump to,  F*ck off,  but it s quite a few. We re pretty sure her outrageous behavior based on her abject hate for Donald Trump would be considered  bullying  by teachers and parents alike. But then again, Hollywood celebrities and those on the Left are experts at telling us and our children how to behave. Rules and socially acceptable behavior just don t apply to them.Watch full-fledged bully Kathy Griffin s embarrassing anti-Trump,  F*ck You  rant:(WARNING*** Vile language***)In a much less offensive tweet, Adam Levine had this to say about Donald Trump on Twitter (you know social media, where the celebrities in the anti-bully video warn kids are bullied).Donald Trump is one slip into a vat of toxic waste away from becoming an ACTUAL comic book super villain.  Adam Levine (@adamlevine) November 8, 2012Here s Cher calling Trump a  F*cking idiot  and  Hitler  in front of a crowd of Hillary supporters. Remember, she s a role model for kids of how not to bully other people right?",0
19310,MEDIA ATTACKS TAYLOR SWIFT Over Refusal To Criticize President-Elect Trump,"Tom Barnes mocks Taylor Swift in his latest article, as he writes:  One Instagram is the only evidence we have that Nashville elite Taylor Swift even knew there was an election taking place in 2016. Today is the day,  she wrote on Election Day.  Go out and VOTE. Today is the day. Go out and VOTE  A photo posted by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift) on Nov 8, 2016 at 8:01am PSTSo thirsty was the public for hints of Swift s political affiliations, that even an innocent picture of a voting line, stirred up a frenzy.  Who is Taylor Swift voting for?  skyrocketed in search queries, proving at the end of the cycle to have been one of the most popular search terms of the entire election.Fans read deeply into the symbolism of Swift s outfit and posture. Others took it as an opportunity to try to bait her into the political arena, pointing out her hypocrisy of having once styled herself as an outspoken feminist, only to back down at this most crucial moment. Admittedly some of those commentators had a point. It s difficult to look away from the fact that one of the most staunchly anti-woman candidates gallivanted into Washington followed by scores sexual assault accusations in tow, and Swift just watched.It is wrong to exploit feminism in order to sell records but then stand idly by as a misogynist ravages the country. Just FYI  Casey Mink (@Casey_Mink) November 8, 2016Swift remains to this day one of the only major A-list celebrities who has not weighed in on the election. Lady Gaga comforted fans distraught by Trump s successful attempts to reduce rape culture to  locker talk.  Kesha, Madonna, Beyonc , Nicki Minaj and Adele all connected with their fan bases to explain why Hillary Clinton offered the best way forward. Katy Perry literally did not stop singing and speaking for Clinton for the entirety of 2016. In a Time op-ed alongside a handful of clickier stunts, Swift bestie Lena Dunham said her support for Clinton was about far more than just  anatomy  or  girl power  Scores of artists have outright shamed the presidential inauguration committee for even asking to perform.Given her election silence, Swift has undoubtedly been approached, but her team has yet to offer a comment.A carefully chosen word of warning about the effect a successful Trump bid on normalizing misogyny or discrimination would have made for a natural extension of Swift s past desires to increase the level of public discourse around feminism. One could say the election is just another  narrative  she  never asked to be a part of,  and they would be correct. But if you re Swift, why not speak up? For every time she made sure that the word  feminism  was as close to her name in headlines, it feels odd she would pass on a lay-up as easy as helping clarify what  locker room talk  actually means. A close look at the fans she needs to please helps explain the silence. She caters to a white audience that used to be country and then crossed over into pop,  Ani Johnson, associate professor of Music Business at Berklee College of Music and international lecturer and consultant in music licensing, marketing and strategic startups, said in an email.  She has to  stay sweet,   stay demure    the perfect picture of the blond, blue-eyed, true blue, young American girl. She can t afford to speak up and lose sales from her red state, Republican base. It s clear to Johnson what that base wants:  a pretty girl who sings about love and has  effectively  nothing in her head.   Music.MicMeryl Streep s acceptance speech at the Golden Globes Award ceremony really backfired on her when conservatives in social media, and even some on the Left, were taken aback by her petulant attack on our President-elect Donald Trump.  Streep really gave her viewers an opportunity to see her mean, bully streak when she stood on the stage, and without any credible evidence to back it up, accused Trump of being a racist and demeaning a disabled reporter. Both of those claims are false, but who the hell needs facts when you re an Academy Award winning actress and can PRETEND they re true?The Left s obsession didn t start with Meryl Streep. As a matter of fact, some of the worst activists who mocked, lied and falsely accused Donald Trump of horrible things, were some of Taylor Swift s best friends.Hillary Clinton sycophant Lena Dunham, who admitted to sexually abusing her younger sister and lied to the world about being raped, likes to call Taylor Swift her  best friend.  She also promised to leave the country if Trump was elected. Unfortunately, she s still here. Her promise to leave the country was as honest as her manufactured claims about Donald Trump being a misogynist.Donald Trump hit back when Lena Dunham (along with a long list of  celebrities ) said she d leave the US if Trump won the election:Gigi Hadid can be seen frequently hanging out with Taylor Swift on Instagram and in the tabloids. Here s one of Swift s many photos with Hadid on her Instagram account:A photo posted by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift) on Apr 29, 2016 at 1:25am PDTKudos to Taylor Swift for sticking to performing, and staying out of the fray when it comes to President-elect Trump; even when it means she will be harshly criticized by the people in her business for not jumping on the  Hate-Trump  bandwagon. It can t be easy to keep out of discussion when the very people she calls her  besties  are some of the loudest anti-Trumpers in the business.",0
19311,"CONSERVATIVE Women DESTROY Crybaby, Safe Space Feminists Over Women’s March Against Trump’s Inauguration…And It’s HILARIOUS!","Anyone who is sick and tired of social justice warriors using the  feminist  movement to push every leftist agenda known to modern man will definitely enjoy reading these:https://twitter.com/peddoc63/status/820284848925511682Go nuts! Don't take accountability. Instead, simply blame all of your failures and mistakes on straight white males. #RulesForWomensMarch  Brittany Pettibone (@BrittPettibone) January 14, 2017It wouldn t be a proper feminist march against Trump without has been celebrities like Rosie and Madonna:#RulesForWomensMarch I would be wonderful if you continued your march all the way to Canada..Make sure Rosie is leading your pack #MAGA  TRM (@trm10trm) January 14, 2017Loudly announce your support of slaughtering offspring in utero while screaming about gun control.  #RulesForWomensMarch  Leah the Boss (@LeahRBoss) January 14, 2017#RulesForWomensMarchWhile marching for the protection of your daughters make sure to avoid topics like Chicago, Uranium One, Bill Clinton  Star (@starmlw) January 14, 2017Be insanely critical of any man you come into contact with. Unless he's dressed as a woman and peeing beside you. #RulesForWomensMarch  Leah the Boss (@LeahRBoss) January 14, 2017#RulesForWomensMarchNo speaking out of turn. From any body part. pic.twitter.com/uBNdOtSefY  Lizzy Lou Who  (@_wintergirl93) January 14, 2017https://twitter.com/andieiamwhoiam/status/820143718011465728#RulesForWomensMarch Real women don't need/have time for a 'march' we're too busy raising our children and working    RealFeminist2.0 (@els1023) January 14, 2017Since you wanna keep the govt out of your uterus let's keep govt money out of it too.. BYOB..Buy Your Own Birth-Control #RulesForWomensMarch   LiLBitOfSass  (@xmssweetnessx) January 14, 2017#RulesForWomensMarch be hypocritical when you cry about rape but don't believe in a woman's right to carry a gun to prevent rape.  ChristinaBistes (@PlainUnamerican) January 14, 2017#RulesForWomensMarchBe sure to swoon over the elitist celebrities that haven't contributed a dime to women/child causes but expect you to  Star (@starmlw) January 14, 2017Remember to respect the 53% of fabulous white women who voted Trump. #MAGA #RulesForWomensMarch  StupidKant (@stupid_kant) January 14, 2017Body positive marchers must bring a doctor s note to clear them for physical activity. No exceptions. #RulesForWomensMarch  Liars Never Win (@liars_never_win) January 14, 2017Pick up your George Soros pay, but only 80% of what the men marchers make, after the march, not before. #RulesForWomensMarch  Paulsy (@Paulsy01) January 14, 2017Please don t look the celebrities in the eyes without prior permission #RulesForWomensMarch  Liars Never Win (@liars_never_win) January 14, 2017#RulesForWomensMarch1 Burn Trump effigies 2 exibit hormonal rage3 Forget to blame 6 mil Obama Dems who stayed home instead of voting HRC  Surfin with the Dude (@petite_lk_dude) January 14, 2017Showers are not provided or encouraged #RulesForWomensMarch  Liars Never Win (@liars_never_win) January 14, 2017",0
19312,"TRASHY, AGING Pop-Star Madonna Uses Picture Of Pubic Hair To Recruit Females For Anti-Trump Inauguration March","Madonna took to Instagram late Thursday to promote an upcoming anti-Donald Trump protest march   by sharing a photo of a woman with shoe company Nike s  Just Do It  logo apparently shaved into her public hair. Yasssssssss! Just Do it! @nakid_magazine,  Madonna wrote, adding,  1 Million Women s March!! Be There!! Washington D.C. Jan. 21.  Yasssssssss! Just Do it! @nakid_magazine   1 Million Women's March!! Be There!! Washington D.C. Jan. 21.   photo by Marius SperlichA post shared by Madonna (@madonna) on Jan 12, 2017 at 2:02pm PSTAs Breitbart News previously reported, thousands of women are expected to travel to the nation s capital for the Women s March on Washington to protest President-elect Donald Trump s inauguration.The organization said it wants the event to  send a bold message to our new administration on their first day in office, and to the world that women s rights are human rights. Earlier this week, singers Katy Perry and Cher and actresses Scarlett Johansson, Zendaya, Debra Messing, and Julianne Moore were announced as being expected to participate in the January 21 event.The 58-year-old Rebel Heart singer spent months slamming Trump s campaign, while drumming up support for Hillary Clinton. In October, Madonna famously offered oral sex to anyone who voted for the former Democratic nominee.Last month, Madonna admitted that Trump s election left her  devastated. For entire story: Breitbart",0
19313,"WOW! Christian Author Gives UNEXPECTED And BRILLIANT Answer To Muslim Law Student Who Claims She’s Worried, “We Portray Islam And All Muslims As Bad” [VIDEO]","Brigitte Gabriel was born in the Marjeyoun District of Lebanon to a Maronite Christian couple, a first and only child after over twenty years of marriage. She recalls that during the Lebanese Civil War, Islamic militants launched an assault on a Lebanese military base near her family s house and destroyed her home. Gabriel, who was ten years old at the time, was injured by shrapnel in the attack. She says that she and her parents were forced to live underground in all that remained, an 8-by-10-foot (2.4 by 3.0 m) bomb shelter for seven years, with only a small kerosene heater, no sanitary systems, no electricity or running water, and little food. She says she had to crawl in a roadside ditch to a spring for water to evade Muslim snipers.According to Gabriel, at one point in the spring of 1978, a bomb explosion caused her and her parents to become trapped in the shelter for two days.They were eventually rescued by three Christian militia fighters.Brigitte Gabriel is now an American citizen, author, founder of ACT and a conservative lecturer. Gabriel attended a Benghazi Accountability Coalition forum that was supposed to be about Benghazi and how our government should be held responsible for their actions that led to the deaths of four Americans, but things took a dramatic turn when a Saba Ahmed, a Muslim law student in an America university stood up to defend the  majority of followers of Islam.  She told the panel,  We portray Islam and all Muslims as bad, but there are 1.8 billion followers of Islam. We have 8 million plus Muslim Americans in this country and I don t see them represented here.  Gabriel answered her question from a historical perspective and knocked it out of the park! She gave an answer that Ahmed, who it turns out, is a Islamic activist who was also very active in Democratic politics at the time this event took place.Watch:",0
19314,OOPS! UKRAINE Caught Colluding With Democrats To Help Hillary Win Election…President Poroshenko Scrambling To Repair Damage With Trump,"Donald Trump wasn t the only presidential candidate whose campaign was boosted by officials of a former Soviet bloc country.Ukrainian government officials tried to help Hillary Clinton and undermine Trump by publicly questioning his fitness for office. They also disseminated documents implicating a top Trump aide in corruption and suggested they were investigating the matter, only to back away after the election. And they helped Clinton s allies research damaging information on Trump and his advisers, a Politico investigation found.A Ukrainian-American operative who was consulting for the Democratic National Committee met with top officials in the Ukrainian Embassy in Washington in an effort to expose ties between Trump, top campaign aide Paul Manafort and Russia, according to people with direct knowledge of the situation.The Ukrainian efforts had an impact in the race, helping to force Manafort s resignation and advancing the narrative that Trump s campaign was deeply connected to Ukraine s foe to the east, Russia. But they were far less concerted or centrally directed than Russia s alleged hacking and dissemination of Democratic emails.The Ukrainian antipathy for Trump s team   and alignment with Clinton s   can be traced back to late 2013. That s when the country s president, Viktor Yanukovych, whom Manafort had been advising, abruptly backed out of a European Union pact linked to anti-corruption reforms. Instead, Yanukovych entered into a multibillion-dollar bailout agreement with Russia, sparking protests across Ukraine and prompting Yanukovych to flee the country to Russia under Putin s protection.In the ensuing crisis, Russian troops moved into the Ukrainian territory of Crimea, and Manafort dropped off the radar.Manafort s work for Yanukovych caught the attention of a veteran Democratic operative named Alexandra Chalupa, who had worked in the White House Office of Public Liaison during the Clinton administration. Chalupa went on to work as a staffer, then as a consultant, for Democratic National Committee. The DNC paid her $412,000 from 2004 to June 2016, according to Federal Election Commission records, though she also was paid by other clients during that time, including Democratic campaigns and the DNC s arm for engaging expatriate Democrats around the world.A daughter of Ukrainian immigrants who maintains strong ties to the Ukrainian-American diaspora and the U.S. Embassy in Ukraine, Chalupa, a lawyer by training, in 2014 was doing pro bono work for another client interested in the Ukrainian crisis and began researching Manafort s role in Yanukovych s rise, as well as his ties to the pro-Russian oligarchs who funded Yanukovych s political party.In an interview this month, Chalupa told Politico she had developed a network of sources in Kiev and Washington, including investigative journalists, government officials and private intelligence operatives. While her consulting work at the DNC this past election cycle centered on mobilizing ethnic communities   including Ukrainian-Americans   she said that, when Trump s unlikely presidential campaign began surging in late 2015, she began focusing more on the research, and expanded it to include Trump s ties to Russia, as well.She occasionally shared her findings with officials from the DNC and Clinton s campaign, Chalupa said. In January 2016   months before Manafort had taken any role in Trump s campaign   Chalupa told a senior DNC official that, when it came to Trump s campaign,  I felt there was a Russia connection,  Chalupa recalled.  And that, if there was, that we can expect Paul Manafort to be involved in this election,  said Chalupa, who at the time also was warning leaders in the Ukrainian-American community that Manafort was  Putin s political brain for manipulating U.S. foreign policy and elections.   POLITICONow Ukraine President Poroshenko is scrambling to repair the damage:Russia s meddling has sparked outrage from the American body politic. The U.S. intelligence community undertook the rare move of publicizing its findings on the matter, and President Barack Obama took several steps to officially retaliate, while members of Congress continue pushing for more investigations into the hacking and a harder line against Russia, which was already viewed in Washington as America s leading foreign adversary.Ukraine, on the other hand, has traditionally enjoyed strong relations with U.S. administrations. Its officials worry that could change under Trump, whose team has privately expressed sentiments ranging from ambivalence to deep skepticism about Poroshenko s regime, while sounding unusually friendly notes about Putin s regime.Poroshenko is scrambling to alter that dynamic, recently signing a $50,000-a-month contract with a well-connected GOP-linked Washington lobbying firm to set up meetings with U.S. government officials  to strengthen U.S.-Ukrainian relations. Revelations about Ukraine s anti-Trump efforts could further set back those efforts. Things seem to be going from bad to worse for Ukraine,  said David A. Merkel, a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council who helped oversee U.S. relations with Russia and Ukraine while working in George W. Bush s State Department and National Security Council.Merkel, who has served as an election observer in Ukrainian presidential elections dating back to 1993, noted there s some irony in Ukraine and Russia taking opposite sides in the 2016 presidential race, given that past Ukrainian elections were widely viewed in Washington s foreign policy community as proxy wars between the U.S. and Russia. Now, it seems that a U.S. election may have been seen as a surrogate battle by those in Kiev and Moscow,  Merkel said. Politico",0
19315,DRAIN OBAMA’S RADICAL SWAMP! Rep Chaffetz Calls Out OBAMA APPOINTED Fed Gov Ethics Director Over UNETHICAL Public Criticisms Of Trump,"IT S TIME TO DRAIN OBAMA S SWAMP! Rep. Jason Chaffetz, the head of the House Oversight Committee, criticized the director of the federal Office of Government Ethics on Thursday over his criticism of Donald Trump s plan to address conflicts of interest. And he threatened to subpoena the official, Walter Shaub, if he refuses to participate in an official interview. He seems to be acting prematurely at best, without doing investigations or thorough looks,  Chaffetz said in an interview.  He s rendering opinions publicly that really cause you to scratch your head. We need the Office of Government Ethics to act ethically. Ironically, that s not what they re doing. Shaub, an appointee of President Barack Obama, has been a frequent critics of the incoming administration s ethics plans, peaking Wednesday when he called Trump s newly unveiled conflicts of interest policy  meaningless. The public rebuke of Trump s business arrangements came during a press conference at the Brookings Institution that included the outspoken former White House ethics lawyers for Obama and former President George W. Bush. In his remarks, Shaub said the president-elect  stepping back from running his positions is meaningless from a conflict of interest perspective. The plan does not comport with the tradition of our presidents over the last 40 years,  he added.Chaffetz said Shaub has refused since the election to agree to a meeting to discuss matters related to OGE s public remarks about Trump, as well as the Republican-led panel s plans to pass language reauthorizing the office. If Shaub continues to resist, Chaffetz said he d issue a subpoena  if we have to. He is coming in. This is not going to be an optional exercise,  Chaffetz said, adding that he expected a meeting within a few weeks.Shaub s 5-year term expires in January 2018. We need a fair person behind the plate that s going to call balls and strikes,  Chaffetz said.  What they re supposed to do is help work with somebody to comply with the ethics requirements. But when you talk publicly about private conversations, that s not ethical. And when you refuse to come in and talk to the committee when you re doing reauthorization, when you start tweeting and issuing press statements on things you never looked at, that shouldn t be the case at all. This isn t Chaffetz s first time challenging Shaub. In late 2015, the Republican accused the Obama appointee of giving Hillary Clinton a pass on conflict-of-interest laws over speaking fees she and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, were supposed to disclose. But Chaffetz said he s grown more frustrated with Shaub since the November election and also singled out the OGE s use of its official Twitter account to issue a bizarre series of posts   in Trump s own staccato style   congratulating the president-elect for making major changes to his business arrangements.For entire story: POLITICO ",0
19316,"LEFTIST FREAKS OPENLY CALL For Non-Peaceful Inauguration Actions: “We Are Not In Favor Of A Peaceful Transition Of Power…After The Election, You Saw This Great Spontaneous Upsurge In Spontaneous Anger In The Streets” [VIDEO]", ,0
19317,“BIKERS FOR TRUMP” Vow To Defend Trump During Inauguration Day…Plan Celebration! [Video], ,0
19318,MUST WATCH VIDEO: HERE’S WHY “DEEP STATE” Is At War With Trump As Democrats Cheer [Video],"One of our biggest concerns is that so many Americans don t realize the magnitude of just how much our nation is in deep trouble. With the election of Trump, the  shadowy foes  have been coming out and showing themselves to attack Trump. Glenn Greenwald does a great job of explaining what s going on:Co-founding editor of The Intercept says opponents have used the media in open warfare against the President-elect, and the CIA wanted Hillary Clinton to win the presidency:Look no further than Buzzfeed to see what he s talking about:BUZZFEED S EDITOR-IN-CHIEF Attempts Lame Explanation Of Why He Published Fake News On Trump:  This was absolutely the right thing to do  [Video]GREENWALD:The Deep State Goes to War with President-Elect, Using Unverified Claims, as Democrats Cheer:This is the faction that is now engaged in open warfare against the duly elected and already widely disliked president-elect, Donald Trump. They are using classic Cold War dirty tactics and the defining ingredients of what has until recently been denounced as  Fake News. Their most valuable instrument is the U.S. media, much of which reflexively reveres, serves, believes, and sides with hidden intelligence officials. And Democrats, still reeling from their unexpected and traumatic election loss as well as a systemic collapse of their party, seemingly divorced further and further from reason with each passing day, are willing   eager   to embrace any claim, cheer any tactic, align with any villain, regardless of how unsupported, tawdry and damaging those behaviors might be READ MORE: THE INTERCEPT",0
19319,"IS OBAMA PUNISHING Fiat-Chrysler For 2,000 US Jobs, $1 Billion US Investment Announcement? Fiat-Chrysler CEO Says EPA Allegations Are ‘Absolute Nonsense’ [VIDEO]","We don t know whether the charges against Fiat Chrysler by Obama s EPA are accurate or not. One thing we do know however, is that much like the announcement today that Obama s DOJ will be going after FBI Director James Comey,  the timing of this announcement by Obama s EPA is certainly suspicious. Only 4 days ago Fiat Chrysler US confirmed the next phase of its industrialization plan by announcing a total $1 billion investment in plants in Michigan and Ohio, and the addition of 2,000 new American jobs. Consistent and combined with previously announced investments, FCA US is further demonstrating its commitment to strengthening its U.S. manufacturing base, and aligning U.S. capacity to extend the Jeep  product lineup. In total, FCA US has committed investments of more than $9.6 billion in its U.S. manufacturing facilities and created 25,000 new jobs to date since 2009.Many were giving Trump credit for creating a more business, and specifically manufacturing friendly environment that seems to be created a tsunami of good news in the way of US manufacturing. The only down side, is that it s shining a pretty big spotlight on the failures of our current over-regulating, punitive administration that has made it almost if not entirely impossible to compete with other countries to manufacture here, in the US. With all the egg Obama and his regime seem to be getting on their faces over the past couple of months, is it really all that surprising that the EPA would make an announcement that would harm Fiat-Chrysler sales and their reputation on the way out the door? Detroit CBSlocal   Fiat Chrysler is denying government charges that some of its diesel vehicles violate federal clean air standards.CEO of Fiat Chrysler Sergio Marchionne saying the allegations are a surprise to him   calling it  absolute nonsense,  reports WWJ AutoBeat Reporter Jeff Gilbert. There was never any intent   of creating conditions that were designed to defeat the testing process,  he says.The comparison to the issues VW is facing regarding deceptive emissions testing is one Marchionne refuses to make.  Anyone who draws a parallel between us and VW   is smoking illegal material. The way in which it has been described I think is unfair to us and that s the thing that bothers me most. The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act.EPA Assistant Administrator Cynthia Giles saying emissions software on those vehicles were not disclosed.  Those software elements   not being disclosed in Fiat Chrysler s required application for certification means that the vehicles were sold illegally. The Environmental Protection Agency said Thursday it had issued a  notice of violation  to the company that covers about 104,000 vehicles including the 2014 through 2016 Jeep Grand Cherokee and Ram pickups, all with 3-liter diesel engines. The California Air Resources Board took similar action.Fiat Chrysler said in a statement that its emissions control systems  meet the applicable requirements. The company said it was disappointed with the EPA s action and intends to work with the incoming Trump administration to present its case. Fiat Chrysler said it spent months giving information to the EPA to explain its emissions technology and proposed a number of actions including software changes to address the agency s concerns.Fiat Chrysler s shares fell more than 16 percent after the news was announced to $9.29.If the company is found guilty of this charge they could face huge penalties.Marchionne says the company will work with the new administration to show they are compliant with all EPA standardsBut of course Like a puppy that s been left home alone to run around the home all day, someone s gonna have a lot of cleaning up to do once the Chicago contingent moves out of DC ",0
19320,HERE’S WHY L.L. BEAN Is Being Boycotted By The Loony Lefties And What YOU Can Do About It!,"President-elect Donald Trump came to the defense of L.L. Bean Inc. on Thursday after a group called for the boycott of the outdoor clothing maker because a granddaughter of the founder supported his campaign for president. Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage,  Mr. Trump tweeted.  People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean. Ms. Bean, who is a member of L.L. Bean s board of directors, donated $60,000 to Making America Great Again LLC, a political-action committee created to support Mr. Trump s candidacy, according to website Open Secrets. That contribution appeared to exceed the $5,000 annual limit for individual contributions, opening up the PAC to possible punitive action, according to Federal Election Commission filings. The PAC has responded to the FEC that it is a super PAC that can raise unlimited amounts.Grab Your Wallet, the group behind the boycott, has a list of dozens companies that it is calling on consumers to shun for their support of the president-elect, including retailers who sell Trump-related products. L.L. Bean is one of about 30 companies listed on the group s website. It s certainly a testament to the strength and influence of the #GrabYourWallet movement that certain powerful people who disagree now feel compelled to tweet advertisements for the companies being boycotted,  Shannon Coulter, co-founder of the group, said in an email.In a Facebook post on Sunday, Shawn Gorman, L.L. Bean s chairman and a great-grandson of the company s founder, said Ms. Bean was one of 50-plus family members involved with the company, who  hold views and embrace causes across the political spectrum, just as our employees and customers do. Mr. Gorman added that no individual speaks for the company and that L.L. Bean, which is based in Freeport, Maine, doesn t endorse political candidates, take positions on political matters, or make political contributions.Ms. Bean, who was a Republican candidate for the U.S. House of Representatives in 1988 and 1992, told Fox News on Thursday that she had no intention of backing down.  They re bullies,  she said.  Trying to control what we do, what we buy in Maine.  She is the granddaughter of Leon Leonwood Bean, who founded the company in 1912.Read more: WSJ",0
19321,NICOLE KIDMAN BREAKS RANKS With Hollywood Leftists…Speaks Out In Support Of Trump’s Presidency [VIDEO],"She s travelling the world to promote her new Australian film, which tells the tale of an Indian boy adopted by Tasmanian parents.But Nicole Kidman found herself facing questions about the President-elect of the United States this week.During an interview with the BBC, the Oscar winner told journalist Victoria Derbyshire that Americans needed to support Donald Trump once he s in office.In the closing stages of an interview in which she had spoken at length about her new film Lion, the Oscar-winner was asked what she thought of Trump.Nicole, who has dual US and Australian citizenship, called on Americans to set aside the controversy surrounding the election and support the President-elect.- Daily Mail ",0
19322,RADICAL ERIC HOLDER STIRS THE POT…Claims Republicans Won Election By “Rigging The System” [Video], ,0
19323,Was A Washington Post Reporter Caught Snapping Photos Of Tillerson’s Notes During Confirmation Hearings Break? [VIDEO] UPDATE: WaPo Reporter Finally Says It’s Not Her,"Doris Truong is a reporter for the hard left-leaning Washington [Com]Post where they only have the highest regard for journalistic integrity right? Well maybe not so much.During a break in the confirmation hearings for Rex Tillerson, Trump s choice for Secretary of State, a reporter (who many on Twitter are claiming is Doris Truong, the homepage editor for the Washington Post) was caught on camera snapping photos of the notes left on the table where Tillerson sat.UPDATE: Doris Truong has published a piece on the Washington Post where she claims the woman in the video is NOT her. From her piece: I work as a homepage editor at The Washington Post. Because Wednesday was my day off, I hadn t been online much. But before I went to bed, I noticed a message request on Facebook. Someone I didn t know asked:  Any comment on you taking photos of Rex Tillerson s notes?  When I checked Twitter, I had to scroll for several minutes to figure out what was going on. It seemed to start with this post:  Who is this woman and why is she secretly snapping photos of Rex Tillerson s notes? We d love to know who this woman is. If you have any idea who this woman is, or who the man is that can be seen talking to her in the video, we d love to hear from you. Please send us an email: onehundredpercentfedup@gmail.comFrom the Gateway Pundit:The Washington Post says the reporter is not Doris Truong, their homepage editor.It is not clear at this point who the reporter was but she was friendly with the men in the video.Please email us if you recognize the woman.Truong, who is being hammered on Twitter over claims that she took pictures of Tillerson s notes has not disputed the claims on her Twitter account, even though she is getting hammered by Twitter users over this video. We also scanned the Washington Post s website to see if there was any mention of the video and the potentially false claim that the woman caught on camera does not work for them. We couldn t find anything on their website about the incident or a story refuting their reporter s involvement.https://twitter.com/Truth_Bombers/status/819404616366522368Some were saying the woman in the video was actually Lisa Song, a reporter for Inside Climate News. Lisa Song has flatly denied this allegation on her Twitter account (which is more than Truong has done to date).Hey twitter trolls, not all Asians look alike. I was nowhere near DC yesterday. Was in Boston/Cambridge, not even covering Tillerson. https://t.co/IG3lWkReut  Lisa Song (@lisalsong) January 12, 2017We asked Washington Post reporter Doris Truong if she is the woman in the video on Twitter:@DorisTruong Are you the woman in this video snapping photos of Tillerson's notes during confirmation hearings break https://t.co/CvmRsJo09i  100% FED UP! (@100PercFEDUP) January 12, 2017We ll wait for her reply, and hope to have an update soon ",0
19324,BOOM! SENATE PASSES Obamacare Repeal Resolution In ALMOST Unanimous GOP Vote…One Former GOP Presidential Candidate Whispered “No”,"The Senate is already rolling back President Barack Obama s legacy.Here is Trump only days before the election promising the Republicans will repeal and replace Obamacare:It passed the continuing resolution, S. Con.Res. 3, that tears away the fees, taxes and subsidies from the 201o Patient Protection and Affordable Cart Act, Obamacare, shortly after 1:25 Thursday morning, 51-to-48.All Republicans, except for Sen. Rand Paul (R.-KY), voted for the resolution. Paul criticized the budget resolution for not addressing the federal debt and for not having a companion replacement bill. Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D.-CA), who is recovering from a scheduled medical procedure was absent from the chamber.As senators waited for their names to be called by the clerk, Paul approached the clerk s desk from side and whispered:  No. All Democrats and the two Independents who caucus with Democrats voted against the resolution.Soon after they voted, virtually all Republicans left the floor. Among the handful staying behind were Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R.-KY) and Majority Whip John Cornyn (R.-Texas), along with Sen. John R. Thune (R.-S.D.), Sen. Roy Blunt (R.-MO) in the front. McConnell sat quietly at his desk, but Cornyn stood tall in the well watching the votes come in.All of the Democrats did not respond with their names were called off and they sat glumly with their armed crossed or their chins resting on their hand. When the Republicans were done, led by Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D.-N.Y.), each Democrat attempted to make remarks with their vote.Even though Obamacare has become wildly unpopular with pretty much everyone in America, Senator Schumer joined other Democrats like Socialist Bernie Sanders to voice their objections to repealing the government mandated insurance program:For the tens of millions of Americans who will lose their healthcare if the ACA is repealed, I vote no. #MakeAmericaSickAgain  Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) January 12, 2017The presiding officer, Sen. Cory Gardner (R.-CO) repeatedly ruled the Democrats out of order:  Debate is not in order during a vote. If Gardner was slow to start rapping the palm-held ivory gavel, Cornyn would say in a stern voice:  Point of order. Breitbart",0
19325,EMBARRASSING!…Obama’s Farewell Speech: “There have been no terrorist attacks on US soil during my 8 years”…Except For The Ones I’m About To List [VIDEO],"The only possible explanation for this embarrassing misstep is that either Obama s speechwriter isn t very fond of him or they simply forgot to proof-read his speech There have been no terrorist attacks on US soil during my 8 years.  Except for the ones I m about to list. Merica. pic.twitter.com/snpLxgGrhZ  Cloyd Rivers (@CloydRivers) January 11, 2017 ",0
19326,FRONT-ROW FELON! Americans Are Stunned To See Who Sat In FRONT ROW At Obama’s Farewell Speech [VIDEO],"In mid-October 2016, James O Keefe exposed many of the Democratic operatives working in the underbelly of their party to coordinate and commit violent and illegal activities in order to defeat Trump and use any means necessary to make Hillary Clinton our next President. Click HERE to see the undercover video.One of the key figures in O Keefe s report was convicted felon and husband of Rep. Jan Schakowsky ( D-IL), Robert Creamer who oversaw a check-kiting scheme so elaborate that his employees followed a written manual   complete with detailed instructions on when and where to float checks totaling millions of dollars.As it turns out, convicted felon Robert Creamer was a frequent visitor of the White House. Between 11/21/2009 and 6/24/2016, Robert Creamer appears to have visited the White House 342 times, 340 times as  Robert Creamer  and twice as  Bob Creamer . He logged in times and was either a guest of Barack Obama or his lovely wife Michelle. One can only wonder what business Michelle had with this criminal. Hmmm Republicans would have distanced themselves from anyone who even had the appearance of taking part in criminal activity that could be tied to their party, but true to form, the Democrat Party gives them front-row seats.  Just look who showed up in the front row at Obama s farewell speech none other that Democratic operative, felon and his wife, Democrat US House member, Jan Schakowsky. These people have no shame and live in a world where the rules the rest of us are all forced to live by simply don t apply to them.Watch:Why is @rbcreamer front row at @BarackObama's Farewell Speech? @rushlimbaugh @PJC_dc @_under_current pic.twitter.com/qp9ndRJMQM  PVeritas Action (@PVeritas_Action) January 11, 2017 ",0
19327,LOL! This One Picture Sums Up Trump’s BRUTAL SMACKDOWN Of Mainstream Media At Today’s Press Conference,"Rush Limbaugh nailed it today when he said:  Trump s a different animal. They [the press] don t know how to deal with it, and he s making  em look like children. In this press conference today there was a man in the front row from CNN, a reporter in the front row, and he kept shouting at Trump like a little child. He demanded that Trump take his question. He started shouting at Trump while Trump was answering other questions, and Trump refused to take the question and looked at the him and said,  No, you re fake news.  (To watch the clip that Rush refers to click HERE.) And that s when I started laughing and applauding here when we were covering this live. Conservative political cartoonist A.F Branco nailed the results of Trump s press conference",0
19328,"SAY WHAT? Trump-Hater, RINO John McCain Admits HE Handed Smear Dossier Outlining Claims Of Kremlin Blackmail To FBI","Sworn Donald Trump enemy John McCain admitted Wednesday that he passed the dossier of claims of a Russian blackmail plot against the president-elect.The Arizona senator issued a public statement amid mounting questions of his exact role in the affair   and how a document riddled with errors and unverifiable claims came to be published.  Late last year, I received sensitive information that has since been made public,  he said. Upon examination of the contents, and unable to make a judgment about their accuracy, I delivered the information to the Director of the FBI. That has been the extent of my contact with the FBI or any other government agency regarding this issue. But the 2008 Republican loser, who disowned his party s candidate weeks before the election, may have been far more intimately involved than that.The chain of how the document reached the FBI is not officially known.However Carl Bernstein, the Watergate reporter who contributed to the first story about its existence, published by CNN on Tuesday afternoon, suggested that McCain was handed it by a former British ambassador to Moscow. Arizona Senator who disowned Trump before election admits he handed document outlining claims of Kremlin blackmail to FBI Brief statement claims that he received it and gave it directly to FBI Director James Comey because he was  unable to make judgment about accuracy But Washington reporter Carl Bernstein says former British ambassador to Moscow handed it to McCain Ambassador has not been named   and author of report also gave to FBI agent he knew at its station in Rome months ago Report was apparently paid for first BY Republican enemies of Trump then by DemocratsBernstein told CNN:  It came from a former British MI6 agent who was hired from a political opposition research firm in Washington who was doing work about Donald Trump for both republican and democratic candidates opposed to Trump. They were looking at Trumps business ties, they saw some questionable things about Russians, about his businesses in Russia, they in turn hired this MI6 former investigator, he then came up with additional information from his Russian sources, he was very concerned by the implications of it, he then took it to an FBI colleague that he had known in his undercover work for years, he took it to this FBI man in Rome who turned it over to the bureau in Washington in August. And then, a former British ambassador to Russia independently was made aware of these findings and he took the information to John McCain   Senator John McCain of Arizona   in the period just after the election, and showed it to McCain   additional findings. McCain was sufficiently disturbed by what he read to take it to FBI director James Comey himself personally, they had a five minute meeting the two men, very little was said, McCain turned it over to him and is now awaiting what the FBI s response is to that information. The identity of the former British ambassador has not been disclosed.Only one former British ambassador to Moscow remains in UK government service, Sir Tim Barrow, who went on to be Foreign Office political director and is now Britain s ambassador to the European Union.The new information, which has not been independently verified, claims that Russian officials also gathered highly damaging information on Trump, but only released the details attacking Clinton through the WikiLeaks website.The Kremlin has denied all of the allegations, while Trump tweeted:  FAKE NEWS   A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT .Buzzfeed followed up a report by CNN which disclosed the existence of the explosive dossier, but only gave a brief outline of the contents.The 35-page document, which had been collated by a former British Secret Intelligence Service agent had initially been handed over to the FBI in August.Buzzfeed s Editor-in-Chief Ben Smith wrote an email to his staff shortly after publishing the document.Buzzfeed is one of the radical  publications  on the internet. It is known for pumping out hateful and negative Trump stories almost with a vengeance to its young readers on a regular basis. The release of this FAKE NEWS should surprise NO ONE! Daily Mail",0
19329,BREAKING…AMERICA WAS PUNKED! No Direct Ties Between Trump And Russia…Intelligence Community Behind Assault On Trump [VIDEO],"Could this be the biggest FAKE NEWS story of 2016?An anonymous intelligence officer told NBC no direct link was found between PEOTUS Donald Trump and Russia.Nothing.The Screaming headlines were all Fake News.Senior news editor and writer, NBC Nightly News Brad Jaffey tweeted this video interview of Cynthia McFadden saying that Trump was NOT briefed on the addendum to the dossier originally generated as part of anti-Trump Republican opposition research.:https://twitter.com/BraddJaffy/status/819215244601991169https://twitter.com/BraddJaffy/status/819208142164754432NBC reported:A senior U.S. intelligence official with knowledge of the preparation for the meeting with Trump told NBC News that the president-elect was not briefed on the so-called two-page addendum to the dossier originally generated as part of anti-Trump Republican opposition research.Multiple officials say that the summary was included in the material prepared for the briefers, but the senior official told NBC News that the briefing was oral and no actual documents were handed to the Trump team.Intel and law enforcement officials agree that none of the investigations have found any conclusive or direct link between Trump and the Russian government period,  the senior official said.We all got punched  And the intelligence community was behind this assault on Trump. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper describes Russia s  multi-faceted  hacking campaign during the 2016 election:Gateway Pundit",0
19330,REPORT: WHY HILLARY WONT’ ACCEPT Obama And Valerie Jarrett’s Invitation For Post-Inaugural Gathering To “Lay Groundwork For The Offensive Against Trump”,"Hillary Clinton has turned down repeated requests by Barack Obama to join him in a nationwide political movement that he plans to lead against the presidency of Donald Trump. Hillary s received two phone calls from Obama and several from Valerie [Jarrett],  said a source familiar with Hillary s conversations with the outgoing president and his chief political adviser.  They ve been urging Hillary to get on board their anti-Trump campaign. They invited her to a post-Inaugural Day gathering at the mansion the Obamas have rented in D.C., where they re going to lay the groundwork for the offensive against Trump,  the source added.  Among those on the invitation list: Donna Brazile, Nancy Pelosi, and James Carville. But Hillary told Obama and Valerie that she couldn t work it into her schedule. According to the source, Hillary doesn t have much faith in Obama s leadership of an anti-Trump crusade. Obama s proved time and again that he thinks only of himself, not of his fellow Democrats,  said the source.  He s been a lousy leader of the Democratic Party and, after eight years in the White House, he s left the party in shambles. There s yet another reason Hillary doesn t want to be associated with an Obama-led movement against Trump,  the source added. Trump has indicated he s willing to let bygones be bygones as far as Hillary s email scandal and her pay-to-play involvement with the Clinton Foundation. She doesn t see any upside to pissing off Donald as he moves into the White House.   Edward Klein",0
19331,BOOM! CLOCK BOY’S DAD LOSES Defamation Case In District Court: “The lawsuit filed by Clock Boy’s father is yet another example of Islamist law fare” [VIDEO],"It s hard to be famous for being a  victim  in an Arab Gulf state who settles their disputes in a Sharia Court of Law. Someone should have told  Clock Boy  that being a victim in a country where victims are plentiful isn t really that special. Unlike America, being accused of bringing a fake bomb to school in Qatar isn t likely a guarantee you ll land a visit with their King.Within days of demanding a total of $15 million from the City of Irving and the Irving Independent School District,  Clock Boy  Ahmed Mohamed announced in a long distance phone interview from Qatar, he is homesick and wants to come home to Texas now.It wasn t long before the Clock Boy and his father returned to Texas and were filing a defamation lawsuit. Well today they got some bad news A year earlier, Ahmed, then a 14-year-old freshman at an Irving, Texas, high school, was arrested, briefly detained by police, and suspended for three days after bringing to school a  cool clock  that looked like a briefcase bomb. Ahmed claimed to have  invented  the easily assembled clock, and that he had brought it to school to show it to his shop teacher.The incident led many to question the Mohamed family s motives. Newly appointed District Court Judge Maricela Moore dismissed the lawsuit following a nearly three-hour hearing on Monday, according to the American Freedom Law Center:Mohamed had sued Hanson and CSP for statements Hanson had made on Beck s program about the connection between the Clock Boy hoax bomb affair, the attendant media frenzy created in large part by his father Mohamed, civilization jihad, and the Counsel on American-Islamic Relations ( CAIR ), the Muslim Brotherhood-Hamas front group in the United States that promotes civilization jihad.Here s a clip from Hanson s interview with Glenn Beck:During the hearing, AFLC co-founder and senior counsel David Yerushalmi explained to Judge Moore that the purpose of the lawfare-driven lawsuit was to intimidate into silence those who might comment publicly on the connection between jihad, terrorism, sharia, and Islam. As such, Yerushalmi argued,  this case is a classic Strategic Lawsuit Against Public Participation or  SLAPP  case and should be dismissed. During the lengthy hearing, Judge Moore pressed Mohamed s lawyer, Fort Worth attorney Susan Hutchison, to provide any facts that would suggest that Hanson and the other defendants had said anything false or defamatory about Mohamed or his son during the television broadcasts. After spending a painfully embarrassing 15 minutes flipping through reams of paper, Mohamed s lawyer was unable to provide any such evidence.Upon leaving the courtroom, Yerushalmi made the following statement: This lawsuit filed by Clock Boy s father is yet another example of Islamist law fare, which is a component of the Muslim Brotherhood s civilization jihad.    PJ Media",0
19332,MERYL STREEP PROBABLY FORGOT The Time Obama Actually DID Mock Special Needs Kids On Jay Leno Show [VIDEO],"Streep s shameful attempt to paint Trump as a heartless human being to Golden Globe Award viewers can be found near the middle of this clip:At tonight's #GoldenGlobes we honor Hollywood legend Meryl Streep with the prestigious Cecil B. Demille Award. pic.twitter.com/dxpeCDNXY6  Golden Globe Awards (@goldenglobes) January 9, 2017Now watch the video that proves Meryl Streep was fabricating (acting) her story out without real evidence that Donald Trump  mocked a disabled reporter:",0
19333,SICKENING! MTV HOST MOCKS Senator Jeff Sessions’ Asian Grandchildren, ,0
19334,OBAMA MAKES STUNNING 11th Hour Gift Of Massive Uranium Shipment To Iran…As Iran Develops Long-Range Missile Plan,"In what amounts to an 11th hour  gift  by the outgoing Obama administration to Tehran s leadership to keep the country, which on Sunday was involved in yet another shooting incident with a US destroyer, content and compliant with Obama s landmark  Nuclear deal , the AP reported that Iran is to receive a huge shipment of natural uranium from Russia to compensate it for exporting tons of reactor coolant. The move was approved by the outgoing U.S. administration and other governments  seeking to keep Tehran committed to a landmark nuclear pact. AP cites two senior diplomats who said that the transfer which was recently agreed by the U.S. and five other world powers that negotiated the nuclear deal with Iran, foresees delivery of 116 metric tons (nearly 130 tons) of natural uranium. U.N. Security Council approval is needed but a formality, considering five of those powers are permanent Security Council members, they said. The swap is in compensation for the approximately 40 metric tons (44 tons) of heavy water exported by Iran to Russia since the nuclear agreement went into effect. Another 30 metric tons have gone to the U.S. and Oman.While Uranium can be enriched to levels ranging from reactor fuel or medical and research purposes to the core of an atomic bomb, Iran has claimed it has no interest in such weapons and its activities are being closely monitored under the nuclear pact to make sure they remain peaceful. As we reported at the time, Tehran previously received a similar amount of natural uranium in 2015 as part of negotiations leading up to the nuclear deal, in a swap for enriched uranium it sent to Russia. But the new shipment will be the first such consignment since the deal came into force a year ago.The news comes ahead of a meeting in Vienna, where representatives of Iran, the United States, Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany will review Iranian complaints that the U.S. was reneging on sanctions relief pledges included in the nuclear deal.As AP adds,  the uranium agreement comes at a sensitive time. With the incoming U.S. administration and many U.S. lawmakers already skeptical of how effective the nuclear deal is in keeping Iran s nuclear program peaceful over the long term, they might view it as further evidence that Tehran is being given too many concessions. Tehran s nuclear activities start to expire in less than a decade. The troubling part, if only for those who see Iran as hell bent on creating nucleaar weapons was noted by David Albright, whose Institute of Science and International Security often briefs U.S. lawmakers on Iran s nuclear program, says the shipment could be enriched to enough weapons-grade uranium for more than 10 simple nuclear bombs,  depending on the efficiency of the enrichment process and the design of the nuclear weapon. While it remains to be seen if Trump will comment on the unexpected delivery, we are certain that Israel, and especially its embattled prime minister Netanyahu, will raise a substantial fuss over the renewed possibility of a nuclear-armed neighbor. Heavy water is used to cool a type of reactor that produces more plutonium than reactors cooled by light water. Like enriched uranium, plutonium can be turned into the fissile core of a nuclear weaponMeanwhile, Reuters reports that Iranian lawmakers, far from demilitarizing, approved plans on Monday to expand military spending to five percent of the budget, including developing the country s long-range missile program which U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has pledged to halt. The vote is a boost to Iran s military establishment   the regular army, the elite Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) and defense ministry   which was allocated almost 2 percent of the 2015-16 budget. But it could put the Islamic Republic on a collision course with the incoming Trump administration, and fuel criticism from other Western states which say Tehran s recent ballistic missile tests are inconsistent with a U.N. resolution on Iran. The resolution, adopted last year as part of the deal to curb Iran s nuclear activities, calls on Iran to refrain from work on ballistic missiles designed to deliver nuclear weapons. Tehran says it has not carried out any work on missiles specifically designed to carry such payloads.The Obama administration says Iran s ballistic missile tests have not violated the nuclear agreement with Tehran, but Trump, who criticized the accord as  the worst deal ever negotiated , has said he would stop Iran s missile program. Those ballistic missiles, with a range of 1,250 miles, were designed to intimidate not only Israel   but also intended to frighten Europe and someday maybe hit even the United States,  he told the American Israel Public Affairs Committee AIPAC in March.  We re not going to let that happen. So one hand, we have Obama desperate to salvage his diplomatic legacy (having already seen TPP implode and Obamacare starting the repeal proess), appeasing Iran in every possible way, even if it means further antagonizing Israel; on the other we have Iran taking advantage of Obama s weakness, and accelerating the ballistic weapons program which has been banned per the same treasury that Obama wants to see continue. Finally, throw in Trump and Netanyahu in the mix, and the future for US-Iranian relations after January 20 suddenly looks rather volatile.  Zero Hedge",0
19335,LOL! $45 MILLION DOLLAR WHOOPI Complains Conservatives Prevented Her From Making A Living [VIDEO],She s pulling down a cool $2 Million a year as the race-baiting host of ABC s flailing The View talk show.Watch Goldberg take a line from Hillary s dead broke book during this segment:,0
19336,DIAMOND AND SILK Give It To “Underhanded” Meryl Streep [Video],".@DiamondandSilk wasn t pleased by the underhanded way that @MerylStreepPage used her platform, @goldenglobes, to insult @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/zVjDw9rah6  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) January 9, 2017",0
19337,U OF CHICAGO Admissions Blames Trump For Chicago’s Violent Image…Offers Students CASH For Best Idea Of How To Deceive Prospective Students About Violence [VIDEO],"The University of Chicago s admissions office is offering a reward to its student tour guides who can dispel the notion among prospective students and their families that the city is  unsafe  and  scary. In an email obtained by The Chicago Maroon, Colleen Belak, the assistant director of admissions at the university, offered a $500 cash prize to those who find  a creative way to dispel the negative perception  about Chicago s violence epidemic.  FOX If you ve paid attention to the national news (or Donald Trump s tweets) over the last few months, you ll notice that the city of Chicago is often painted with a broad brush as an  unsafe  or  scary  place to reside,  Belak wrote to the campus tour guide listhost.  Of course, certain realities should not be ignored, but at the end of the day most of us are proud Chicago residents with a deep love of the city. With that spirit in mind, we have an opportunity for you to win some money $500 to be exact. If you are able to come up with a creative way to approach this negative perception, be it a video series, blog post, photo, or something else (and better) entirely  Keep in mind that the audience is a high school student and his/her family. Here is a  2016 Deadliest Hoods  map of Chicago showing two of the highest crime areas in the city are directly next door to the University of Chicago courtesy of Heyjackass, a website dedicated to cataloging the shootings and murders that take place in gun-free Chicago:",0
19338,NOT EVERY HOLLYWOOD ACTOR Approved Of Meryl Streep’s Anti-Trump Rant Last Night…Check Out Vince Vaughn And Mel Gibson’s Reactions,"Thank goodness there are still a few courageous, conservative actors in Hollywood like Mel Gibson, Vince Vaughn, Patricia Heaton and Clint Eastwood, to name a few. Gibson and Vaughn were in attendance last night at the Golden Globe awards, and by the looks on their faces, they were obviously were NOT impressed with Streep s anti-Trump rant (video of her embarrassing speech can be seen below):Hollywood conservatives/libertarians #MelGibson & #VinceVaughn listening to #MerylStreep speech slamming @realDonaldTrump. #LockHerUp pic.twitter.com/i3sdtSbz1f  Jacob Engels (@JacobEngels) January 9, 2017Here is Streep s rant:""As my friend Princess Leia said to me once: take your broken heart, make it into art."" #MerylStreep pic.twitter.com/GzOHo7O729 #GoldenGlobes  Richard Hine (@richardhine) January 9, 2017",0
19339,NATIVE AMERICAN TRIBE Will Offer Cash To Schools To STOP Using Indian Mascots…While 1 IN 3 Native Americans Live In Poverty,"Native Americans continue to battle poverty, joblessness and low incomes. About 28.4 percent of American Indians and Alaska (1 in every 3) Natives   nearly twice the national rate   lived in poverty in 2010. Their unemployment hovers around 49 percent, according to the Bureau of Indian Affairs  most recent labor force report in 2005.A Michigan Native American tribe plans soon to offer cash to help K-12 schools, public and private and universities, and municipalities replace Indian mascots.A recent state tally found 35 K-12 schools in Michigan had Native American-themed mascots, including the Indians, the Warriors, the Redskins, the Chiefs, the Big Reds, the Redskins, the Chieftains and the Braves.Not every Michigan Native American tribe is in agreement with the Notawaseppi Huron Band of the Potawatomi:Central Michigan University has been using the Chippewas as their team logo for decades. Their nickname is used with consent of the nearby Saginaw Chippewa Indian Tribe, who have a positive relationship with the university. The university was placed on the NCAA s list of schools with  hostile or abusive  nicknames in August 2005, but appealed the decision, with the support of the Saginaw Chippewa Indian Tribe. On September 2, 2005 the university announced that their appeal of the decision had been upheld.The Notawaseppi Huron Band of the Potawatomi says they d be the first tribe in the United States to help offset the costs of replacing the mascots.That replacement process can be expensive, a tribal spokeswoman said. For instance, a school may have to change everything from gym floors to athletic uniforms to band equipment to official letterhead to its website.In 2013, the Michigan Department of Civil Rights unsuccessfully called for the Department of Education to prohibit the use of Indian mascots, names, slogans, chants and imagery. Heatstreet",0
19340,BOOM! TRUMP Holds “DISHONEST MEDIA” Accountable : NBC Cuts 9 Minutes From Kellyanne Conway Interview…Trump EXPOSES Them On Twitter [VIDEO],"Kellyanne Conway met with NBC s  Meet The Press  to discuss the findings by US intelligence agencies about Russia and their alleged  hacking  into the DNC and John Podesta emails. Throughout his interview, crybaby host Chuck Todd tries without success to pin this alleged hacking by Russia on Trump. He also tried to convince his viewers that Hillary lost the election because of the emails that exposed the dirty dealings and the hate the Democrat Party and Democrat operatives have for everyday Americans. Kellyanne Conway won t allow him to distort the truth and control the narrative however, and Todd becomes visibly agitated with her, which likely is the reason they wouldn t air the entire interview. After all, why would they want to have their viewers witness the meltdown of their premier Sunday morning host.In a brilliant move, Trump called out NBC this morning for editing her interview on Meet The Press on Twitter:Kellyanne Conway went to @MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 8, 2017Although NBC aired the edited version of the interview to their viewers, they have posted the full version on their website. The interview in its entirety can be seen here:NBC Meet the Press host Chuck Todd has a wife who s active in Democratic Party strategic communications, and sometimes donates to Democrats. In 2012, Kristian Denny Todd contributed $2,500 to Sen. Tim Kaine. Todd never felt any need to disclose this during his three recent Kaine interviews on NBC (August 7, September 18, and October 23). Newsbusters",0
19341,RON PAUL SUMS Up Obama’s #FakePresidency In One BRUTAL Facebook Post,"Ownage. pic.twitter.com/yznLKcYiMW  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) January 7, 2017",0
19342,OBAMA FINALLY BUILDS BORDER WALL…But There’s One Problem…It’s ONLY For The Obama’s,"President Obama blasted Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump in April, 2016 for his plan to bar immigrants in the U.S. from sending money back home to force Mexico to pay for a new border wall. Oh, no. It s Trump,  a smiling Obama said when he was asked about the 2016 candidate s latest comments.Obama called plan another shortsighted idea from Trump that could spark concern among world leaders.  I am getting questions constantly from foreign leaders about some of the wackier suggestions that are being made,  Obama told reporters at the White House.Obama said Trump s border wall proposal could have  enormous  economic consequences for Mexico, which receives billions of dollars in payments that immigrants in the U.S. send home, and possibly touch off a major spat with an ally. The notion that we are going to track every Western Union bit of money that s being sent to Mexico   good luck with that,  Obama said.Obama s remarks came after The Washington Post published a two-page memo from Trump outlining how he would get Mexico to pay for his wall. Trump s memo outlines how he would cut off certain remittances   cash transfers from people in the United States to Mexico   unless Mexico s government offered $5 billion to $10 billion to pay for the wall.Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto has said he won t pay for Trump s wall and claimed the candidate has damaged U.S.-Mexico relations.The country s former president, Vicente Fox, slammed the proposal, saying,  I m not going to pay for that f ing wall. Meanwhile, TMZ reported that workers are busy building a large wall around Obama s new DC residence where he will be moving from the White House, that was coincidentally, also surrounded by a massive wall.Why is it that politicians like Obama and even Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, who has a two-decade-long history of promoting open borders immigration policies, have no problem building a border fence for themselves and their family, even as they denies the American people those same protections.They re quick to criticize Trump and his supporters for wanting to build a wall on our southern border to keep foreign intruders and criminals out for the sake of our national security, yet have no problem erecting large walls around their personal residences to keep their own families safe ",0
19343,DECLASSIFIED US INTEL REPORT Used To Discredit Trump Is Huge Embarrassment…Evidence Was Compiled In 2012 After OBAMA’S Reelection,"A highly-anticipated declassified US intelligence report, aimed to prove that Russia supported Donald Trump, has turned out to be a huge embarrassment. The annex that contained factual material that was thought to provide evidence of RT influencing the American public was compiled in December 2012, right after the reelection of Barack Obama.The report focuses on television shows and interviews that took place four years before Trump was elected, and well before he was even a politician. In Annex A of the report, intelligence agencies claim that  Kremlin s TV Seeks To Influence Politics, Fuel Discontent in US.  Buried at the bottom of that page is a note stating,  This annex was originally published on 11 December 2012 by the Open Source Center, now the Open Source Enterprise. The report notes that two RT shows, Breaking the Set and Truthseeker, focused on criticism of US. The problem is, both of these shows were off air before the 2016 election season began.The report goes on to detail programming in 2012 about voting booth irregularities, which, again, would have been during Obama s campaign. Despite being an old report, the topic became largely relevant once again during the Democratic primaries when voters found themselves purged from voting rolls, and hundreds of thousands of ballots went uncounted.Perhaps most shocking of all, the dastardly RT network dared to host third party debates, as they were not allowed participation in the main debates.  In an effort to highlight the alleged  lack of democracy  in the United States, RT broadcast, hosted, and advertised third party candidate debates and ran reporting supportive of the political agenda of these candidates. The RT hosts asserted that the US two-party system does not represent the views of at least one-third of the population and is a sham.  Apparently, the intelligence communities do not agree that some of the people they serve may not fit perfectly into the two neat and tidy political boxes of Republicans and Democrats. The report states that the network aired a documentary on Occupy Wall Street, an obviously left-wing movement, in 2012. Again, this was the year Obama was elected, so perhaps the Russians actually won HIM the presidency. They presented evidence that Russian media often reports on infringements of civil liberties, police brutality, and drone use. While these issues are all popular topics of discussion in left-leaning media, RT s reporting in 2012 was clearly part of a long-running plot to elect Trump, right?If the report is true and RT the Almighty was swinging votes in 2012, the only beneficiary of the coverage was the now-outgoing president of the United States, who won a landslide victory over Republican Mitt Romney. Four years ago Trump was not thought of as a politician and it remains a mystery how RT s 2012 coverage could propel him. A mystery, that even a classified version of the report would have a hard time explaining.    Sputnik news ",0
19344,A-LIST DEMOCRATS Attend Obama’s Last Taxpayer-Funded Gig At The White House [Video],"Via: TMZOlivia Wilde posed for a black and white selfie with partner Jason Sudeikis Yes, that s David Letterman looking LIKE HE JUST ROLLED OUT OF BED ",0
19345,"OBAMA’S Mexico Gun-Running, Race-Baiting, Former Attorney General Hired By State Of CA To Help Fight Against Trump","Eric Holder was embroiled in some sort of controversy for most of the time he served as Obama s choice for Attorney General. He was the key figure in the Fast and Furious gun-running scandal with Mexico, and was also involved in the IRS scandal that targeted conservatives and conservative leaning organizations. Holder also was instrumental in fanning the flames of the Trayvon Martin case in Sanford, Florida. While he was acting as our nation s Attorney General, he was caught by Judicial Watch spending our taxpayer dollars to deploy a little-known unit of the Department of Justice (DOJ), the Community Relations Service (CRS)  to Sanford, FL, following the Trayvon Martin shooting to help organize and manage rallies and protests against George Zimmerman. Holder was also present in Ferguson where he did absolutely nothing to stop the rioting and chaos. California lawmakers already are preparing for a legal brawl with the Donald Trump administration   and they ve got President Obama s former top attorney in their corner.Top state Democratic lawmakers announced Wednesday that former Attorney General Eric Holder has been tapped as outside counsel to advise the Legislature on potential challenges with the Trump government. He will lead a team from the Covington & Burling law firm, where he s been working since leaving the Obama administration in 2015. With the upcoming change in administrations, we expect that there will be extraordinary challenges for California in the uncertain times ahead,  California Senate President pro Tempore Kevin de Le n and Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon said in a statement.  This is a critical moment in the history of our nation. We have an obligation to defend the people who elected us and the policies and diversity that make California an example of what truly makes our nation great. They said Holder and his team will advise  in our efforts to resist any attempts to roll back the progress California has made. The statement did not specify which policies they anticipate will cause friction, though California s numerous sanctuary cities are likely to face challenges from an administration that has threatened to pull their federal funding.   FOX NewsSets forth articles of impeachment stating that Holder: (1) engaged in a pattern of conduct incompatible with the trust and confidence placed in him in that position by refusing to comply with a subpoena issued by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform on October 12, 2011, in connection with a congressional investigation into Operation Fast and Furious by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms (ATF); (2) failed to enforce multiple laws, including the Defense of Marriage Act, the Controlled Substances Act, and the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1986; (3) failed his oath of office by refusing to prosecute individuals involved in the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) scandal of unauthorized disclosure of tax records belonging to political donors; and (4) testified under oath before Congress on May 15, 2013, that he was neither involved in nor had heard of a potential prosecution of the press but later confirmed to the House Judiciary Committee in a letter dated June 19, 2013, that he approved of a search warrant on journalist James Rosen. In an interview with the Los Angeles Times, De Le n suggested Holder s team will work on issues like immigration, climate change, the environment and voting rights. The unorthodox arrangement assigns to Holder s team some duties that normally would be handled by the state s top law enforcement official, the California attorney general. Gov. Jerry Brown has nominated Democratic Rep. Xavier Becerra for that job.Holder was one of Obama s longest-serving and most controversial Cabinet members.He had a contentious relationship with congressional Republicans, who in 2012 voted to hold him in contempt of Congress for not turning over documents on the Fast and Furious  gun-walking  scandal.   FOX News",0
19346,BREAKING: OBAMA Regime Announces Federal Takeover Of Elections [VIDEO],"In a stunning last minute power grab by the Obama administration with just 14 days left in his Presidency, the Department of Homeland Security released a statement this evening officially declaring state election systems to be  critical infrastructure.  The statement from DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson defines  election infrastructure  as  storage facilities, polling places, centralized vote tabulations locations, voter registration databases, voting machines  and all  other systems  to manage the election process so pretty much everything.I have reached this determination so that election infrastructure will, on a more formal and enduring basis, be a priority for cybersecurity assistance and protections that the Department of Homeland Security provides to a range of private and public sector entities. By  election infrastructure,  we mean storage facilities, polling places, and centralized vote tabulations locations used to support the election process, and information and communications technology to include voter registration databases, voting machines, and other systems to manage the election process and report and display results on behalf of state and local governments. Given the vital role elections play in this country, it is clear that certain systems and assets of election infrastructure meet the definition of critical infrastructure, in fact and in law,  Johnson stated.  Particularly in these times, this designation is simply the right and obvious thing to do. The designation  allows for information to be withheld from the public when state, local and private partners meet to discuss election infrastructure security   potentially injecting secrecy into an election process that s traditionally and expressly a transparent process,  according to the AP. U.S. officials say such closed door conversations allow for frank discussion that would prevent bad actors from learning about vulnerabilities. DHS would also be able to grant security clearances when appropriate and provide more detailed threat information to states. The announcement of a federal takeover of the electoral process follows a report from several intelligence agencies also released Friday which purports the Russian government worked to influence the outcome of the 2016 US election.The AP reports several states in recent months opposed the move fearing  the designation would lead to increased federal regulation or oversight on the many decentralized and locally run voting systems across the country. At least one member of the US Election Infrastructure Cybersecurity Working Group, Georgia Secretary of State Brian P. Kemp, stated he opposed the measure claiming  more federal oversight could make systems more vulnerable and could make protected records more accessible,  the AP writes.Kemp reportedly called the move  a federal overreach into a sphere constitutionally reserved for the states  on a conference call with Johnson Thursday, and said the designation  smacks of partisan politics. Examples of election infrastructure include storage facilities, voter registration databases, voting locations, voting machines and other systems designed to manage the election process, the AP notes.  For entire story: InfowarsDecember 18, 2016   Georgia s secretary of state has claimed the Department of Homeland Security tried to breach his office s firewall and has issued a letter to Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson asking for an explanation.Brian Kemp issued a letter to Johnson on Thursday after the state s third-party cybersecurity provider detected an IP address from the agency s Southwest D.C. office trying to penetrate the state s firewall. According to the letter, the attempt was unsuccessful.And now, Channel 2 Investigative Reporter Aaron Diamond has learned two more states  election agencies have confirmed suspected cyberattacks linked to the same U.S. Department of Homeland Security IP address as last month s massive attack in Georgia.Watch here:Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp recently told Politico it is nothing more than an attempt to  subvert the Constitution to achieve the goal of federalizing elections under the guise of security. During an earlier interview with the site Nextgov, Kemp warned:  The question remains whether the federal government will subvert the Constitution to achieve the goal of federalizing elections under the guise of security.  Kemp told POLITICO he sees a  clear motivation from this White House  to expand federal control, citing Obama s health care law, the Dodd-Frank financial-reform legislation and the increased role of the Education Department in local schools.To some election officials, this sounds like the first stage of a more intrusive plan. I think it s kind of the nose under the tent,  said Vermont Secretary of State Jim Condos, a Democrat.  What I think a lot of folks get concerned about [is] when the federal government says,  Well, look, we re not really interested in doing that, but we just want to give you this,  and then all of a sudden this leads to something else.  Meanwhile, Kemp continued on by noting that  this administration only has 15 days left in its term  and to make such a critical decision during the 11th hour  smacks of partisan politics. But we re sure it s nothing, Obama doesn t really strike us as the type to play the  partisan politics  game.  Zero Hedge",0
19347,BOOM! Trump Drains Obama Swamp…Mandates All Ambassadors Vacate Positions “Without Exceptions” By Inauguration Day,"President-elect Donald J. Trump s transition staff has issued a blanket edict requiring politically appointed ambassadors to leave their overseas posts by Inauguration Day, according to several American diplomats familiar with the plan, breaking with decades of precedent by declining to provide even the briefest of grace periods.The mandate   issued  without exceptions,  according to a terse State Department cable sent on Dec. 23, diplomats who saw it said   threatens to leave the United States without Senate-confirmed envoys for months in critical nations like Germany, Canada and Britain. In the past, administrations of both parties have often granted extensions on a case-by-case basis to allow a handful of ambassadors, particularly those with school-age children, to remain in place for weeks or months.Mr. Trump, by contrast, has taken a hard line against leaving any of President Obama s political appointees in place as he prepares to take office on Jan. 20 with a mission of dismantling many of his predecessor s signature foreign and domestic policy achievements.  Political  ambassadors, many of them major donors who are nominated by virtue of close ties with the president, almost always leave at the end of his term; ambassadors who are career diplomats often remain in their posts.A senior Trump transition official said there was no ill will in the move, describing it as a simple matter of ensuring that Mr. Obama s overseas appointees leave the government on schedule, just as thousands of political aides at the White House and in federal agencies must do. The official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity about internal deliberations, said the ambassadors should not be surprised about being held to a hard end date.   NYT s",0
19348,"PAUL JOSEPH WATSON EXPOSES Lunacy Of Leftists Who Try To Separate Black Lives Matter From Kidnapping, Torture Of White Disabled Teen By 4 Black Thugs [VIDEO]","YES mainstream fake news media, there is a clear connection between violent, anti-white #BlackLivesMatter rhetoric & the #BLMKidnapping. pic.twitter.com/Mja4ssPRi8  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) January 6, 2017Is anyone even slightly bothered or concerned about the tantrums and rants by specialized cable shows like ESPN, or Tech publications like Gizmodo over conservative viewpoints? Do they really have no business injecting their political views on their audiences? Do their audiences really care about their political positions?For crying out loud, this story should rock every human being to the core, but that s not how the Left sees it. Instead of focusing on the nightmare this young man endured at the hands of 4 racist, hateful thugs who have been emboldened by a movement inspired by our current President, they obsess over the damage Black Lives Matter may endure over bad press by conservatives who brought this story to light on Twitter.Here is Gizmodo s contribution to the story of this poor mentally disabled young man:Alt-right trolls use Chicago kidnapping to make some shit up https://t.co/WP3L7MdBQh pic.twitter.com/oSlRP5m0vP  Gizmodo (@Gizmodo) January 5, 2017 ",0
19349,WITH 15 DAYS REMAINING In Office…Obama Suddenly Takes An Interest In Chicago Crime…Discusses Commuting Crooked Politician Rod Blagojevich [VIDEO],Here s what these Chicago residents have to say about Barack and what he s done for the residents of Chicago. He s probably the the worst President ever elected. Have the same love for these (black) young people as you ve got for the ones across the border. Here s how Obama answered:,0
19350,DEM STRATEGIST Says Torture OF White Special Needs Teen By Black Thugs NOT A Hate Crime “If It Was About Things Trump Said” [VIDEO],"CNN host Don Lemon asks guest  Simone Sanders, former Press Secretary for Bernie Sanders:  How can you say it s not a  hate crime  against a white person? Simone answers Lemon s question by suggesting that this is NOT a hate crime. She goes on to say that if the 4 black thugs that beat and tortured this mentally disabled teen did it because they hated Trump, it shouldn t be a hate crime. Sanders explains,  Motive here matters. So was this for hate of Donald Trump, the President-elect because of things that he has said, or was this for pure hate of white people?   Yeah, so torturing another human being you kidnapped for hours is okay, as long as it was just about something Trump said. ",0
19351,SECOND MAJOR MAKEUP MANUFACTURER Chooses Man With Razor Stubble To Be Face For Their Products,"Makeup Artist Manny Gutierrez is the first man to be chosen to rep for the Maybelline make up brand.Gutierrez is following in the footsteps of James Charles, who was chosen last year by CoverGirl to be its first-ever male spokesperson.Maybelline chose Manny as one of the new faces of its Colossal Big Shot mascara campaign for his VERY ON-POINT EYE MAKEUP LOOKS. Also because he s already amassed more than 3 million Instagram followers.  BuzzfeedBecause it s probably pretty difficult to find beautiful women to use in their ads geared towards women right?Here s what Maybelline ads used to look like when they used women to showcase products they were marketing to women.  ",0
19352,HE WAS SO CLOSE: We Were “Obamerica”…We Were More Tolerant…More Guilty…The End Of The 1st And 2nd Amendments Were Only A Clever Campaign Away…And Then America Woke Up,"Obama and his supporters loved talking about history. His victory was historic. They were on the right side of history. History was an inevitable arc that bent their way.The tidal force of demographics had made the old America irrelevant. Any progressive policy agenda was now possible because we were no longer America. We Were Obamerica. A hip, happening place full of smiling gay couples, Muslim women in hijab and transgender actors. We were all going to live in a New York City coffee house, work at Green Jobs and live in the post-national future.The past was gone. We were falling into the gorgeous wonderful future of dot com instant deliveries and outsourced everything. We would become more tolerant and guilty. The future was Amazon and Disney. It was hot and cold running social justice. The Bill of Rights was done. Ending the First and Second Amendments was just a clever campaign away. Narratives on news sites drove everything.Presidents were elected by Saturday Night Live skits. John Oliver, John Stewart, Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee were our journalists. Safe spaces were everywhere and you better watch your micro-aggressions, buddy. No more coal would be mined. No more anything would be made.The end of men was here. The end of the dead white men of the literary canon. The end of white people. The end of binary gender and marriage. The end of reason. The end of art. The end of 2 + 2 equaling 4. This was Common Core time. It was time to pardon an endless line of drug dealers. To kill cops and praise criminals. To be forced to buy worthless health insurance for wealth redistribution to those who voted their way to wealth.This was Obama s America. And there was no going back. We were rushing through endless goal posts of social transformation. The military fell. Then the police. Now it looks as quaint as anything from the 50s, the 70s or the 80s. A brief moment of foolishness that already appears odd and awkward. And then one day nostalgic. It wasn t the future. It s already the past. It s history.Scalia died. Hillary Clinton was bound to win. And she would define the Supreme Court. Down-ticket races would give her a friendly Senate. And then perhaps even the House.But there is no right side of history. There is only the side we choose. The Obama era was permanent. It was history.Now it is history.Its shocking ascendancy has been paired with an equally shocking descent. The Obama era is done. It s gone. It s over. It was wiped from the pages of history in one night that left Congress and the White House in Republican hands.It would have been bad enough if Jeb Bush had succeeded Obama. That would have been inconvenient, but not a repudiation. Instead Obama s legacy was dashed to pieces. His frantic efforts to campaign for Hillary did no good. The public did not vocally reject him. What they did was even worse. They brushed past him. They sidelined him. They gave him passable approval ratings while dismissing his biggest accomplishments. They forgot him. They made it clear that he did not matter.And that is in its own way far more brutal and wounding. They didn t just destroy the Obama era. Instead they dismissed it as if it never existed.Obama didn t make history after all. He wasn t a teleprompter demi-god standing athwart of history. He was Carter and Ford. He was there to be forgotten. He didn t change the world. He wasn t the messiah. He was merely a mortal. Just another politician who will sag and age. Who will, in the end, be photographed like Bill Clinton, lonely and lost in a world that has passed him by.The Obama era ends not with a bang, but with a whimper. With a national consensus that maybe he didn t really matter so much after all. And those to whom he mattered the most were his enemies determined to undo everything he did.Obama once thought that he belonged to the ages. Now he belongs in the rubbish bin.By Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam. ",0
19353,UNREAL VIDEO: White Guy Kidnapped And Assaulted By Thugs…Forced To Say: “F*ck Trump” And “F*ck White People” [Video},"The incident took place Tuesday in an apartment on the 3400 block of West Lexington on Chicago s West Side, a police spokesperson said. The victim, who has special needs, was a high-risk missing person from northwest suburban Crystal Lake, police say. Police say he traveled to Carol Stream to meet a friend. They ended up in a stolen car, driven to the West Side, where the attack took place. Four people are now in custody. Chicago Police Supt. Eddie Johnson was expected to brief reporters on the case at 6 p.m. Via: CBSYOUTUBE KEEPS TAKING THIS VIDEO DOWN BUT WE LL TRY AND REPLACE IT!#BREAKING: Chicago Police tell FOX 32 that four people are in custody after man tied up, tortured on Facebook Live https://t.co/TY2rboK0JE pic.twitter.com/m0z6yRRtUI  FOX 32 News (@fox32news) January 4, 2017",0
19354,WAS “OPEN-BORDERS” Angela Merkel Behind $4 MILLION Taxpayer Funded Donation To Hillary’s “Foundation” One Month Before Election?,"Barack Obama recently kicked 35 Russian diplomats and their families out of the US, and announced sanctions over allegations that have yet to be proven, that the Russian government  hacked John Podesta, Hillary s campaign chair s emails. HILLARY Clinton is facing a backlash in Germany after it was revealed the country s taxpayers handed over  4million to her foundation via the government at the height of the US elections.According to reports, the failed Democratic nominee s US-based charity received the cash to help plant trees in Africa at exactly the time she declared Angela Merkel her  favourite  politician.But the revelation of the financing arangment has been met with scorn.In October, around the same time the transaction was made, it was revealed that Mrs Clinton said the German Chancellor was one of her  favourites  when asked about who she admired in global politics.According to reports, the failed Democratic nominee s US-based charity received the cash to help plant trees in Africa at exactly the time she declared Angela Merkel her  favourite  politician.But the revelation of the financing arangment has been met with scorn.In October, around the same time the transaction was made, it was revealed that Mrs Clinton said the German Chancellor was one of her  favourites  when asked about who she admired in global politics.According to reports the tome alleges foreign groups and governments gave money to Mrs Clinton s charity in return for access to the State Department while she was Secretary of State.Now eyebrows are being raised after it was revealed German taxpayers handed over millions in the third quarter of the year, during the period Mrs Clinton was running for President   while at the same time being investigated by the FBI.And it has been claimed the foundation s donors list shows the Federal Ministry of the Environment had made the transaction.  Express UK",0
19355,JULIAN ASSANGE REVEALS John Podesta’s Hilarious Email Password…”A 14 Year Old Kid Could’ve Hacked Podesta” [VIDEO], ,0
19356,WOW! SARCASTIC MIKE BARNICLE Gets An Earful From Kellyanne Conway For Saying Republicans Weren’t “Fair” To Obama [Video],"BARNICLE: So you re asking the Democrats to be as fair as the Republicans were  CONWAY:   they were very fair. Excuse me, President Obama had seven of his cabinet members confirmed on January 20, 2009, his inauguration day. Are you going to guarantee me the same courtesy? It doesn t sound that way if you read The Hill and the Washington Post, yesterday. And then he had five more that week. President Bush had nine his first week. He had State and Defense and Ag and Commerce and Education and Energy and Treasury. Are we going to have that? It doesn t seem that way.",0
19357,"JULIAN ASSANGE GETS EMOTIONAL Over His Family, Especially Young Children, During Exclusive Sean Hannity Interview [VIDEO]"," I know what I m doing. I m prepared to wear the consequences of the conflict but my family s innocent. During an exclusive interview, Wikileaks founder Julian Assange gets emotional while telling Sean Hannity about the effect his virtual imprisonment has had on his family, especially his children. I know what I m doing, but my family is innocent they didn t sign up for that fight. ",0
19358,THINGS ARE ABOUT TO GET UGLY: GOP Introduces Plan To Stop $44 BILLION In Obama’s Last Minute Taxpayer Funded Regulations,"Republicans have put forward a plan to stop Obama administration s last minute regulations Tuesday. These  midnight regulations  published after the 2016 presidential election could cost the American taxpayer over $44 billion.California Republican Rep. Darrell Issa re-introduced legislation Tuesday that would allow Congress to overturn executive branch regulations finalized in the last 60 legislative days of an outgoing presidential administration.The bill amends the Congressional Review Act, which would allow Congress to recoup the ability to essentially curb numerous regulations rushed through the regulatory process in the last days of an outgoing administration at one time.Issa s office claims the bill is designed  to stem a growing trend by Presidents, of both parties, to use their last few months in office to rush in costly, expensive or controversial new regulations. The legislation, expected to be approved by the House Wednesday, was already introduced with support from the Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte and Pennsylvania Republican Rep. Tom Marino. Regulations impacting the economy, the environment, families, and our community should be done with great caution and transparency, not get rushed in last-minute on a President s way out of office. This is a good piece of legislation that will help keep this and future Presidents in check. The Midnight Rules Relief Act is a reasonable plan to strengthen executive branch oversight, giving Congress a better tool to ensure regulations are limited and, when necessary, approved in an open and transparent manner,  Issa said in a statement. Daily Caller ",0
19359,INVITED POP STAR SAYS SHE’LL PERFORM At Trump Inauguration ONLY If She Can Sing Song About Lynching Blacks,"British pop singer Rebecca Ferguson, daughter of a white British woman and Jamaican father, says she has been invited to perform at Donald Trump s inauguration, but her response may not be the RSVP the President-elect s team were expecting.The former UK X-Factor runner-up said she would only accept the invitation on the condition that she could perform  Strange Fruit    a song protesting racism in 1930s America, made famous by Billie Holiday.The lyrics, written in the 1930s by Jewish communist Abel Meeropol, were composed as a protest poem to highlight endemic racism in America s southern states.The song s opening lyrics deal with lynching, which was still happening in parts of the country at the time: Southern trees bear strange fruit // Blood on the leaves and blood at the root // Black bodies swinging in the southern breeze // Strange fruit hanging from the poplar trees.According to Billie Holiday s Estate, Holiday regularly performed the song at live performances in 1939. Her record label, Columbia, refused to let her record the song under their name, so they granted her a one-session contractual release that gave Holiday clearance to independently record the track.Later that year, the album featuring  Strange Fruit  sold a million copies, becoming Holiday s biggest-selling record at the time. In 1978, the single was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame.  Last month, The Beach Boys told CNN that the group has been contacted about performing, but that  no decision has been made at this point as to how or whether they will participate. The so-called ""A"" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2016-CNN",0
19360,SHOCKING AUDIO RELEASED Of John Kerry Discussing Obama Allowing The Rise of ISIS To Help Regime Change In Syria,"WHAT S WORSE IS THE SECOND LONGER VERSION OF THE AUDIO WHERE KERRY SPILLS THE BEANS ON HOW THE END GOAL OF CREATING ISIS WAS TO CAUSE REGIME CHANGE IN SYRIA BUT THEY DIDN T COUNT ON RUSSIA GETTING INVOLVED. LANGUAGE ALERT BELOW BUT WORTH IT:DISGRACE!John Kerry says the problem with Syria is that young Americans don t want 2 die anymore Secret Audio John Kerry Behind Closed Doors pic.twitter.com/0K4fvLuaUT  TRUMP ANOMALY (@ANOMALY1) January 3, 2017AT THE 30:00 MARK IS WHERE KERRY TALKS ABOUT SENDING AMERICANS IN TO FIGHT:THREE OBJECTIVES ARE REVEALED:They didn t count on Assad turning to Russia for help And now you know the rest of the story Read more: CT ",0
19361,BREAKING: FORD CEO CITES TRUMP In Announcement To Scrap $1.6 Billion Mexico Plant…Will Invest In MI Instead [VIDEO]," The Government-Orchestrated Bankruptcies Of General Motors And Chrysler Led To Tens Of Thousands Of Direct Factory, Supplier And Other Related Job Cuts.   While government influence at decade s end helped Detroit recover financially, the government-orchestrated bankruptcies of General Motors and Chrysler led to tens of thousands of direct factory, supplier and other related job cuts. The primary benefit of the U.S. industry restructuring for employment has been the balance of jobs saved rather than jobs created.  (John Crawley,  Analysis: Obama Seeks Lift From Detroit Auto Jobs,  Reuters, 1/12/12)TARP Inspector General: Tens Of Thousands Of Jobs Were Lost Due To Hasty Factory Closings.  The report by Neil M. Barofsky, the special inspector general for the Troubled Asset Relief Program of the Treasury Department, said both carmakers needed to shut down some underperforming dealerships. But it questioned whether the cuts should have been made so quickly, particularly during a recession. The report, released on Sunday, estimated that tens of thousands of jobs were lost as a result.  (Nick Bunkley,  TARP Audit Questions Rush To Close Auto Dealers,  The New York Times, 7/18/10)Ford Motor Company announced Tuesday it will cancel a $1.6 billion plant planned for Mexico and will instead invest $700 million in a Michigan assembly plant, directly tying the decision to  pro-growth policies  championed by President-elect Donald Trump.Trump had previously been critical of Ford s plans to build in Mexico. After the announcement, Trump tweeted a link to a story about the Ford decision and then added in a subsequent message:  Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world s great magnet for INNOVATION & JOB CREATION. We re doing this decision based on what s right for our business,  Ford CEO Mark Fields told Neil Cavuto on Fox Business Network.  As we think about the investments here in Michigan, as you can imagine, Neil, we look at a lot of factors as we make those. One of the factors that we re looking at is a more positive U.S. manufacturing business environment under President-elect Trump and some of the pro-growth policies he said he s going to pursue. And so this is a vote of confidence.   FOX News",0
19362,"BREAKING: FORD ANNOUNCES $700 Million U.S. Investment…Jobs, Jobs, Jobs! [VIDEO]", ,0
19363,"BUH-BYE MEGYN…The Woman Who Miscalculated Her Power With Viewers Is Leaving FOX To Join Liberal, Anti-Trump NBC","Megyn Kelly, who arrived at Fox News 12 years ago as a television news neophyte but rose to become one of its two biggest stars, has decided to leave the network to take on a broad new role at NBC News for an undisclosed amount, people briefed on the negotiations said on Tuesday.The NBC News chairman, Andrew Lack, wooed Ms. Kelly away from Fox News by offering her a triple role in which she will host her own daytime news and discussion program, anchor an in-depth Sunday night news show and take regular part in the network s special political programming and other big-event coverage.The move will herald a seismic shift in the cable news landscape, where Ms. Kelly had become the second-most watched host   after Bill O Reilly of Fox News   and often helped define the national political debate, especially over the last year as Donald J. Trump regularly attacked her, at times in viciously personal terms.Fox News s parent company, 21st Century Fox, which is controlled by the family of Rupert Murdoch, had offered Ms. Kelly more than $20 million a year to stay after her current contract expires this year. Rival networks seeking to hire Ms. Kelly away, including NBC News, had made it clear that they could not match that money from Fox, the cable news leader for the last 15 years running.Ms. Kelly s contract is not officially up until the summer, and it was unclear whether Fox News would refuse to release her from any contractual commitments that might delay her start at a rival.The Sunday night program, which is yet to be named, would provide Ms. Kelly with a continued hand in hard news. And she would be in the mix on NBC News during major political coverage.For entire story: NYT s",0
19364,TRUMP TWEET STORM On Obamacare Sets Up Battle with Democrats On “Lousy Healthcare” [Video],Remember when Pelosi said it s  AFFORDABLE : ,0
19365,VALERIE JARRETT CLAIMS OBAMA’S Presidency Was “Scandal-Free”…Here’s A LIST Of Obama’s Top Scandals That Prove She’s Lying [VIDEO]," The president prides himself on the fact that his administration hasn t had a scandal and he hasn t done something to embarrass himself,  Jarrett said in an interview broadcast on CNN Sunday.The aide, also a close friend of Obama and his wife, Michelle, credited the first couple with being good people and getting good results. That s because that s who he is   that s who they are   and I think that s what really resonates with the American people,  Jarrett said.Critics of the Obama administration said Jarrett was trying to rewrite history.  NYPThe great  stimulus  heist: Obama seems to think nobody will remember he grabbed almost a trillion dollars for  stimulus  spending, created virtually zero private-sector jobs with it, allowed a great deal of the money to vanish into thin air, and spent the rest of his presidency complaining that he needed hundreds of billions more to repair roads and bridges.Vast sums of taxpayer money were wasted on foolish projects that came close to the Keynesian economic satire of hiring some people to dig holes, and others to fill them in. Obama added insult to injury by appointing Vice President Joe Biden as the  sheriff  who would supposedly find all that missing stimulus loot.Operation Fast and Furious: Obama partisans seem to think any given example of abuse or ineptitude by their man stopped being a  scandal  the moment it seemed clear he wouldn t be impeached over it. Operation Fast and Furious, the Obama administration s insane program to use American gun dealers and straw purchasers to arm Mexican drug lords, is a scandal with a huge body count, prominently including Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry and Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agent Jamie Zapata, plus hundreds of Mexican citizens. Agent Terry s family certainly thinks it qualifies as a scandal.Sheriff Paul Babeu implicates Eric Holder and the Obama Justice Department as accomplices in the crimes involving weapons used in the  Fast and Furious  scandal:It is difficult to imagine any Republican administration surviving anything remotely close to Fast and Furious. The media would have dogged a Republican president without respite, especially when it became clear his Attorney General was putting political spin ahead of accountability and the safety of the American people.Remember, AG Eric Holder escaped perjury charges by claiming he didn t know what his own subordinates were doing   a pioneering, but sadly not unique, example of an Obama official using his or her incompetence as a defense.Eric Holder held in contempt of Congress: This was a result of Operation Fast and Furious, but it merits distinction as a separate scandal in its own right. Holder was the first sitting member of a president s cabinet in the history of the United States to be held in contempt of Congress.ObamaCare: Everything about ObamaCare is a scandal, from the President s incessant lies about keeping your old plan if you liked it, to Rep. Nancy Pelosi s  we need to pass it to find out what s in it  dereliction of Congressional duty.ObamaCare is a scam, pure and simple   sold on false pretenses by people who knew it wasn t going to work the way they promised. It doesn t feel right to dismiss it as a  failed  scheme when so much of the failure was intentional. The bill was so sloppily crafted that Democrats were basically signing blank sheets of paper when they rushed it through Congress in a foul-smelling cloud of back-room deals. ObamaCare s designers precipitated a constitutional crisis by forgetting they left in a provision to cut subsidies for states that didn t set up health-care exchanges   a provision that would have killed the entire program stone-dead two years ago, if it had been enforced as written.The Supreme Court rewrote ObamaCare on the fly twice to keep it alive, which is a scandal in and of itself. President Obama delayed and rewrote the law so often it was impossible to keep track of the changes, cutting Congress out of the loop completely. (Actually, someone did keep careful track of them, and the tally was up to 70 distinct changes by January 2016.)That made some of Obama s rewritten mandates and deadlines blatantly illegal   but then, the Affordable Care Act isn t really a  law  in the sense American government understood the term. In practice it became something entirely new, an enabling act that gave the executive unlimited power to do whatever it thought necessary to keep the system running. If subverting the American system of government isn t a scandal, what is?Spying on journalists: Establishment media came about as close to falling out of love with Barack Obama as ever when his administration was caught spying on journalists.The IRS scandal: The selective targeting of conservative groups by a politicized Internal Revenue Service was a scandal grenade Democrats and their media pals somehow managed to smother, even though the story began with the IRS admitting wrongdoing.Founder of non-partisan True The Vote group Catherine Engelbrecht gives gut-wrenching testimony to Congress about being being preyed upon by the IRS and other government agencies.https://youtu.be/db21AQu30XwDemocrats suffocated the scandal by acting like circus clowns during congressional hearings, but at no point were the actual facts of the case truly obscured: yes, pro-life and Tea Party groups were deliberately targeted for extra scrutiny, their tax exemption applications outrageously delayed until after the 2012 election without actually being refused. If anything remotely comparable had been done to, say, environmentalist and minority activist groups by the IRS under a Republican administration, the results would have been apocalyptic.The House voted to hold former IRS official Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress and to instruct the Justice Department to probe her for criminal charges.Benghazi: This is the clearest example of Obama and his supporters thinking all of his pre-2012 scandals ceased to exist the moment he won re-election. Benghazi has been investigated extensively, and argued about passionately, since the night of September 11, 2012. Nothing can change the absolute fact that the Obama administration s story for the first few weeks after the attack was false, and they knew it was false. They spun a phony story to buy themselves a little time during a presidential election campaign, and it worked.Watch Hillary lie and blame the cause of the Benghazi attack on our US Consulate on  an awful youtube video : Iran nuclear deal and ransom payment: Everything about Obama s dealings with Iran has been scandalous, beginning with his silence while the Green Revolution was brutally put down by the mullahs in 2009. The Iran nuclear deal was pushed with lies and media manipulation. The infamous pallet of cash that wasn t a ransom has become symbolic of Obama s mendacity and penchant for breaking the rules, when he thinks following them is too much trouble.Watch Obama try to explain his way out of makingBowe Bergdahl: Bergdahl s ultimate fate rests in the hands of a military court (unless Obama pardons him) but no verdict can erase the scandalous way this administration conducted the prisoner swap that freed him from the Taliban and its allies. Many lies were told, the law was flouted, a deal of questionable wisdom was struck with his captors, and outraged Americans demanded recognition for the soldiers who died searching for Bergdahl after he abandoned his post.Polluting the Colorado river: The Environmental Protection Agency managed to turn the Colorado River orange under this greenest of green Presidents. Of course there was a cover-up. Would you expect anything less from this  transparent  administration?",0
19366,"TRUMP KICKS Pro-Amnesty, Globalist Koch Brother And “Author” Friend Off His West Palm Beach Golf Course","President-elect Donald Trump told a critical biographer and guest of billionaire David Koch to leave his West Palm Beach golf course on New Year s Eve, forcing Koch to leave with him.Trump s gesture was another slight against the pro-amnesty, pro- free trade  billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch, who opposed Trump during the Republican primary season and refused to help him during the general election. It also signals Trump will not necessarily play nice with the GOP political establishment and Beltway right.The Kochs swooped in during the Tea Party revolt in 2010, training amateur political activists and trying to channel populist energy against the Obama administration into supporting the progressive-business alliance that wanted more cheap labor and lesser sentences for drug traffickers, under the umbrella term of  smaller government. But the  grassroots army  was not controllable,  as one former Koch staffer lamented, and the Kochs appeared curiously unwilling to make any concessions to Americans who wanted populist, nationalist policies, and relief from the relentlessly eroding forces of mass immigration and globalization. A majority of voters  some of whom saw more demographic change take place in their communities than many countries saw in a millennia want immigration slashed in half or reduced to zero. Trump captured that energy and it propelled him to the White House, much to the Kochs  and their network s chagrin.The Kochs wanted candidates amenable to their will, and Trump didn t fit the bill. They considered him a distraction before he rocketed to first in the polls, and even toyed with the idea of spending tens of millions of dollars to attack him.Trump mocked the Kochs while on the campaign trail, calling their preferred candidates  puppets  enacting their donors  agenda:I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 30, 2016Koch s guest: Harry Hurt III, who authored the 1993 book, Lost Tycoon: The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump, which stated Ivana Trump accused her ex-husband of  raping  her in a sworn deposition during their divorce.Accusing Trump of  raping  his ex wife, Ivana Trump, was a false media accusation arising early in the Republican primaries and a weapon the Democratic Party planned to use in the general election after Fox News  Megyn Kelly and the Daily Beast  rushed it on air  and into print, using Hurt s book, before bothering to check with Ivana about its truth.It backfired spectacularly when Ivana slammed the allegations and endorsed her ex-husband for president.  I have recently read some comments attributed to me from nearly 30 years ago at a time of very high tension during my divorce from Donald. The story is totally without merit,  she said in a July 2015 statement.  Donald and I are the best of friends and together have raised three children that we love and are very proud of. I have nothing but fondness for Donald and wish him the best of luck on his campaign. Incidentally, I think he would make an incredible president.   BreitbartHere s an interview with Charles Koch where he won t say if he will or will not vote for Hillary:https://twitter.com/AuditTheMedia/status/759545802326888452",0
19367,HOLLYWOOD HYPOCRITES: These Lefty Celebs Play For Brutal Dictators But Not For Trump,"J-Lo was sorry. She didn t mean to sing  Happy Birthday  to someone accused of grave human rights abuses.That s what she did when she serenaded Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedow, president of Turkmenistan, over the summer.Turkmenistan is known as one of the  world s most repressive countries,  according to Human Rights Watch. The former Soviet bloc country is regularly criticized for its poor treatment of women, the condition of its prisons as well as the intimidation of journalists.But J-Lo didn t know any of that, and if she had, says her rep, she wouldn t have accepted $1.5 million for the pleasure of singing to its head of state. Via: prl As our childish and biased media chuckles at President-elect Donald Trump s inability to attract some big name stars to perform at his upcoming inauguration celebration, there is a vital part of the story this very same media does not want to tell. The inconvenient part about how a number of these rich and famous celebrities, many of them Obama and Hillary supporters, have willingly performed in the past for murderous dictators, human rights abusers, and Russian gangsters.RELATED: 9 CELEBS WHO PLAYED FOR EVIL FOREIGN TYRANTSDid you know that Beyonc , who has performed live for both President Obama and Hillary Clinton, has also performed for the family of Libya s murderous dictator, the late-Muammar el-Qaddafi? For a fat seven-figure paycheck on New Year s Eve 2009, Bey belted out her hits for the Qaddafis at a lavish, champagne-soaked party. Also in attendance, her husband Jay-Z, hip-hop kingpin Russell Simmons, Usher, and Jon Bon Jovi.Read more: The Daily Wire",0
19368,"YES, Obama CAN Appoint A Supreme Court Justice Before He Leaves…But Will He?","The President who has thumbed his nose at our US Constitution, and clearly has no respect for our rule of law, has the ability to appoint a Supreme Court Justice before he vacates the White House, but will he? In those few moments the Senate will go into what s known as an  intersession recess,  creating one golden moment when the president could test his recess-appointment powers by sending Judge Garland to the high court.A smattering of activists has asked him to give it a try, but Mr. Obama has given no indication that he s thinking about it. The White House didn t respond to a request for comment for this story.The move would be a legal gamble under the high court s last ruling in 2014 on recess appointments. That 9-0 decision overturned a handful of Mr. Obama s early 2012 picks, saying the Senate was actually in session when the president acted, so he couldn t use his powers.That ruling also said, however, that there s a difference between appointments made during the annual yearlong session of Congress, dubbed  intrasession,  which Mr. Obama used in 2012, and picks made at the end of the year, after Congress adjourns, which are known as  intersession. William G. Ross, a law professor at Samford University in Birmingham, Alabama, said Mr. Obama would have the power to elevate Judge Garland. But he said it would be  politically unwise and damaging to the prestige of the court. The consensus, though, is that Mr. Obama would be making a mistake to test it that theory. I think it s fair to use the word stretch. I don t know why he would try this. It would backfire,  said Louis Fisher, a scholar in residence at the Constitution Project who served for decades as Congress  top expert on separation-of-powers issues.He said Mr. Obama s 9-0 loss in the 2014 case should still be stinging someone who earned his law degree from Harvard University and taught constitutional law at the University of Chicago. Does he want to go down that road again?  Mr. Fisher said. Perhaps most problematic for Mr. Obama is that recess appointments have a shelf life. Even if he succeeds in putting Judge Garland on the bench, the appointment would expire at the close of 2017   and could end even earlier if the Senate confirms a full-fledged replacement named by Mr. Trump.Worse yet for Mr. Obama, Judge Garland would lose his seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit   oftentimes dubbed the second-most powerful court in the country. That means the president would be trading a lifetime of Judge Garland for less than a year of Justice Garland. Since Garland could serve only a year, he presumably would accomplish little and his service would be clouded by the strange and controversial circumstances of his appointment,  said Mr. Ross, the law professor.For entire story  Washington Times",0
19369,"TAKE IT DOWN! BLM Supporter, Dem Congressman Hangs COP-HATING, Race-Baiting Art-Work In U.S. Capitol Building","A piece of art depicting cops as animals that are killing minorities that has no business hanging in our US Capitol building Artistic expression, or one congressman s political statement masquerading as  student art? A very offensive depiction of police hands in the U.S. Capitol complex, and Missouri Rep. William Lacy Clay is drawing heat for placing it there.For several months the painting, called  Untitled #1,  has hung in the House building connecting hall, depicting police as animals seemingly engaged in the act of brutalizing minorities.  BPRIn February 2015, Democratic Congressman Clay suggested that prosecutors are responsible for fixing outcome of racially charged cases that involve cops when he claimed that in Ferguson and in Garner s death  we saw an all-too-familiar pattern of local prosecutors who work hand-in-hand with police every day, essentially prewiring the grand jury process to produce a known outcome. In a released statement, Clay said,  Members of Congress support student art competitions in our districts but we do not select the young artists and we do not judge the artwork. I had no role in selecting the winner of this student art competition and I would never attempt to approve or disapprove artistic expression. The U.S. Capitol is a symbol of freedom, not censorship. The young artist chose his own subject and the painting will not be removed. He also told the St. Louis Post Dispatch that the painting was  the most creative expression that I ve witnessed in the last 16 years. Take it down,  Bolling said, telling viewers to  call your congressman or call Lacy Clay s office. TAKE IT DOWN! Anti-cop crap must stop. This ""art"" hangs in US Capitol-Contact Rep Lacy Clay (D-MO) demand it removed https://t.co/bXmi3zeI6n  Eric Bolling (@ericbolling) December 31, 2016Joe Patterson, president of the St. Louis County Police Association, said that  we are not about censorship, but good art and good taste are sometimes not the same thing. This is an extraordinarily disrespectful piece at a minimum,  he said. We in the law enforcement community have been continuing to work to build bridges and come to a better understanding with our minority community and then we have irresponsible leadership from elected officials pouring gasoline on bridges haven t even finished being built yet,  Patterson said of Clay.  He s picking at these wounds that we re trying to heal. When the winning piece was chosen last spring, Clay told the St. Louis American that he considered it  the most creative expression that I ve witnessed in the last 16 years  of the competition.  SLPD ",0
19370,DISGUSTING! USA TODAY Video Suggests “Trump Era” Will Make Traveling Unsafe…Rebuttal Video Already Out! [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dsDdBqF828,0
19371,"ARE ANGRY LEFTISTS Planning Violent Communist Revolution?…“It is their goal to “block, obstruct, disrupt” Trump’s Inauguration","Author Ed Klein told Pete Hegseth on Fox and Friends Weekend that Barack Obama is setting up a shadow government in Washington DC to undermine President Trump after Inauguration Day. Does Obama have plans to work with the underbelly of the Democrat Party to disrupt Trump s term as President?But could the left really attempt a violent revolution to overthrow the U.S. government and overturn the American way of life?Not only could they, but they will try, according to Douglas V. Gibbs, who has appeared as a commentator on Fox News and is a radio talk-show host in Los Angeles.And it won t be a liberal revolution. It will be a communist revolution.That s the prediction Gibbs made in an article published Friday in the Canada Free Press titled,  Democrats Prepare for Violent Revolution. Examining the evidence, he concludes a revolution attempt is not necessarily imminent, but that it will happen, once various pieces fall into place.Gibbs declared,  They are in full preparation for social and economic collapse, or a violent revolution. He cites the website DisruptJ20 and its  Call for a bold mobilization against the inauguration of Donald Trump on January 20, 2017. Gibbs quotes Michael Moore explaining,  It is their goal to  block, obstruct, disrupt, and do whatever they can to prevent the onslaught that is going to happen with Donald Trump. .It is Gibbs  contention that,  The liberal leftists want desperately to sabotage the Trump administration, and possibly overthrow the entire government. For their socialist big government agenda, the ends justifies the means. Why now?Because, he explained,  [U]nder Obama, the veil was raised. Why worry about exposure now? They ve been poking the right-of-center groups in the chest for years, trying to instigate a violent response, and they never got it. Now,  he continued,  they may be realizing, it is up to them to initiate the violence. It is up to the leftists to finally launch the true coup. Or, at least that is what a lot of people think. Evidence that could support his theory is not hard to come by, as the left is becoming increasingly violent.During the 2016 presidential campaign, leftist riots broke out in cities across the country, the worst perhaps in San Jose, California, and in Chicago.WND reported assassination threats against Trump accompanied the nationwide rioting.Often-violent anti-Trump protests broke out in cities including Los Angeles, New York, Philadelphia, Denver, Minneapolis, Baltimore, Seattle, Tampa, Dallas and Oakland, California.In Chicago, a video showed a mob of young black men beating and dragging through the streets a white man who voted for Trump.Portland, Oregon police termed a protest a riot after  anarchists  threw objects at officers, vandalized local businesses and damaged cars.Some 1,000 protesters in Oakland broke store windows, left graffiti on buildings and threw M-80 firecrackers, Molotov cocktails and bottles at police officers, authorities told CNN.And that s only the beginning, if Gibbs is right.He suggests the left will inevitably move on to more violence following the election of Trump, because  the realization that the Democrats are losing grip on their transformational agenda in the rest of the country has slammed the leftists square in the face. Gibbs asserts the leftists  hate any opposition, and are willing to do whatever it takes to either win over their opposition, or silence and eliminate their opposition. The next step by the left, according to Gibbs, is the stockpiling of arms. Now, it s the liberals who are suddenly worried, and stockpiling food, guns, and emergency supplies,  he observed.  Trump s 2016 win was a wake-up call. Their cheating, lying and violence was not enough to stop the man, and his very unorthodox approach to politics. Gibbs sees the left s hysteria as now having gone beyond insanity, marking a transition to violent anger.He believes the hysteria arose because the left they thought they had finally defeated the right permanently with the election of Obama, and that the election of Hillary Clinton would seal the deal. They only needed, now, to disarm the crazy right-wing bastards,  wrote Gibbs.  Then, with a faint whimper, the last of the opposition to the liberal left agenda would be gone. It seemed to them a near-certainty, but when it all came crashing down on Nov. 8, it was a disorienting  shock to the system. Nobody on the left side of the aisle expected that Trump had a snowball s chance in Hell to win the 2016 Election. All of their skewed poll numbers said Hillary was going to win. Gibbs portrayed the left as in a state similar to post-traumatic stress disorder.For entire story: WND ",0
19372,CHECK OUT TRUMP’S HILARIOUS New Years Eve Tweet To His “Many enemies”,"Whether they like it or not, Trump continues to embrace the haters on both the left and the right. Will he kill them with kindness, or will he trigger an avalanche with all of the butt-hurt snowflakes?Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 31, 2016",0
19373,"BREAKING: Federal Judge STOPS Obamacare Transgender, Abortion Related Protections","O Connor found that the plaintiffs had standing to bring the lawsuit because they  have presented concrete evidence to support their fears that they will be subject to enforcement under the Rule. WASHINGTON   A federal judge in Texas on Saturday issued a nationwide injunction halting enforcement of Obama administration protections for transgender and abortion-related healthcare services just one day before they were due to go into effect. The lawsuit   brought by Texas, a handful of other states, and some religiously affiliated nonprofit medical groups   challenges a regulation implementing the sex nondiscrimination requirement found in the Affordable Care Act (ACA). The Health and Human Services (HHS) regulation  forbids discriminating on the basis of  gender identity  and  termination of pregnancy  under Obamacare, as US District Court Judge Reed O Connor wrote in his opinion halting enforcement of those provisions in the rule.Specifically, the ACA provision   Section 1557   prohibits discrimination in federally-funded health benefits, including based on sex. Over the course of 2015 and this year, HHS proposed and finalized a regulation interpreting the definition of  sex  in that provisions to include  gender identity    defined as  internal sense of gender, which may be male, female, neither, or a combination of male and female    as well as  sex stereotyping  and  termination of pregnancy. Explaining the lawsuit, O Connor wrote,  Plaintiffs claim the Rule s interpretation of sex discrimination pressures doctors to deliver healthcare in a manner that violates their religious freedom and thwarts their independent medical judgment and will require burdensome changes to their health insurance plans on January 1, 2017.  The states and nonprofits in the healthcare lawsuit allege that the regulation violates the Administrative Procedure Act (APA)   which sets the rules for federal government rule-making   and the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA). O Connor found that the plaintiffs had standing to bring the lawsuit because they  have presented concrete evidence to support their fears that they will be subject to enforcement under the Rule.  The White House defended the administration s policies on Saturday night.Read more: Buzzfeed",0
19374,BOOM! TOMI LAHREN’S Top Tips For Liberals In 2017 [VIDEO], ,0
19375,LIBERALS SEE THE LIGHT! HuffPo Columnist LETS IT RIP On The Obama “Destruction” Of The Democrats [Video], ,0
19376,BREAKING: DEMOCRAT Makes Shocking Statement Regarding DNC Pick Keith Ellison [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IioEIUmawRo,0
19377,SHERIFF CLARKE Destroys Idiocy Of Gun Control In Democrat Ghetto Hell-Holes Like BLOOD-SOAKED CHICAGO,"As usual Milwaukee s outspoken Sheriff David Clarke nails it Chicago has plunged ever further into chaos as gang violence gripped the city for yet another weekend.Under the rule of Democratic Mayor Rahm Emanuel, the city has seen some of its worst violence in over two decades. There have been more than 750 shooting deaths in 2016 alone. Over the Christmas weekend, 50 people were shot, and 12 were killed   double the number from last year. Gang violence accounts for most of the killings   nearly 90%   and the perpetrators all had long criminal histories. Most are  targeted attacks  between rival gangs, according to Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson. During his press conference on Monday, Johnson said they recovered 45 guns from the streets over the holiday weekend.These guns didn t come from law-abiding Chicagoans who face some of the strictest gun laws in the country, but from hardened criminals who don t obey laws. Johnson knows that stricter gun laws never stops violence:  These gun offenders have repeatedly shown us that they re not going to play by society s rules. So, he s calling for tougher penalties for repeat gun offenders. It s painfully obvious more gun laws will do nothing.It s time Democrat ghetto hellholes like Chicago pay attention to what s happening in their pro-gun controlled cities instead of learning the hard way that criminals don t care what laws are on the books. It s never acceptable to take away the rights of good people to offer the illusion of safety. Crack down on crime, make the punishments severe, and allow law-abiding citizens protect themselves. Via: Patheos",0
19378,MEXICAN ILLEGAL ALIEN DEPORTED 19 Times Arrested For Raping 13 Yr Old Girl In Kansas,"BUILD THAT WALL [ ] And when Mexico sends its people, they re not sending their best. They re not sending you. They re not sending you. They re sending people that have lots of problems, and they re bringing those problems with us. They re bringing drugs. They re bringing crime. They re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people. ~ Donald Trump June 17th 2015WICHITA, Kan. (AP)   A Mexican man accused of raping a 13-year-old girl on a Greyhound bus that traveled through Kansas had been deported 10 times and voluntarily removed from the U.S. another nine times since 2003, records obtained by The Associated Press show.Court filings show Martinez-Maldonado has two misdemeanor convictions for entering without legal permission in cases prosecuted in 2013 and 2015 in U.S. District Court of Arizona, where he was sentenced to serve 60 days and 165 days respectively.For entire story: Conservative Treehouse",0
19379,CLINTON’S BEG For Cash As Foundation’s Ability To Peddle Influence Has Been Undermined By Trump And Russian Hackers…LOL!,"It s too bad the darn Russians and President-elect Trump, who the media insisted would never win the election, are having such a negative impact on such an upstanding charity The foundation has already started reaching out to donors to ask for money, the New York Post reports. Clinton Foundation chairman Bruce Lindsey announced in an email to supporters Wednesday that former President Bill Clinton would personally match donations up to $200,000 before the end of the year. As we prepare for a new year, President Clinton and Chelsea remain dedicated to our work providing everyone a chance to succeed,  Lindsey wrote in the email.  Your contribution before the end of the year is so important that President Clinton is personally TRIPLING every gift to the Foundation, up to $200,000. Interestingly, Hillary s name is nowhere to be found.The FBI is still investigating the Clinton Foundation for corruption and money laundering. It was a hot topic during the presidential race; Donald Trump repeatedly described the foundation as a  criminal enterprise.  Emails published by WikiLeaks exposed questionable behavior at the foundation, such as the Qatari government presenting Bill Clinton with a $1 million check for his birthday.In the email to foundation supporters, Lindsey dismissed allegations of wrongdoing, describing the foundation as a  force for good in this world. We ll see in the coming months and years if the foundation s sketchy donors were truly committing to  saving the world,  or if they just saw the foundation as an easy way to purchase influence and access to power.  Heat Street",0
19380,"BAD NEWS FOR OBAMA, Black Lives Matter Terror Group: New Gallop Poll Shows Love For Police Officers Surged In 2016…Near All-Time High","The insatiable 24/7 news cycle   bolstered by cellphones, body cameras and a ubiquitous social media   fed us grainy, sketchy videos of police shooting citizens and citizens shooting police in never-ending Mobius loops. From this year s media coverage, you d think police-citizen relations were at a low not seen since the civil unrest of the  60s and  70s   an era with its own turmoil.  Seventy-six percent of Americans have  a great deal  of respect for police   up 12 percent from last year  Among conservatives   85 percent respect police  a great deal  compared to 69 percent last year  Among liberals,  a great deal  was selected by 71 percent, compared to 50 percent last year  Whites who respect police a great deal rose 11 points   up to 80 percent from 69 percent last year  Among nonwhites, the rise was more dramatic   up 14 points from 53 percent to 67 percent  The 18-34 age group had the highest jump, going from 50 percent in 2015 to 69 percent in 2016  The 35-54 group went from 61 percent to 77 percent   a 16 percent increase  The 55-and-older crowd rose 4 percent   from 77 percent to 81 percentGallup has asked this question nine times since 1965. A solid majority of Americans have said they respect their local law enforcement in all the polls. The percentage who say they respect the police is significantly higher now than in any measurement taken since the 1990s and is just 1 point below the high of 77 percent recorded in 1967.This is great news for police and citizens, which is probably one reason it gets little to no news or social media coverage. It means police-citizen relations aren t controlled by what the media chooses to publicize to garner revenue or popularity.  adn.comThe war on cops that was started by Barack Obama, his former AG Eric Holder and Al Sharpton created a massive racial divide in our nation. The most serious result of Obama s war on cops was the creation of the Black Lives Matter terror group that incited so much hate for cops that it inspired the killing of innocent cops across America. Here are 4 inconvenient facts you need to know about cops killing blacks thanks to the superb research of Heather MacDonald:1. Cops killed nearly twice as many whites as blacks in 2015. According to data compiled by The Washington Post, 50 percent of the victims of fatal police shootings were white, while 26 percent were black. The majority of these victims had a gun or  were armed or otherwise threatening the officer with potentially lethal force,  according to Mac Donald in a speech at Hillsdale College.2. More whites and Hispanics die from police homicides than blacks. According to Mac Donald, 12 percent of white and Hispanic homicide deaths were due to police officers, while only four percent of black homicide deaths were the result of police officers.3. Black and Hispanic police officers are more likely to fire a gun at blacks than white officers. This is according to a Department of Justice report in 2015 about the Philadelphia Police Department, and is further confirmed that by a study conducted University of Pennsylvania criminologist Greg Ridgeway in 2015 that determined black cops were 3.3 times more likely to fire a gun than other cops at a crime scene.4. Blacks are more likely to kill cops than be killed by cops. This is according to FBI data, which also found that 40 percent of cop killers are black. According to Mac Donald, the police officer is 18.5 times more likely to be killed by a black than a cop killing an unarmed black person.   Daily Wire ",0
19381,RUSSIA Mocks Sore Loser Obama For Trying To Destroy U.S.-Russian Relations Before Trump Takes Office [VIDEO],"President-elect Donald Trump said Thursday  it s time for our country to move on to bigger and better things  after the Obama administration issued sanctions against Russia for its alleged 2016 election hacking. It s time for our country to move on to bigger and better things,  Trump said in a written response released four hours after the announcement.  Nevertheless, in the interest of our country and its great people, I will meet with leaders of the intelligence community next week in order to be updated on the facts of this situation. The Obama administration announced sanctions against Russia s intelligence services, while ejecting dozens of intelligence operatives from the U.S. as part of a response to what it says are efforts by Moscow to influence the election.Using an executive order, President Obama sanctioned the GRU and the FSB   two of Russia s intelligence services as well as other entities and individuals associated with the GRU. The cybersecurity firm hired by the Democratic National Committee to investigate the hack of its emails earlier this year concluded the hacking came from the Fancy Bear group, believed to be affiliated with the GRU, Russia s military intelligence agency.In addition to the sanctions, the State Department has declared 35 Russian intelligence operatives  persona non grata  in the U.S., giving them 72 hours to leave, and is shutting down two Russian compounds in Maryland and New York.Russian President Vladimir Putin s spokesman said in response to the announcement that Moscow will consider retaliatory measures. We think that such steps by a U.S. administration that has three weeks left to work are aimed at two things: to further harm Russian-American ties, which are at a low point as it is, as well as, obviously, to deal a blow to the foreign policy plans of the incoming administration of the president-elect,  Dmitry Peskov told reporters in Moscow.The Russian Embassy in the UK took a different approach, tweeting out a picture of a lame duck and blasting what it called  Cold War deja vu. President Obama expels 35   diplomats in Cold War deja vu. As everybody, incl   people, will be glad to see the last of this hapless Adm. pic.twitter.com/mleqA16H8D  Russian Embassy, UK (@RussianEmbassy) December 29, 2016The Treasury Secretary meanwhile has named two individuals   Evgeniy Mikhailovich Bogachev and Aleksey Alekseyevich Belan   it says were involved in  malicious cyber-enabled activities. These actions follow repeated private and public warnings that we have issued to the Russian government, and are a necessary and appropriate response to efforts to harm U.S. interests in violation of established international norms of behavior,  Obama said in a statement.Obama also announced that the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI will release declassified information on Russian cyberactivity to help  identify, detect and Russia s global campaign of malicious cyber activities. Obama also said that the administration will be providing a report to Congress  in the coming days  about Russian attempts to interfere in the election, as well as previous election cycles.The president also hinted that his administration intends to do more to hold Russia accountable. These actions are not the sum total of our response to Russia s aggressive activities,  Obama said.  We will continue to take a variety of actions at a time and place of our choosing, some of which will not be publicized. U.S. intelligence services have concluded that the Russians interfered in the election to try and help President-elect Donald Trump win. Trump has dismissed the conclusions. Russia does not share America s interests. In fact, it has consistently sought to undermine them, sowing dangerous instability around the world. While today s action by the administration is overdue, it is an appropriate way to end eight years of failed policy with Russia,  Ryan said.Incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schemer, D-NY., also praised the move in a statement late Thursday.   FOX News",0
19382,"HIV POSITIVE, CRACK SMOKING, Liberal Actor Charlie Sheen Wishes Death On Donald Trump…Gets DESTROYED On Twitter","Less than one year ago, Charlie Sheen s ex-wife Denise Richards told reporters that their twin daughters are allegedly scared of him. Sisters Sam, 11, and Lola, 10, are reportedly scared to be alone with their father after an alleged string of abusive texts and threatening outbursts.Richards is suing Sheen for $1.2 million after he allegedly evicted her from the home Sheen left to their daughters, Sam, 11, and Lola, 10, in a trust.The suit filed last week alleges that Sheen once texted to Lola:  Your dad is a rock star genius . . . Your mom is a p s wart,  and that he called the girl a  [bleeping] pig whore  while yelling,  I m going to kill you and I m going to kill your mom. In November 2015, Sheen announced he was infected with HIV and had paid upwards of $10 million to keep it a secret.It s not that being infected with HIV is in and of itself a crime, but most people who would hide it while continuing to have sex would be in jail. But then again, Hollywood moonbats are not  most people  and like Hillary and other leftist politicians, they have special rules.In November 2015, The Daily Mail published a story about Sheen with this headline:You are a crack smoking, hooker buying, mentally enslaved moron with HIV. If anyone is on deaths door, it's you, Charlie. https://t.co/iWXmn6bcLC  Mark Dice (@MarkDice) December 29, 2016Keep it up. You are the reason why Trump won and you don't even realize it. Thanks for the Win!!  Howie (@DwhowardWayne) December 29, 2016no matter how bad life gets, I never actively root for someone to die. That is a truly evil soul.  Nick Paredes (@npthree) December 29, 2016 I defended ur ass through ur one of MANY breakdowns. Now ur just a piece of shit. You're living on a prayer Good luck ass!  Kristin Billitere (@SpecialKMB1969) December 29, 2016Trump is a deadly menace to this country & the world. I hope Death comes for him next.  Laura P   (@dsigningwmn) December 29, 2016@Me4Hillary throw in Pence and the rest of the cabinet and I forever promise to eat all my veggies  Neolib Sheetcake   (@vicsepulveda) December 29, 2016 ",0
19383,FEEL GOOD STORY OF THE DAY: Globalist Billionaire George Soros Melt Down…Calls Trump “Con Artist”…Says He Threatens “Open Society Model”," Says the guy who s been funding riots across America and dumping hundreds of millions into radical organizations meant to destroy America and our way of life.Soros, the Hungarian-born magnate who supported Hillary Clinton s candidacy as well as other liberal causes worldwide, says that the rise of Trump and his affinity for rulers like Russian President Vladimir Putin threaten the open society model championed by the European Union.  Democracy is now in crisis,  Soros writes in Project Syndicate.  Even the US, the world s leading democracy, elected a con artist and would-be dictator as its president. Although Trump has toned down his rhetoric since he was elected, he has changed neither his behavior nor his advisers. The US will be preoccupied with internal struggles in the near future, and targeted minorities will suffer,  according to Soros.  The US will be unable to protect and promote democracy in the rest of the world. On the contrary, Trump will have greater affinity with dictators. That will allow some of them to reach an accommodation with the US, and others to carry on without interference.   Trump will prefer making deals to defending principles. Unfortunately, that will be popular with his core constituency,  he writes.Soros writes that Putin helped Trump win the election by utilizing social media to disseminate fake news stories.He said that the Russian leader is now using the same tactic to undermine democratic governments throughout the EU.Since Trump s election win, Soros has contributed money to an international fact-checking organization that will warn readers on social media of stories whose veracity is deemed questionable.Click HERE for the list of 187 radical organizations funded by George Soros.Soros  organization, Open Society Foundation, is listed among organizations which are backing The International Fact Checking Network, the body tasked with flagging bogus news stories to social media users, on its website.Soros, a staunch Democrat who tried to block George W. Bush s campaign in 2004, has given $25million to Clinton and causes dear to her.Soros writes that he fears for the future of the free world, as populist movement threaten to upend the status quo.  I find the current moment in history very painful,  he writes.For entire story: Daily Mail",0
19384,PUBLIX Grocery Chain Directs All Stores To BLOCK National Enquirer Magazines With Trump On Cover [VIDEO],"Following a month-long series of National Enquirer covers featuring President-elect Donald Trump, the Florida-based Publix grocery chain has directed stores to block the cover of the National Enquirer with white plastic covers to shield allegedly offensive content.The store made the move after receiving customer complaints.Photos taken at a Central Florida Publix on December 28 show the public being protected from viewing the National Enquirer cover featuring the Trump family. The Enquirer is placed by Publix between other tabloids that do not have censor shields blocking their covers.Trump s name and photo was featured on the front page of the Enquirer on issues dated November 28, December 5, 12, 19, 26 in 2016 and the most recent issue dated January 2, 2017 that featured the Trump family on the cover. The publication dates are generally about a week-and-a-half ahead of the actual date the issue is released for sale.  GPThe cover-up by Public was first reported by WFTX-TV on December 21 after a tip by an outraged Trump supporter.Watch here:A Publix shopper turned to Four in Your Corner after seeing magazines with President-elect Donald Trump s picture being covered at the grocery store.He was shopping at the Publix on Del Prado Boulevard and Kismet Parkway in Cape Coral.  I lift it up and there was a picture of Donald Trump, the President-elect. I was like  Wow, really? I mean, what s next?'  Walter Indyk said.The white screen covers are usually for magazines with inappropriate language or pictures. I was flabbergasted. I was amazed. I couldn t believe it,  Indyk said.  I was like  This guy s going to be the President. They have the nerve to cover his picture up at the check out aisle?' I don t understand what is trying to be protected here,  Rachael McDonnell of Cape Coral said.  Whether everybody likes it or not, Trump is the President-elect. Indyk called the Manager, who he said told him they got a lot of complaints about having the magazine there, and it was a corporate-wide decision.Four in Your Corner reached out to Publix corporate office. A spokesperson said in a statement, in part: The National Enquirer receives the most customer complaints about front page content, so they were added to the list of magazines required to be covered, just last week. The National Enquirer has been sold at the checkout aisles of Publix for decades without being covered up until after Trump won the presidency on November 8 and was subsequently featured on the cover week after week.The Gateway Pundit s Florida Man Kristinn Taylor spoke with a Publix manager who acknowledged the controversy was instigated by complaining phone calls. The manager suggested Public could be pressured to reverse the decision by phone calls from those who disagree with the decision.   Gateway Pundit",0
19385,VACATIONING LAME-DUCK OBAMA Ready To Announce Sanctions Against Russia,"The Obama administration plans to announce on Thursday a series of retaliatory measures against Russia for hacking into U.S. political institutions and individuals and leaking information in an effort to help President-elect Donald Trump and other Republican candidates, two U.S. officials said on Wednesday.Both officials declined to specify what actions President Barack Obama has approved, but said targeted economic sanctions, indictments, leaking information to embarrass Russian officials or oligarchs, and restrictions on Russian diplomats in the United States are among steps that have been discussed.One decision that has been made, they said, speaking on the condition of anonymity, is to avoid any moves that exceed the Russian election hacking and risk an escalating cyber conflict that could spiral out of control. One example of an excessive step might be interfering with Russian internet messaging.Russia has repeatedly denied hacking accusations. Trump has dismissed the assessments of the U.S. intelligence community.Obama, in an interview earlier this month with NPR, said,  We need to take action and we will  against Russia for interfering in the U.S. election.Trump seemed to suggest the United States should not impose sanctions on Russia. I think we ought to get on with our lives,  Trump told reporters in Florida on Wednesday when asked about remarks by Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, who said Russia and President Vladimir Putin should expect tough sanctions for the cyber attacks.Russia s Foreign Ministry spokeswoman, Maria Zakharova, promised retaliation on Wednesday against Washington in the event of new economic sanctions.Jim Lewis, a cyber security expert with the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank, said further sanctions may be an effective U.S. tool in part because they would be difficult for Trump to roll back and because Russia  hates  dealing with them. For the rest of the world, it s like having  scumball  stamped on your forehead,  Lewis said.How to respond to the growing problem of cyber attacks carried out or sponsored by foreign powers has bedeviled Obama, whose eight years in office witnessed a torrent of major hacks against the U.S. government and private organizations that were attributed to China, North Korea, Iran and Russia.In past cases, administration officials have decided to publicly blame North Korea and indict members of China s military for hacking because they decided the net benefit of public shaming   and increased awareness brought to cyber security   outweighed potential risks.But determining an appropriate response to Russia s actions has proven more complicated in part because Russia s cyber capabilities are more advanced and due to fears about disrupting other geopolitical issues, such as the civil war in Syria.Obama may choose to invoke an April 2015 executive order that empowered him to levy sanctions in response to cyber attacks perpetrated by foreign groups targeting infrastructure, such as transportation, or done for economic purposes.Another option would be further economic sanctions against Russia. Washington has already sanctioned Russia over the past two years to punish Moscow for its role in annexing Crimea. But former U.S. officials say the existing measures leave Washington plenty of room to slap new, tougher sanction on Russia in response to cyber intrusions.  ReutersIn recent months, WikiLeaks and I personally have come under enormous pressure to stop publishing what the Clinton campaign says about itself to itself. That pressure has come from the campaign s allies, including the Obama administration, and from liberals who are anxious about who will be elected US President.On the eve of the election, it is important to restate why we have published what we have.The right to receive and impart true information is the guiding principle of WikiLeaks   an organization that has a staff and organizational mission far beyond myself. Our organization defends the public s right to be informed.This is why, irrespective of the outcome of the 2016 US Presidential election, the real victor is the US public which is better informed as a result of our work.The US public has thoroughly engaged with WikiLeaks  election related publications which number more than one hundred thousand documents. Millions of Americans have pored over the leaks and passed on their citations to each other and to us. It is an open model of journalism that gatekeepers are uncomfortable with, but which is perfectly harmonious with the First Amendment.We publish material given to us if it is of political, diplomatic, historical or ethical importance and which has not been published elsewhere. When we have material that fulfills this criteria, we publish. We had information that fit our editorial criteria which related to the Sanders and Clinton campaign (DNC Leaks) and the Clinton political campaign and Foundation (Podesta Emails). No-one disputes the public importance of these publications. It would be unconscionable for WikiLeaks to withhold such an archive from the public during an election.At the same time, we cannot publish what we do not have. To date, we have not received information on Donald Trump s campaign, or Jill Stein s campaign, or Gary Johnson s campaign or any of the other candidates that fufills our stated editorial criteria. As a result of publishing Clinton s cables and indexing her emails we are seen as domain experts on Clinton archives. So it is natural that Clinton sources come to us.We publish as fast as our resources will allow and as fast as the public can absorb it.That is our commitment to ourselves, to our sources, and to the public.This is not due to a personal desire to influence the outcome of the election. The Democratic and Republican candidates have both expressed hostility towards whistleblowers. I spoke at the launch of the campaign for Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate, because her platform addresses the need to protect them. This is an issue that is close to my heart because of the Obama administration s inhuman and degrading treatment of one of our alleged sources, Chelsea Manning. But WikiLeaks publications are not an attempt to get Jill Stein elected or to take revenge over Ms Manning s treatment either.Publishing is what we do. To withhold the publication of such information until after the election would have been to favour one of the candidates above the public s right to know.This is after all what happened when the New York Times withheld evidence of illegal mass surveillance of the US population for a year until after the 2004 election, denying the public a critical understanding of the incumbent president George W Bush, which probably secured his reelection. The current editor of the New York Times has distanced himself from that decision and rightly so.The US public defends free speech more passionately, but the First Amendment only truly lives through its repeated exercise. The First Amendment explicitly prevents the executive from attempting to restrict anyone s ability to speak and publish freely. The First Amendment does not privilege old media, with its corporate advertisers and dependencies on incumbent power factions, over WikiLeaks  model of scientific journalism or an individual s decision to inform their friends on social media. The First Amendment unapologetically nurtures the democratization of knowledge. With the Internet, it has reached its full potential.Yet, some weeks ago, in a tactic reminiscent of Senator McCarthy and the red scare, Wikileaks, Green Party candidate Stein, Glenn Greenwald and Clinton s main opponent were painted with a broad, red brush. The Clinton campaign, when they were not spreading obvious untruths, pointed to unnamed sources or to speculative and vague statements from the intelligence community to suggest a nefarious allegiance with Russia. The campaign was unable to invoke evidence about our publications because none exists.In the end, those who have attempted to malign our groundbreaking work over the past four months seek to inhibit public understanding perhaps because it is embarrassing to them   a reason for censorship the First Amendment cannot tolerate. Only unsuccessfully do they try to claim that our publications are inaccurate.WikiLeaks  decade-long pristine record for authentication remains. Our key publications this round have even been proven through the cryptographic signatures of the companies they passed through, such as Google. It is not every day you can mathematically prove that your publications are perfect but this day is one of them.We have endured intense criticism, primarily from Clinton supporters, for our publications. Many long-term supporters have been frustrated because we have not addressed this criticism in a systematic way or responded to a number of false narratives about Wikileaks  motivation or sources. Ultimately, however, if WL reacted to every false claim, we would have to divert resources from our primary work.WikiLeaks, like all publishers, is ultimately accountable to its funders. Those funders are you. Our resources are entirely made up of contributions from the public and our book sales. This allows us to be principled, independent and free in a way no other influential media organization is. But it also means that we do not have the resources of CNN, MSNBC or the Clinton campaign to constantly rebuff criticism.Yet if the press obeys considerations above informing the public, we are no longer talking about a free press, and we are no longer talking about an informed public.Wikileaks remains committed to publishing information that informs the public, even if many, especially those in power, would prefer not to see it. WikiLeaks must publish. It must publish and be damned.",0
19386,ACTOR WHO BLEW THROUGH $150 Million Fortune Is Worried Playing Ronald Reagan In Positive Light For Upcoming Movie Could Ruin His Career,"LOL! If I was Cage s manager, I d suggest he shut his mouth and act.Think your money troubles are bad? Trying blowing through $150 million, going broke, then owing the IRS $13 million. Yes, we re talking about Oscar-winning actor Nicolas Cage.Forbes listed him as one of the highest-paid actors of all time. It s said he made $40 million in 2009 alone. That s a lot of money!Unfortunately, the fun was short-lived. As his income increased, so did his insane buying habits.By the time he reached his mid-forties (he s now 53), Nicolas Cage spent so much cash that he put the King of Arabia to shame. While he blamed his money manager for sending him  down a path toward financial ruin,  others say it was his crazy personal spending.  Finance BuzzFast forward to today, where Nicholas Cage has been offered the role of Ronald Reagan in an upcoming film, but is reportedly voicing his concerns about how the former president will be portrayed in the picture.The Oscar-winning actor is said to be worried that it might damage his career if he plays Reagan in a flattering light reports Page Six.Cage s publicist, Stephen Huvane, dismissed that report however, saying:  It s way too early in the development process. Little else is known about the film at this time, including the director, screenwriter or who else might star alongside Cage, should he accept the part.  Daily MailTypical Hollywood liberal lunacy defined ",0
19387,"OBAMA BRAGS About Hijacking 1.35 Million Acres In Utah, Nevada…Despite Opposition…Posts Wrong Picture Of Land","President Barack Obama designated two national monuments Wednesday at sites in Utah and Nevada that have become key flashpoints over use of public land in the U.S. West, marking the administration s latest move to protect environmentally sensitive areas in its final days.The Bears Ears National Monument in Utah will cover 1.35 million acres in the Four Corners region, the White House said. In a victory for Native American tribes and conservationists, the designation protects land that is considered sacred and is home to an estimated 100,000 archaeological sites, including ancient cliff dwellings.It s a blow for state Republican leaders and many rural residents who fear it will add another layer of unnecessary federal control and close the area to energy development and recreation, a common refrain in the battle over use of the American West s vast open spaces.In Nevada, a 300,000-acre Gold Butte National Monument outside Las Vegas would protect a scenic and ecologically fragile area near where rancher Cliven Bundy led in an armed standoff with government agents in 2014. It includes rock art, artifacts, rare fossils and recently discovered tracks. Today s actions will help protect this cultural legacy and will ensure that future generations are able to enjoy and appreciate these scenic and historic landscapes,  Obama said in a statement.His administration has rushed to safeguard vulnerable areas ahead of President-elect Donald Trump s inauguration. It has blocked new mining claims outside Yellowstone National Park and new oil drilling in the Arctic Ocean.Obama s creation and expansion of monuments covers more acreage than any other president.But Trump s upcoming presidency has tempered the excitement for tribal leaders and conservationists, with some worrying he could try to reverse or reduce some of Obama s expansive land protections.U.S. Rep. Rob Bishop of Utah, who opposes the Bears Ears Monument, has suggested presidents have the power to undo monuments, though it has not been done before.  FOX NewsBut instead of the picture actually reflecting the land hijacked to make the  national monument  he uses a pic of the wrong area, Arches National Park.As Jason Chaffetz noted, Obama didn t consult him or anyone else in Utah for their approval or their concerns about taking the land.The problem of the Federal government taking private and state land has exploded under Obama, and this is just the latest example.   Weasel Zippers",0
19388,LOL! WAIT Till You See Why The Race-Obsessed Left Is Attacking “Tyler Perry’s House Of Payne” Actor For Posting This Picture On Social Media,"A black actor s holiday photograph sparked a social media backlash over colorism   because some people thought a black woman with a dark complexion looked like she was being excluded from a group of lighter-skinned women.Actor and model Lance Gross, who is best known for his role on the TBS sitcom Tyler Perry s House of Payne, posted the holiday photo of himself and his wife Rebecca Jefferson and their seven friends to his Twitter.Everyone in the image is paired up, except for one woman who is sitting off to the side with a look of disinterest on her face.It sparked a fierce debate with some social media users quick to accuse Gross of colorism because the woman concerned is the only one without a partner, is on the fringes of the group and is darker skinned than the other women.One commenter wrote:  This picture says white supremacy has won. But one of the people defending the photograph is the very same woman who is sitting off to the side without a partner.We've Been doin the same joke for years #insidejoke #youontheoutsidelookingin  https://t.co/37Vv8gYbNt  Lance Gross (@LanceGross) December 27, 2016 All I have to say about all this ignorant s*** at the moment, For the entire story  DM ",0
19389,ANGRY CONGRESS SET To Cut Off Funding To U.N…Threatens To Expel Palestinian Diplomats From U.S. Soil After Obama’s Final Assault On Israel,"Congress is already setting the stage to cut off U.S. funding to the United Nations in the wake of a contested vote last week in which the Obama administration permitted an anti-Israel resolution to win overwhelming approval, according to congressional leaders, who told the Washington Free Beacon that the current administration is already plotting to take further action against the Jewish state before vacating office.Other punitive actions by Congress could include expelling Palestinian diplomats from U.S. soil and scaling back ties with foreign nations that voted in favor of the controversial measure, according to multiple sources who spoke to the Free Beacon about the situation both on and off the record.The Obama administration is still under bipartisan attack for its decision to help craft and facilitate the passage of a U.N. resolution condemning the construction of Jewish homes in Jerusalem, a move that reversed years of U.S. policy on the matter.The Free Beacon was the first to disclose on Monday that senior Obama administration officials played a key role in ensuring the measure was passed unanimously by the U.N. Security Council. This included a phone call by Vice President Joe Biden to Ukraine s president to ensure that country voted in favor of the measure.While Biden s office continues to dispute the claim, reporters in Israel and Europe confirmed in the intervening days that the call between Biden and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko did in fact take place.With anger over the issue still roiling, leading members of Congress told the Free Beacon on Wednesday that they will not delay in seeking retribution against the U.N. for the vote. This could include cutting off U.S. funding for the U.N. and stripping the Palestinian mission s diplomatic privileges.Lawmakers also will work to rebuff further attempts by the Obama administration to chastise Israel on the international stage. This would include freezing funds that could be spent by the administration on further U.N. action. The disgraceful anti-Israel resolution passed by the UNSC was apparently only the opening salvo in the Obama administration s final assault on Israel,  Sen. Ted Cruz (R., Texas) told the Free Beacon.  President Obama, Secretary Kerry, Ambassador Power, and their colleagues should remember that the United States Congress reconvenes on January 3rd, and under the Constitution we control the taxpayer funds they would use for their anti-Israel initiatives. The 115th Congress must stop the current administration s vicious attack on our great ally Israel, and address the major priorities of the incoming administration,  Cruz said, expressing his desire to work with the incoming Trump administration to reset the U.S. relationship with Israel.< Senior congressional sources currently working on the issue further disclosed to the Free Beacon that lawmakers on both sides of the aisle are in an uproar over the Obama administration, which they accuse of plotting behind closed doors to smear Israel. Not content with spending the last eight years using the United Nations to undermine American sovereignty, the Obama administration has finally trained their sights on Israel and is trying to exploit this unelected and unaccountable international body to impose their resolution of the Palestinian issue on Israel,  one senior congressional aide told the Free Beacon.  Enough is enough. While the Trump administration will not take office until the end of January, Congress will be working overtime before then to stop the Obama administration from further damaging the U.S.-Israel relationship, according to the source, who hinted that a full cut-off of U.S. funding to the U.N. currently is on the table. A new administration will arrive on January 20th, but in the intervening weeks Congress has an important role mitigating the damage President Obama can do in his final hours,  the source said.  Why on earth would we throw good taxpayer dollars after bad in support of the UN, which has proven itself again and again utterly unable to encourage any positive progress? Just take Syria   if they were doing anything over the last five years, it should have been working out a fair and equitable adjudication of the Syrian war. Instead, they ve proven themselves utterly useless in fact they ve probably made a gut-wrenching catastrophe worse,  the source explained.  There s no reason to think this action will turn out any more favorably. For entire story  WFB",0
19390,NO MORE MR. NICE GUY: TRUMP Takes Off The Gloves…HAMMERS Obama On Twitter,"Last December a report surfaced that Barack Obama intercepted communications between Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and US lawmakers. The Obama White House targeted Netanyahu because he opposed their insane nuclear deal with the Iranian regime.Last October Obama ordered Secretary of State John Kerry and UN Ambassador Samantha Power to snub Netanyahu at the UN.Lower level US State Department officials attended the Israeli Prime Minister s speech at the UN.The Obama administration spent $350,000 trying to oust Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu from office.In May 2011 Barack Obama urged Israel to hand over half of Jerusalem, the Wailing Wall, The Temple Mount, Old Jerusalem, and the tomb of Jesus Christ to the Hamas-Fatah terrorist organizations.In his deluded mind, handing over ancient Christian and Jewish holy sites to violent Islamists will bring peace to the region.In December 2013, Barack Obama again urged Israel to hand over ancient Christian and Jewish holy sites to Islamist terrorists.  Gateway PunditLast week, Israel accused Obama of colluding with Palestinians at the UN:An Israeli official on Friday accused President Barack Obama of colluding with the Palestinians in a  shameful move against Israel at the U.N.  after learning the White House did not intend to veto a Security Council resolution condemning settlement construction in the West Bank and east Jerusalem the day before. President Obama and Secretary Kerry are behind this shameful move against Israel at the U.N.,  the official said.  The U.S administration secretly cooked up with the Palestinians an extreme anti-Israeli resolution behind Israel s back which would be a tail wind for terror and boycotts and effectively make the Western Wall occupied Palestinian territory,  he said calling it  an abandonment of Israel which breaks decades of US policy of protecting Israel at the UN.   APWe cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 28, 2016not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 28, 2016 ",0
19391,"OBAMA SUPPORTER, Mayor Jim Fouts Allegedly Caught on Tape Trashing Mentally Disabled: They’re “Retards”…”Not Even Human Beings” Should Be “Put In Cages” [AUDIO]","Macomb County, MI Executive Mark Hackel released audio recordings to local Detroit TV stations in which he claims the voice of Warren, MI Mayor Jim Fouts can be heard saying mentally disabled people are  retards  and  not even human beings.  Hackel claimed the tapes were given to him by someone who is or was a member of Fouts  staff.Channel 4 WDIV-TV reports that reporter Mara McDonald spoke with the person who made the tape, an employee who recorded Fouts in his office. The context was a discussion of Fouts  plans to attend an event regarding the Special Olympics, according to the TV station.Lepine said Special Olympics, sports training and competition for children and adults with intellectual disabilities, are a  very big deal for the community. In one of the recordings, the man s voice said mean things about the way mentally disabled people use bathrooms. What good are they? They re dysfunctional human beings. They re not even human beings.   I don t want any part of this. This is one of the worse things about being mayor. This is the bottom of the barrel.   I don t want to be around them, and I wish them well in a cage,  the voice said in the recording. Fouts has a controversial history with the Democratic Party. He ran for state representative in the 1970s as a Republican, but in Warren, the city offices are nonpartisan. Fouts, however, has attended many Democratic events over the years, but endorsed U.S. Sen. John McCain, an Arizona Republican, for president in 2008 before switching his allegiance to then-Sen. Barack Obama.In this year s election cycle, he was an enthusiastic supporter of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, but later complained about how the party treated him at a Democratic debate in Flint in February and that he didn t get to introduce Clinton when she gave a speech in Warren in August.Bouts, who avoided reporters  calls on Friday, in a Thursday night Facebook post denied it was him, and said that Hackel had experts available to  electronically engineer it.   Detroit FP",0
19392,IRRATIONAL GEORGETOWN PROFESSOR Has Month-Long Meltdown Over Fellow Muslim Professor Who Voted For Trump: “F*CK You!” [VIDEO],"A Georgetown University associate professor had a month-long meltdown after a Muslim woman explained why she voted for President-elect Donald Trump.Asra Q. Nomani, a former Georgetown journalism professor and Wall Street Journal reporter, wrote an op-ed in The Washington Post Nov. 10 explaining why she, as a Muslim woman and  long-time liberal,  voted for Trump.  I support the Democratic Party s position on abortion, same-sex marriage and climate change,  Nomani wrote.  But I am a single mother who can t afford health insurance under Obamacare. Here is a portion of Nomani s op-ed explaining why she s supporting Trump:A lot is being said now about the  silent secret Trump supporters. This is my confession   and explanation: I   a 51-year-old, a Muslim, an immigrant woman  of color    am one of those silent voters for Donald Trump. And I m not a  bigot,   racist,   chauvinist  or  white supremacist,  as Trump voters are being called, nor part of some  whitelash. In the winter of 2008, as a lifelong liberal and proud daughter of West Virginia, a state born on the correct side of history on slavery, I moved to historically conservative Virginia only because the state had helped elect Barack Obama as the first African American president of the United States.But, then, for much of this past year, I have kept my electoral preference secret: I was leaning toward Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.Tuesday evening, just minutes before the polls closed at Forestville Elementary School in mostly Democratic Fairfax County, I slipped between the cardboard partitions in the polling booth, a pen balanced carefully between my fingers, to mark my ballot for president, coloring in the circle beside the names of Trump and his running mate, Mike Pence.  WPJust prior to the election Nomani explains why she s voting for Trump:C. Christine Fair, a previously  friendly colleague,  went on a 31-day screed against Nomani spanning across Twitter and Facebook. According to Nomani s Dec. 23 follow-up complaint to the university, the  Peace and Security Studies  professor called her a  wretch,   clueless dolt  and a fame-monger.Fair also compared Trump to Adolf Hitler and asserted that Nomani s vote for Trump  helped normalize Nazis in DC.  She didn t clarify if she was referring to Trump supporters or actual Nazis marching the streets.She again attacked Nomani Dec. 6 with  an open letter  on Facebook, in which Fair told her to  f*ck off  and  GO TO HELL. It s unclear why Fair announces that she s  a slut. Nomani told The Daily Caller News Foundation that Georgetown professor Bruce Hoffman replied to her original Dec. 2 complaint on Dec. 3. He told her he forwarded her complaint to professor Irfan Nooruddin. Nooruddin is the faculty chair of Georgetown s School of Foreign Service.Nooruddin told Nomani in a Dec. 4 email that,  I shall follow up directly with Professor Fair.  Fair posted her Facebook rant about Nomani two days after Nooruddin said he would speak with her. Additionally, she threatened Nomani in an email Dec. 6 with  legal action.   Your attempt to silence my opinion or force a dialogue by involving my employer is unacceptable and any further action on your part to involve Georgetown will be met with legal action,  Fair wrote.  Your social media and email appeal to my employer with the intent or threat of damaging my employment status is a form of cyber bullying, which will not be tolerated.   Daily Caller ",0
19393,DIRTY JOBS’ MIKE ROWE: Great Opportunities Out There That People Don’t Know Exist [Video], ,0
19394,HAWAIIAN RESTAURANT Gets Hammered With Negative Reviews After BANNING Trump Supporters: “You cannot eat here”," Honolulu s Caf  8   gets rave reviews on Yelp for its  Radiatore Verde  and  Italian stir fry,  among other popular dishes at the eclectic mom-and-pop restaurant   but the response to its new  policy  barring pro-Trump patrons has been decidedly more mixed.A bright yellow, handmade sign posted on the restaurant s front glass door declares:  If you voted for Trump you cannot eat here! No Nazis. A photo of the sign was shared with FoxNews.com. One also is proudly posted on the caf s Facebook page, and was  liked  by some 40 people.Honolulu resident and Donald Trump voter Susan Roberts told FoxNews.com she found the sign in  extreme poor taste. It s childish and very unprofessional,  she said in an email.   The restaurant owner doesn t have to worry   I will not be stepping foot in that establishment. A Facebook user who wrote on the 8 1/2 Cafe page says he was joking about the restaurant not serving Trump supporters when the owner came over and took away his food:Unlike everybody else, I actually DID eat here recently on a trip. I was there with one of my friends and we thought they were joking about not serving Trump supporters WRONG!!! We were talking about it when all of a sudden a giant fat male comes over, identifies himself as the owner and takes away our food. He still insisted we pay until we called the police and they sorted him out explaining to this guy that you can t take away food and then expect people to pay. What a joke this place is.Here are a few additional comments from Facebook users that were found on the 8 1/2 Cafe website:Maybe someone should call the health department on them. Didn t someone see a rat skittering across the floor or maybe that was cockroaches.No need to eat at a restaurant owned by a Trumpophobe  they ll be sued shortly for discrimination, just like the bakers were who wouldn t bake cakes for gay weddings.Like the Nazis put signs in the windows of restaurants and businesses  No Jews Allowed  . I find it strange that your sign says no Nazis no Trump supporters? Yet you are doing the exact same thing the Nazis did in Poland. Your business will suffer because you do not understand the power of social media, nor do you understand the power of Trump supporters. Oh, by the way your food looks like shit!Going to Hawaii this summer but I will stay away from your so called restaurant. I voted for Trump and apparently my money isn t good enough for you  your choice. By the way you might want to pick up a history book and read about the Nazis I think you might find the similarities in you both uncanny. People should be able to get food without hearing a political message,  one apparent former customer wrote on Yelp.  I will never go back. The 8 1/2 Cafe received so many negative comments on YELP that the service designed to rate restaurants as a way to help consumers find good food had to step in and shut down the comment and ratings section for their restaurant:According to the Honolulu Star-Advertiser, the caf  was founded by Robert Warner, a former hair stylist for Vidal Sassoon in San Francisco and former restaurateur in Seattle, along with his wife Jali.   FOX News",0
19395,"WHY DID 14 Massive Teen Mall Brawls, Including Gunfire Break Out Across America On The Day After Christmas? [VIDEO]","MASSIVE PLANNED MALL FIGHTS Broke out across the US on Monday forcing many of the malls to evacuate shoppers and close their doors.December 26 is one of the busiest shopping days of the years with after Christmas specials.Beachwood Place Mall outside of Cleveland, Ohio   Officers used pepper spray to disperse a large crowd after a fight that prompted a lockdown of Beachwood Place on Monday evening, police said.At least one juvenile is in custody in connection with the fight that broke out just after 6:30 p.m. near the mall s food court, police said. The juvenile is accused of assaulting a police officer who arrived to break up the disturbance.Officers were initially called to the scene for a report of shots fired, but have since confirmed there were no gunshots, police at the scene said. Cleveland.comThey shooting in Beachwood Mall tho    pic.twitter.com/MNBEes9GIp  DOE BEEZY/FREEBANDZ (@DoeBoyOfficial) December 27, 2016Gunshot-like noise during fight leads to chaos at Jersey Gardens mall https://t.co/cZlblGdH7x  Steven P. Miller (@sparkermiller) December 27, 2016A total of seven arrests were made during a huge fight that broke out at the Shoppes at Buckland Hills in Manchester, causing the mall to shut down early Monday night.Manchester Police said hundred of teens were involved, and that several fights broke out. The mall was shut down shortly before 6 p.m. and cleared out in response. It was supposed to remain open until 9 p.m.According to Manchester Police Capt. Chris Davis, it s typical to see more teens in the mall during the holidays.  Kids are out of school. A lot of them aren t hanging out in the streets so they come here, typically, and hang out at the mall. The mall released the following statement Tuesday morning:Buckland Hills has closed for the evening. The well-being of our shoppers and retailers is our number one priority, and we take matters very seriously that disrupt the peaceful, safe environment we strive to create for our community. We are working closely with law enforcement and direct all inquiries to the Manchester Police Department. The shopping center will be open Tuesday.According to police, about 8-10 teens started fighting at around 5:30 p.m., and officers who were already at the mall broke up the fight. Then, several hundred teens at various other locations throughout the mall started fighting at the same time.Davis said some veteran Manchester officers who were at Buckland Hills on Monday night noticed more teens than usual.  They just kind of sensed that something was amiss, previous to the fights actually starting. So it was just kind of a sixth-sense by some of our officers.   Fox61 Fox Valley Mall wildin pic.twitter.com/UU7p0Qq7Gs  Velma (@BFitman) December 27, 201614 malls nationwide shut down due to large fights, reports of shots fired, etc.  Ashley Michels (@ReporterAshley) December 27, 2016Social media update on Aurora TC Mall fight. Waiting for more info from police now pic.twitter.com/gWF8mXcyFg  Ashley Michels (@ReporterAshley) December 27, 2016 Gateway Pundit ",0
19396,"6 SYRIAN, 1 LIBYAN MIGRANT ARRESTED After Setting Sleeping Homeless Man On Fire","Who still thinks Trump was wrong to say we need to halt all immigration from countries who hate us until; we can properly vet them?Seven migrants have been arrested after a homeless man was set on fire on Christmas Eve at a Berlin subway station. The men, aged 15 to 21, are suspected of torching the victim as he slept on a platform bench at Sch nleinstra e station. Six of the suspects are Syrian and one is Lybian and an attempted murder investigation has been launched.Thomas Neuendorf, the vice chief of the press office at Berlin Police, told Bild that detectives believe the 21-year-old to have been the main perpetrator.He, along with his alleged accomplices, were arrested on yesterday.After torching the homeless man, the suspected assailants hopped onto a train to make their getaway.CCTV footage captured them watching and laughing as the man was burning on the platform.It appeared they were celebrating, according to local press. Remarkably, the victim escaped almost unscathed, thanks to the rapid intervention of several witnesses.Via: Daily Mail Read more: Follow us: @MailOnline on Twitter | DailyMail on Facebook",0
19397,MUST WATCH: Kellyanne Conway PUNCHES BACK After Juan Williams Questioned How She Could Work And Raise 4 Kids: “I don’t play golf and I don’t have a mistress” [VIDEO],"Kellyanne Conway s response to Williams  criticism is, as we ve all come to expect, very classy and absolutely perfect: ",0
19398,SHERIFF CLARK Tweets Most BLISTERING Response Ever After Barack Obama Boasted He Would’ve Beaten Trump In Election,"President Obama said in an interview released Monday that he could have beaten Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump  if I had run again.  In his most pointed critique yet, Obama said Hillary Clinton s campaign acted too cautiously out of a mistaken belief that victory was all but certain. If you think you re winning, then you have a tendency, just like in sports, maybe to play it safer,  Obama said in the interview with former adviser and longtime friend David Axelrod, a CNN analyst, for his  The Axe Files  podcast. The president said Clinton  understandably . . . looked and said, well, given my opponent and the things he s saying and what he s doing, we should focus on that. Trump took exception to this critique, tweeting out later in the day that  President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY!   jobs leaving, ISIS, Care, etc.   WPPresident Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY!   jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 26, 2016Yeah right. He would have won the 2016 US Open golf if he had played too. Obama couldn't win N. Carolina for Clinton https://t.co/sn0XrCZo2z  David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) December 27, 2016Ouch! That s gonna leave a mark ",0
19399,“ONE OF THE CORRUPT WOMEN IN CONGRESS” Says Democrats Are Too Nice…She Won’t Work With Trump [VIDEO]," That has been a problem with our party. When we re in power, we re too nice.    Maxine Waters (D-CA)Jacob Soboroff of MSNBC asked Congresswoman Waters if she were asked by Trump to sit down and meet with him would she? Waters replied,  Oh no, I won t go. I m not gonna sit down with him, I m not gonna go. I m not gonna pretend. I m not pretending. I don t trust him, I don t believe him, I have no intention of sitting down with him, I m going to fight him every inch of the way and I m gonna show the American people they too cannot trust him Rep. @MaxineWaters told me she doesn't trust Trump, wouldn't meet at White House. Disagrees w @SenSchumer strategy. https://t.co/qmoLiVyRxz  Jacob Soboroff (@jacobsoboroff) December 26, 2016Rep. Waters is an eleven-term member of Congress, representing California s 35th congressional district. She is a senior member of the House Financial Services Committee.Rep. Waters was included in CREW s 2005 and 2006 Most Corrupt Report for unrelated matters, as well as in the 2009 report for her actions regarding OneUnited.Watch FOX News  Jesse Watters confronts Maxine Waters over her inflammatory comments about FOX News and that, members of the tea party  should go straight to hell.  At the 3:05 mark Jesse Watters tells Bill O Rielly that Maxine Waters was named one of the most corrupt members of Congress by CREW, a non-partisan watchdog group, after they exposed her for allegedly orchestrating the Treasury Department to bail out One United, a bank that her husband owned stock in.Rep. Waters has close financial ties to OneUnited. In March 2004, she acquiredOneUnited stock worth between $250,001 and $500,000, and Mr. Williams, purchased two sets of stock, each worth between $250,001 and $500,000. In September 2004, Rep. Waters sold her stock in One United and her husband sold a portion of his.That same year, Mr. Williams joined the bank s board.",0
19400,OUCH! Paul Joseph Watson DESTROYS MTV’s Racist Propaganda Video: “Beyonce Cares So Much About ‘Black Issues’ That She Dyes Her Hair Blonde And Bleaches Her Skin To Try And Look As White As Possible” [VIDEO],Enjoy ,0
19401,GIVE ‘EM HELL JESSE: Shouldn’t you Democrats start focusing on winning instead of whining? [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYdX071Nlow,0
19402,OBAMA’S EMBARRASSING Farewell Interview: Mom Was “Hippie” But Shaved Her Legs…Promises To Take 5-Star Mooch On “Nice Vacation…She Deserves It”,"We all know the rules are a little different for the political class. But Michelle Obama s trips overseas hardly qualify as official business. They are lavish, extravagant, and excessive by any reasonable metric. Moreover, these latest revelations are hardly isolated.They are part of continuum reaching back across to the earliest days of the Obama administration. Recently, Judicial Watch obtained flight expense records from the U.S. Department of the Air Force revealing that Michelle Obama s June 2015 trip to the United Kingdom and Italy, accompanied by her daughters and mother, cost the taxpayers $240,495.67 in flight expenses alone.The records were released in response to a Freedom of Information (FOIA) request filed on June 22, 2015. The flights to London, England; and Milan, Venice, and Vicenza, Italy, for the June 15   21, 2015, trip totaled 20:35 hours at the cost of $11,684 per hour, bringing the flight expense total to $240,495.67, according to the Air Force documents.The Obama White House, true to form, tried spin the trip as a public service that was part of Michelle Obama s campaign to push her  Let Girls Learn  initiative and  Let s Move  anti-obesity campaign.Good grief. Everyone should deny themselves and streamline their lifestyles except for the Obamas.Press reports make it evident the Obama entourage set aside substantial time for tourism. In London, Michelle Obama joined Prince Harry for afternoon tea at Kensington Palace.And the White House press office conceded that, while in Italy,  The First Lady will also visit cultural sites in Venice before returning to Washington, D.C. Judicial Watch released records revealing significant taxpayer-funded travel expenses for a Michelle Obama trip in July. Those records from the U.S. Department of the Air Force showed that Michelle Obama s 2014 trip to China cost American taxpayers $362,523.53 in travel expenses alone. Mrs. Obama, her daughters, and her mother spent March 19   26 in China, in a trip highlighted by extended visits to some of the country s most popular tourist sites.Apparently, the Obama family continues to bill the taxpayers for costly tourism jaunts thinly disguised as humanitarian crusades. If Michelle Obama wants to take tea with Prince Harry or enthuse over Da Vinci s The Last Supper, she is certainly entitled to do so, but not at taxpayer expense.Since the beginning of Barack Obama s administration, the Obamas have become increasingly notorious for unnecessary, luxurious travel, under the guise of official business.NewsmaxPresident Obama admitted he cried at a recent senior staff send-off dinner   and is now claiming that he d be able to get re-elected if he had run for president again. I am confident in this vision because I m confident that if I had run again and articulated it, I think I could ve mobilized a majority of the American people to rally behind it,  Obama said in a  The Axe Files  podcast interview by former aide David Axelrod. I know that in conversations that I ve had with people around the country, even some people who disagreed with me, they would say,  The vision, the direction that you point towards is the right one,  the outgoing president said.The Constitution limits a president to serving only two terms.Reflecting on his presidency, Obama said he s been inspired by the  heart  and  idealism  of his staff. We had our senior staff dinner   I got through about four minutes of the thing and started getting the hanky out,  he admitted.Obama said it feels like the  band  is breaking up, but that he wants to devote his post-presidency to growing the  talent  and vision that began in his two terms as president of the United States. Overall, this place never got cynical,  he said, praising the many aides he s had over the years. We never had that fire snuffed out. That is a point of pride for me,  he added.The podcast interview at times got personal, with Obama discussing his upbringing and talking about how his mom was a  hippie. But she always insisted on shaving her legs,  he told his former aide.The president also looked forward to leaving the White House, saying he s going to take his wife, Michelle, on a  nice  vacation because  she deserves it. The first family is currently in Hawaii for a two-week break before Inauguration Day on Jan. 20.  NYP ",0
19403,‘YOU’RE A SEXIST PIG!’ FEMINIST BATTLES Tucker Carlson over IvankaGate [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YeDU6dCR9tA,0
19404,CNN CLOWN Who Cries About “FAKE NEWS” Uses Unverified Story To Push Islamaphobia Lie On Viewers [VIDEO],"The video featured a Youtube prankster named Adam Saleh claiming to be kicked off of a Delta flight for speaking Arabic, though the airline concluded in its investigation that Saleh was engaging in  provacative behavior. Watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_s5gs0I4Uw In an interview with The Hill media reporter and former Mediaite columnist Joe Concha, Carlson said that Stelter, who regularly urges news organizations to proceed with caution in cases such as these, failed to practice what he preaches by not googling Saleh to discover his history of posting similar videos. MediaiteIn a statement, Delta said:  Two customers were removed from this flight and later rebooked after a disturbance in the cabin resulted in more than 20 customers expressing their discomfort. We re conducting a full review to understand what transpired. We are taking allegations of discrimination very seriously; our culture requires treating others with respect. Saleh has more than 1.6 million subscribers to his TrueStoryASA YouTube channel, and more than 2.2 million subscribers to his Adam Saleh Vlogs YouTube channel. Saleh s YouTube channels are full of prank videos as well as videos about Muslim life, and he is a self-described  professional idiot. Twitter: @DeltaClick HERE for FacebookCall 1(800) 221-1212 for Delta Customer ServiceLet Delta Airlines know you stand with their decision to have YouTube pranksters removed from the flight, because terrorism by Islamic radicals against innocent people is NOT a laughing matter. ",0
19405,WALMART Removes Controversial T-shirt But Black Lives Matter Tees Remain,"Walmart has pulled all its  Bulletproof: Black Lives Matter  shirts after police complain they are offensive. The Fraternal Order of Police wrote to Walmart CEO Doug McMillon on Tuesday, complaining that the store should not aim to profit off racial tensions in the US.THE FRATERNAL ORDER OF POLICE PRESIDENT WAS DEAD ON IN HIS LETTER TO THE WALMART CEO:  Commercializing our differences will not help our local police and communities to build greater trust and respect for one another Turning a buck on strained relationships will not contribute to the healing process,  said the national FOP s president, Chuck Canterbury. THE FOP PRESIDENT SAID HE DIDN T FEEL IT NECESSARY TO REMOVE ALL OTHER BLACK LIVES MATTER ITEMS.We found quite the selection on the Walmart website:The  Bulletproof  Black Lives Matter items were removed Your thoughts?Read more: Daily Mail",0
19406,EXPOSED: Why A Liberal’s Defense Of RADICAL ISLAM Is The Most Dangerous Kind Of Hypocrisy,"Liberals would like you to believe they re more open-minded, tolerant and fair than conservatives, because they embrace the Islamic faith and all of it s tenants. They will fight to the death to protect the importing of un-vetted Muslims from nations who hate us into America. They re so much better than conservatives because liberals don t discriminate..right? Wrong. Perhaps liberals should spend a little less time attacking conservatives who are trying to keep Sharia Law out of America, and pay a little closer attention to a stone-age mentality that so many of these un-vetted Sharia-law adherents are bringing with them to America.Don t believe us? Watch this video to see an Afghan Muslim who left ISIS tell about the monsters who rape and throw gays off rooftops:Kamandar Bakhtiar, Defector from ISIS-Khorasan: I Witnessed Beheadings and the Raping of Homosexuals pic.twitter.com/uKoKg63Ft5  MEMRI (@MEMRIReports) September 14, 2016",0
19407,OBAMA INSPIRED COP HATE UPDATE: TX Restaurant Manager Writes “FCK U” On Sheriff’s Receipt,"A Schlotsky s Assistant Manager in Seguin, Texas, gave a Texas Deputy a receipt that said  FCK U. According to the Texas Sheriff s Deputies Facebook page, on Tuesday, December 20, 2016, Texas Deputy Sheriff Caddell, who was in full uniform, ordered lunch at the drive-through at the Schlotsky s in Seguin, Texas. After the Deputy received the order, he looked at the receipt and noticed that it had been modified. A photo of the receipt was posted on the Texas Sheriff s Deputies page, and the top part, showed in bold type, was DRIVE THRU FCK U. The remaining part of the receipt that is visible in the photo lists the date as 12/20/2016, 1:47 p.m., host and employee numbers, and the modified message again: DRIVE THRU FCK U.The Texas Deputy, whose agency has not been identified and whose name has not been confirmed, called the restaurant and discovered that it was the Assistant Manager who had modified the receipt. The Texas Deputy then called the Schlotsky s corporate office, who posted a response to the incident. In the response, it was noted that each franchise is independently owned and operated, and that the Seguin franchise owner had contacted the Texas Deputy  to apologize and to let him know that this is being taken seriously, that they respect and value police officers and all first responders.  The corporate response also noted that this was an isolated incident, that the employee received appropriate action, and that he had reached out to the Sheriff s Office to apologize. The company s response reminded Sheriff s Office employees that they are always welcome at the Sequin location, where each officer in uniform is offered a discount in appreciation for their service.   Blue Lives Matter",0
19408,BREAKING: LIBERAL MEDIA’S WORST NIGHTMARE Comes True…Kellyanne Conway Lands Top Position On Trump’s Team,"Kellyanne Conway will be joining the White House as counselor to the president, the Trump transition team announced Thursday.Conway, Donald Trump s final campaign manager, has been a fierce advocate for the president-elect. Kellyanne Conway has been a trusted advisor and strategist who played a crucial role in my victory,  Trump said in a statement. She is a tireless and tenacious advocate of my agenda and has amazing insights on how to effectively communicate our message. I am pleased that she will be part of my senior team in the West Wing,  he added.Watch Conway as she masterfully deconstructs CNN s New Day host Alisyn Camerota s false accusations about Trump and exposes her overt and unprofessional allegiance to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and her campaign:Conway joins incoming chief of staff Reince Priebus and chief strategist Steve Bannon in making up the most senior advisers in the Trump White House.  NYP",0
19409,LEFTIST BULLY ARTISTS Tell Ivanka Trump: “Get My Artwork Off Your Walls”…”I Am Embarrassed To Be Seen With You”,"A growing group of artists is hitting back against Ivanka Trump, with some even demanding the president-elect s daughter take their work down off her walls.A collection of New York artists have banded together to protest Donald Trump through his daughter, with a campaign called  Dear Ivanka .The colorful crusade was created by the Halt Action Group, which was founded by curator Alison Gingeras, dealer Bill Powers, Jonathan Horowitz, and a group of others associated with the art scene, Bloomberg reports. Dear Ivanka, we need to talk about your dad,  the group s website reads. Racism, anti-Semitism, misogyny, and homophobia are not acceptable anywhere least of all in the White House. Steve Bannon has no place in the White House. Jeff Sessions has no place in the White House. Talk of a Muslim registry has no place in the White House. Hate has no place in the White House. We refuse to  wait and see . We look to you as the voice of reason. Other artists, many of whom have pieces in Ivanka s lavish apartment, have also chimed in on the issue. Dear @Ivankatrump please get my work off of your walls. I am embarrassed to be seen with you,  Philadelphia artist wrote on Instagram.Ivanka had posted a picture on her own social media of her standing next to a Da Corte piece.The Halt Action Group staged a rally on November 28 outside the Puck building in Manhattan   where Ivanka and Jared Kushner live.Da Corte, who called for Ivanka to take his paintings down in her apartment, took part in a protests outside her home with these signsAbout 500 people marched in the demonstration outside Ivanka and Jared Kushner s home on November 28  For entire story: Daily Mail",0
19410,OHIO ELECTOR TORCHES Anti-Trump Letters He Received From Crybaby Liberals [Video],"pic.twitter.com/KMnLrwB6t1  Richard K. Jones (@butlersheriff) December 19, 2016",0
19411,FACEBOOK HIRES PORN STAR And Husband Accused Of Defrauding “Snopes” Website To “Fact-Check” Mostly Conservative Websites,"Facebook has announced plans to check for  fake news  using a series of organizations to assess whether stories are true  One of them is a website called Snopes.com which claims to be one of the web s  essential resources  and  painstaking, scholarly and reliable It was founded by husband-and-wife Barbara and David Mikkelson, who used a letterhead claiming they were a non-existent society to start their research Now they are divorced   with Barbara claiming in legal documents he embezzled $98,000 of company money and spent it on  himself and prostitutes In a lengthy and bitter legal dispute he is claiming to be underpaid and demanding  industry standard  or at least $360,000 a year The two also dispute what are basic facts of their case   despite Snopes.com saying its  ownership  is committed to  accuracy and impartiality Snopes.com founder David Mikkelson s new wife Elyssa Young is employed by the website as an administrator She has worked as an escort and porn actress and despite claims website is non-political ran as a Libertarian for Congress on a  Dump Bush  platform Its main  fact checker  is Kimberly LaCapria, whose blog  ViceVixen  says she is in touch with her  domme side  and has posted on Snopes.com while smoking potOne of the websites Facebook is to use to arbitrate on  fake news  is involved in a bitter legal dispute between its co-founders, with its CEO accused of using company money for prostitutes.Snopes.com will be part of a panel used by Facebook to decide whether stories which users complain about as potentially  fake  should be considered  disputed .But the website s own troubles and the intriguing choice of who carries out its  fact checks  are revealed by DailyMail.com, as one of its main contributors is disclosed to be a former sex-blogger who called herself  Vice Vixen .Snopes.com will benefit from Facebook s decision to allow users to report items in their newsfeed which they believe to be  fake .It is asking a number of organizations to arbitrate on items which are reported or which Facebook staff think may not be genuine, and decide whether they should be marked as  disputed .The others include ABC News, the Associated Press and  fact-checking  websites including Politifact.com.Now a DailyMail.com investigation reveals that Snopes.com s founders, former husband and wife David and Barbara Mikkelson, are embroiled in a lengthy and bitter legal dispute in the wake of their divorce.He has since remarried, to a former escort and porn actress who is one of the site s staff members.They are accusing each other of financial impropriety, with Barbara claiming her ex-husband is guilty of  embezzlement  and suggesting he is attempting a  boondoggle  to change tax arrangements, while David claims she took millions from their joint accounts and bought property in Las Vegas.The Mikkelsons founded the site in 1995. The couple had met in the early 1990s on a folklore-themed online message board, and married before setting up the site.Profiles of the website disclose that for some time before it was set up, the couple had posed as  The San Fernardo Valley Folklore Society , using its name on letterheads, even though it did not exist.A profile for the Webby Awards published in October describes it as  an entity dreamed up to help make the inquiries seem more legit .David Mikkeleson told the Los Angeles Times in 1997:  When I sent letters out to companies, I found I got a much better response with an official-looking organization s stationery. In 2015, their marriage ended in divorce   but a bitter legal dispute continues.Both stayed on as co-owners of Snopes   which is registered under its legal name of Bardav, Inc. and were its sole board members.Legal filings seen by DailyMail.com detail a lengthy financial and corporate dispute which stretches long after their divorce, and which one lawyer describes as  contentious  in court documents.In the filings, Barbara, 57, has accused her former husband, 56, of  raiding the corporate business Bardav bank account for his personal use and attorney fees  without consulting her.She also claimed he embezzled $98,000 from the company over the course of four years  which he expended upon himself and the prostitutes he hired .When contacted by the Dailymail.com, David said he was legally prohibited from discussing his ex-wife s allegations. I d love to respond, but unfortunately the terms of a binding settlement agreement preclude me from publicly discussing the details of our divorce,  he said. Barbara Mikkelson said:  No comment. In court records, Barbara alleged that her ex-husband removed thousands from their business accounts between April and June of 2016 to pay for trips for him and his  girlfriend .One of the lead fact-checkers, Kim LaCapria, has also been a sex-and-fetish blogger who went by the pseudonym  Vice Vixen. She described her blog as a lifestyle website  with a specific focus on naughtiness, sin, carnal pursuits, and general hedonism and bonne vivante-ery. She regularly provided intimate advice and reviewed sex toys, including a vibrating wand that  drives boys mad. If you are doing something to your fella, and you apply this to the base of his cash-and-prizes while you carry on, he will scream and perhaps cry,  she wrote.She also recommended one book with the review:  How to Tell A Naked Man What To Do seems like the perfect how-to for the dominatrix-in-waiting, or any girl looking to get in touch with her domme side. Mine, I wish I could shut her up sometimes, but there you go. In others posts, LaCapria claimed to be  addicted to smutty HP [Harry Potter] fanfic. Describing her day-off activities on another blog, she wrote that she  played scrabble, smoked pot, and posted to Snopes.  She added,  That s what I did on my day  on,  too. David Mikkelson told the Dailymail.com that Snopes does not have a  standardized procedure  for fact-checking  since the nature of this material can vary widely.  He said the process  involves multiple stages of editorial oversight, so no output is the result of a single person s discretion. He also said the company has no set requirements for fact-checkers because the variety of the work  would be difficult to encompass in any single blanket set of standards. Accordingly, our editorial staff is drawn from diverse backgrounds; some of them have degrees and/or professional experience in journalism, and some of them don t,  he added.For entire story- Daily Mail",0
19412,"ARMED BLACK PANTHERS March In Milwaukee: “Free us or you die, CRACKER!” [Video]", ,0
19413,MUST WATCH: Barack Obama After January 20th…This Will Make Your Day!,"January 20th can't come soon enough. We need this anti-American, terrorist sympathizer out of our White House. #WorstPresidentEver pic.twitter.com/D20c8phH18  Steve Hirsch (@Stevenwhirsch99) December 21, 2016",0
19414,MTV Releases Racist ‘Hey Fellow White Guy’s Video’…Social Media Goes Crazy! [Video], ,0
19415,"NUT JOB GLENN BECK Joins Liberal, Foul-Mouthed Whack Job Samantha Bee In Unified Effort To Fight “TRUMPISM” [VIDEO]","Glenn Beck, a man once described by Forbes as someone who s  managed to monetize virtually everything that comes out of his mouth,  has (seemingly) had a profound change of heart. Following his call for conservatives to  empathize  with Black Lives Matter activists in a New York Times op-ed back in September, the Blaze founder joined Samantha Bee on Full Frontal on Monday to declare a common enemy: the Precedent-elect, a.k.a. Mr. Brexit, a.k.a. the former Apprentice host.Complex",0
19416,FLORIDA SHERIFF Hysterically Shames Woman Busted For Stealing From TOYS FOR TOTS! [Video], ,0
19417,MUST WATCH! New VIDEO Emerges Of Hillary Leaving NYC After FINALLY Losing The Election For The Last Time,"Hillary may have finally lost the election yesterday, but to her credit, she had her head held high when she was spotted leaving New York. pic.twitter.com/NysPmPUGDQ  Tim Young (@TimRunsHisMouth) December 20, 2016",0
19418,OHIO LOSER Brags About Abandoning Motorist In Snowstorm On Social Media Over Trump Bumper Sticker On Car…Goes Viral,"A prolific Trump foe found viral fame after boasting about abandoning a driver stuck in the snow as punishment for supporting the President-elect.Troy Brown, from Winchester, Ohio, shared an image of a car that had slid off the road and was pointing into a ditch, with no obvious way to escape unaided.He captioned the image:  I was going to help her but she has a #Trump sticker on her car   #CallYoPresident.  It was shared approvingly some 1,700 times.Brown posts extensively about political issues like Black Lives Matter on his Facebook page:He then tried to capitalize on his fleeting celebrity by advertising merchandise with the photo on it.  Heatstreet",0
19419,HILLARY CLINTON FINALLY MAKES HISTORY…But It’s Not The Kind Of History She Was Hoping To Make,Democrats were hoping yesterday s Electoral Vote would end with electors rejecting Republican Donald Trump in droves.It didn t work out that way. in fact Hillary Clinton lost more electors than Donald J. Trump.Trump lost two electors: One to Ron Paul and one to Governor John Kasich. Hillary Clinton lost Five electors.8 Clinton defectors 4 WA (successful) 1 HI (successful) 1 MN (attempted) 1 ME (attempted) 1 CO (attempted)2 Trump defectors TX (successful)In fact Hillary Clinton lost more electors than any politician in the last 100 years.Not since 1912 has a candidate lost more electors. GP,0
19420,EX-FBI AGENT NAVY SEAL: “Russian Interference” Lie Spread By Intelligence Community Is Like Hitler’s Mein Kampf [Video],"Former FBI Agent and Navy Seal Jonathan Gilliam had this to say about the false rumors being spread about  Russian interference :  The people who leaked stuff to The New York Times, those people are political appointees and that is a measured response and a coordinated response that goes right along, and I know this is big me saying this, with Hitler s Mein Kampf and the big lie. Where they tell a big lie and keep telling it until people believe it. And that s what this is. You have political appointees and people who are chosen by those political appointees to be at the top of the CIA and these other intel agencies and they do the president s dirty work. ",0
19421,"HOLLYWOOD “ACTRESS” LENA DUNHAM: I ‘Haven’t Had an Abortion, But I Wish I Had’","I  Haven t Had an Abortion, But I Wish I Had    LENA DUNHAMActress Lena Dunham says she has never had an abortion, but wishes she had because it s a sign of  bravery  and  self-knowledge.   I always thought that I myself didn t stigmatize abortion,  Dunham says in the most recent episode of her podcast, titled  Choice. I m a   uh abortion rights activist, it s a huge part of who I am,  she added, but then said she had distanced herself from the issue of abortion in the past.She continued:But one day, when I was visiting a Planned Parenthood in Texas a few years ago, a young girl walked up to me and asked me if I d like to be a part of her project in which women share their stories of abortions. I sort of jumped.  I haven t had an abortion,  I told her. I wanted to make it really clear to her that as much as I was going out and fighting for other women s options, I myself had never had an abortion.And I realized then that even I was carrying within myself stigma around this issue. Even I, the woman who cares as much as anybody about a woman s right to choose, felt it was important that people know I was unblemished in this department. So many people I love   my mother, my best friends   have had to have abortions for all kinds of reasons,  Dunham said.  I feel so proud of them for their bravery, for their self-knowledge, and it was a really important moment for me then to realize I had internalized some of what society was throwing at us and I had to put it in the garbage. Now I can say that I still haven t had an abortion, but I wish I had,  she said.As Newsbusters notes, Dunham has now become an avid supporter of abortion.Read more: Breitbart",0
19422,BOOM! Trump Exposes Phony Michelle Obama…When She Went LOW With Oprah…Trump Went HIGH…Very High [VIDEO],"Michelle Obama told Oprah Winfrey in her final interview as our divisive First Lady, Now we re feeling  what not having hope feels like.  Sadly, for Michelle Obama  hope  for her is strictly based skin color.  When her husband Barack Obama was being received like a rock-star across America (by mostly white supporters), she admitted that she suddenly found herself feeling pride in America for the first time in her adult life. Now that Donald J. Trump is about to become our next President, she openly admits to Oprah that she s lost all hope. Michelle has spent much of her 8 years as First Lady speaking about and obsessing over skin color. Many of the accusations she s made about white people in America are inaccurate and divisive, yet she curiously depicts herself as a victim during her interview with Oprah where she whines that Americans accuse her of being,  An angry black woman.  Michelle never bothers to acknowledge that her hateful, racist rhetoric has helped to earn that title, and not the color of her skin.Trump responded beautifully to her implied criticism of him by saying,  I assume she was talking about the past and not the future. I actually think she made that statement not meaning it the way it came out.  Ironically, Trump actually stepped up and saved her from making herself look like,  An angry black woman. Watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noIoC4SF3AgHere s Mooch speaking about Americans who don t approve and criticize the way her husband has screwed up our nation, telling cheering supporters at the DNC Convention,  When they go low, we go high.  Of course, she and her husband have yet to prove that to be true.Watch that portion of her speech here:Here is the video where Michelle tells a huge crowd of Obama supporters that,  For the first time in my adult lifetime, I am proud of my country. :",0
19423,REVEALED: Who Gave Democratic Emails To Wikileaks And Why They Were A Leaker And NOT A Hacker [VIDEO],"While all of the mainstream media and anonymous CIA sources claim that Russia was behind the hacks of the emails from the Democratic National Committee and top Clinton aide John Podesta, the truth has been revealed to be completely different.By way of background, top American intelligence veterans say that it was a leak, not a hack.A New York Times report on Monday alluding to  overwhelming circumstantial evidence  leading the CIA to believe that Russian President Vladimir Putin  deployed computer hackers with the goal of tipping the election to Donald J. Trump  is, sadly, evidence-free. This is no surprise, because harder evidence of a technical nature points to an inside leak, not hacking   by Russians or anyone else.Monday s Washington Post reports that Sen. James Lankford, R-Oklahoma, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, has joined other senators in calling for a bipartisan investigation of suspected cyber-intrusion by Russia. Reading our short memo could save the Senate from endemic partisanship, expense and unnecessary delay.In what follows, we draw on decades of senior-level experience   with emphasis on cyber-intelligence and security   to cut through uninformed, largely partisan fog. Far from hiding behind anonymity, we are proud to speak out with the hope of gaining an audience appropriate to what we merit   given our long labors in government and other areas of technology. And corny though it may sound these days, our ethos as intelligence professionals remains, simply, to tell it like it is   without fear or favor.We have gone through the various claims about hacking. For us, it is child s play to dismiss them. The email disclosures in question are the result of a leak, not a hack. Here s the difference between leaking and hacking:Leak: When someone physically takes data out of an organization and gives it to some other person or organization, as Edward Snowden and Chelsea Manning did.Hack: When someone in a remote location electronically penetrates operating systems, firewalls or any other cyber-protection system and then extracts data.Even the head of U.S. intelligence   James Clapper   testified on Monday that the connection between Russia and Wikileaks is weak. And U.S. intelligence agencies are now refusing to brief the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence on whether or not Russia was actually the source of the Wikileaks documents.And the NSA executive who created the agency s mass surveillance program for digital information, who served as the senior technical director within the agency, who managed six thousand NSA employees, the 36-year NSA veteran widely regarded as a  legend  within the agency and the NSA s best-ever analyst and code-breaker, who mapped out the Soviet command-and-control structure before anyone else knew how, and so predicted Soviet invasions before they happened ( in the 1970s, he decrypted the Soviet Union s command system, which provided the US and its allies with real-time surveillance of all Soviet troop movements and Russian atomic weapons )   told Washington s Blog that the Democratic emails were leaked by either NSA insiders or DNC insiders.The former intelligence analyst, British Ambassador to Uzbekistan, and chancellor of the University of Dundee (Craig Murray) revealed earlier this week that the Podesta leak and the DNC leak were leaked by two different insiders, that both of the leakers were Americans with no ties to Russia, and that one was from the American intelligence services.Subsequently, Murray revealed further details on the leaks.Specifically, in an interview with Scott Horton on Tuesday, Murray said that   because John Podesta s company is a registered lobbyist for the Saudi Arabian government   the NSA and other intelligence agencies were monitoring their emails as a matter of course.Murray said that an insider from an American intelligence service (read: NSA) leaked the Podesta emails to Wikileaks. Indeed, an intermediary to the NSA whistleblower handed the emails to Murray in a park in Washington, D.C.Murray said that Wikileaks head Julian Assange tells him that the leaker of the DNC emails was a DNC insider.When asked if Seth Rich was the DNC leaker, Murray responded that he doesn t know   but that it s possible that Rich was murdered because someone thought that he was the source of the DNC leak.  ZeroHedgeWatch this short interview with Wikileaks founder Julian Assange and John Pilger. Pay close attention to Assange s reaction when Pilger asks if he s suggesting Seth Rich was the leaker.Watch Assange s reaction to Pilger s question during the same interview in slow motion (below). What do you think? Is he nodding in agreement to his question about Seth Rich?THE RUSSIA HOAX: Julian Assange acknowledges murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was Wikileaks' source. Why is MSM covering this up? #Trump pic.twitter.com/FS297JooQI  ViveLaFrance (@vivelafra) December 11, 2016Again, NSA is able to identify both the sender and recipient when hacking is involved. Thanks largely to the material released by Edward Snowden, we can provide a full picture of NSA s extensive domestic data-collection network including Upstream programs like Fairview, Stormbrew and Blarney. These include at least 30 companies in the U.S. operating the fiber networks that carry the Public Switched Telephone Network as well as the World Wide Web. This gives NSA unparalleled access to data flowing within the U.S. and data going out to the rest of the world, as well as data transiting the U.S.In other words, any data that is passed from the servers of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) or of Hillary Rodham Clinton (HRC)   or any other server in the U.S.   is collected by the NSA. These data transfers carry destination addresses in what are called packets, which enable the transfer to be traced and followed through the network.The bottom line is that the NSA would know where and how any  hacked  emails from the DNC, HRC or any other servers were routed through the network. This process can sometimes require a closer look into the routing to sort out intermediate clients, but in the end sender and recipient can be traced across the network.The various ways in which usually anonymous spokespeople for U.S. intelligence agencies are equivocating   saying things like  our best guess  or  our opinion  or  our estimate  etc.   shows that the emails alleged to have been  hacked  cannot be traced across the network. Given NSA s extensive trace capability, we conclude that DNC and HRC servers alleged to have been hacked were, in fact, not hacked.The evidence that should be there is absent; otherwise, it would surely be brought forward, since this could be done without any danger to sources and methods. Thus, we conclude that the emails were leaked by an insider   as was the case with Edward Snowden and Chelsea Manning. Such an insider could be anyone in a government department or agency with access to NSA databases, or perhaps someone within the DNC.For entire story Washington s Blog",0
19424,LIBERAL LOSER Screams “This is my America!” After Electors Vote TRUMP [Video], ,0
19425,"LIVE Electoral Vote Count Tallies…UPDATE: TRUMP 306, HILLARY 224","UPDATE: Trump 304 Clinton 224, Other 6 and 4 pending votes remaining.Among the electors today, there were more Hillary defectors than Trump defectors. Go HERE to see who they were and which states they are from.Although the official electoral college results won t be announced until January 6, when Congress meets in a joint session to officially count the results, many of the votes are already being announced in some states. We will update this post with the electoral count as state results are announced, so you can stay updated on the latest. Trump had 259 electoral votes before Texas cast 36 of its 38 electoral votes for Trump, pushing him over the 270 that he needed to win.Here are the results we know so far, as shared by local media outlets, electors, or state officials:Alabama   All 9 electors have voted for Trump.Alaska   All 3 electors voted for Trump.Arizona   All 11 electors voted for Trump.Arkansas   All 6 electors voted for Trump.Connecticut   All 7 electors voted for Hillary Clinton.Delaware   All 3 electors voted for Hillary Clinton.Florida   All 29 electors voted for Trump.Georgia   All 16 electors voted for Trump.Idaho   All 4 electors voted for Trump.Illinois   All 20 electors voted for Clinton.Indiana   All 11 electors voted for Trump.Kansas   All six electors voted for Trump, per 270 to WIN.Kentucky   All 8 electors voted for Trump.Louisiana   All 8 electors voted for Trump.Maine   Maine and Nebraska are the only states that split their electoral votes. In Maine, Trump earned 1 electoral vote and Clinton earned 3. One of Clinton s electors, David Bright, announced on Facebook that he was giving his electoral vote to Bernie Sanders. He tried to do just that, but he was ruled out of order and the vote was recast, forcing him to vote for Hillary Clinton instead.Maryland   All 10 electors voted for Hillary Clinton.Michigan   All 16 electors voted for Trump.Minnesota   All 10 electors voted for Clinton.Missouri   All 10 electors voted for Trump.Mississippi   All 6 electors voted for Trump.Nebraska   All 5 voted for Trump.New Hampshire   All 4 electors voted for Clinton.New York   All 29 electors voted for Hillary Clinton.North Carolina   All 15 electors voted for Trump.North Dakota   All 3 electors voted for Trump.Ohio   All 18 electors voted for Trump.Oklahoma   All 7 electors voted for Trump.Oregon   All 7 electors voted for Clinton.Pennsylvania   All 20 votes for Trump (verified by CBS).Rhode Island   All 4 electors voted for Clinton.South Carolina   All 9 electors voted for Trump.South Dakota   All 3 electors voted for Trump.Tennessee   All 11 electors voted for Trump.Texas   In Texas, 36 out of its 38 electoral votes went to Trump. Chris Suprun wrote today on The Hill that he still intended to cast his vote for John Kasich and not Trump. Once the meeting got underway, four electors resigned and then were replaced, which caused the results to be delayed. One of the electors, Sisneros, did not want to vote for Trump. The other three found out they were ineligible, Sean Walsh of the Statesman reported.Utah   All 6 electors voted for Trump, per 270toWin.Vermont   All 3 electors voted for Clinton.Washington   In Washington, eight voted for Clinton, 3 voted for Colin Powell, and 1 voted for Faith Spotted Eagle.West Virginia   All 5 electors voted for Trump.Wisconsin   All 10 electors voted for Donald Trump.via: 270towinh/t Heavy ",0
19426,WOW! NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC Gets Hammered With EXPLOSIVE Reactions To Latest Cover Featuring 9 Yr Old Transgender,"Because by 9 years old, pretty much every person in the world is 100% in tune with their sexuality right? And pretty much every person in the world wants a picture of a 9 year old boy dressed as a girl on their coffee table, where they USED to keep their copy of National Geographic right?Here is the number:1-800-647-5463 to CANCEL your subscription to National Geographic, or to voice your opinion on their latest cover. The cover of National Geographic s upcoming January issue has sparked outrage online for featuring children questioning their genders and spotlighting what they call a  gender revolution.  With articles titled,  Making a man,   Dangerous Lives of Girls,  and  Rethinking Gender,  the publication is dedicating their entire first issue of 2017 to the single topic of the  shifting landscape of gender,  according to a press release. To a degree unimaginable a decade ago, the intensely personal subject of gender identity has entered the public square,  the press release states, adding that the issue will hit print newsstands on December 27.  InfowarsWe devoted our entire January 2017 Special Issue to an exploration of gender take a look https://t.co/AFW1VjWvWH #GenderRevolution pic.twitter.com/XvzKNddVum  National Geographic (@NatGeo) December 16, 2016Twitter users wasted no time responding to National Geographic s tweet Canceling my subscription. Sorry to see your once fine periodical in such decline.  Susan Scott (@Scottlaw9) December 16, 2016I'm all for LGBT rights but this is irresponsible. Children are not mature enough to make these decisions. They're still developing.  Raymond Luxury-Yacht (@skibidido) December 16, 2016https://twitter.com/chamgurogi/status/809800916484456448These Twitter users claim the genitalia you re born with has nothing to do with the sex you actually are. Say what?: A penis doesn't make a man any more than a vagina makes a woman. QED: gender has nothing to do with genitalia.   un ami   (@psydwannabe) December 16, 2016The day has arrived when @NatGeo rejects science, and embraces culture-rotting fantasy. pic.twitter.com/h33OhChQ64  Sgt Bravo  (@Sgt_Bravo) December 17, 2016 ",0
19427,THE COMMUNITY ORGANIZER Who Won’t Go Away: Obama Reportedly Setting Up Shadow Government In DC To Undermine Trump’s Presidency [VIDEO]," Ed Klein: For the past 100 years every president who is outgoing has packed up his stuff gone home and not criticized his successor. This is not what the Obamas are planning to do. They rented an eight-bedroom mansion in the section of Washington near Joe Lockhart, Bill Clinton s last press secretary. In that house there s enough room for Valerie Jarrett and Michelle and the kids. A place for ten cars to park. They are setting up what they are calling a shadow government.Pete Hegseth: The Obamas claim it is because the children want to stay in D.C..Ed Klein: That s not the real reason they are staying there. They are staying there because despite what the president said in his press conference, he s in a sense of outrage over this incoming Trump Administration, which he thinks is going to wipe out his legacy. So he s setting up this kind of almost insurgency, picking people in foreign affairs, labor, abortion, union matters and setting them up to start appearing on television, making speeches and doing op-ed pieces for next four years, you re going to see not only a Trump Administration but you re going to see a shadow government opposing the Trump Klein said it was an insurgency by the left starting on Inauguration Day with the mass demonstrations organized by Michael Moore. Gateway Pundit",0
19428,COLLEGE STUDENTS ASKED TO SIGN A Petition Canceling Christmas…Did They Agree? [Video], ,0
19429,WHY DECISION To Cut Off Gas Deliveries To Trump Supporters By Gas Co Owner In Maine Will Probably Destroy His Business [AUDIO],"An owner of a propane dealership in Maine is refusing to deliver gas to anyone who voted for President-Elect Donald Trump.Michael Turner, owner of Turner LP Gas in Skowhegan, Maine, recorded a voicemail greeting that leaves little question as to his feelings for those in his community who supported Trump. Thank you for calling Turner LP Gas. If you voted for Donald Trump for president, I will no longer be delivering your gas   please find someone else,  the message states.Turner isn t the first person to refuse to do business with Trump voters   in late November, Mathew Blanchfield, CEO of an Albuquerque, New Mexico-based marketing firm, issued a statement saying he would no longer work with Trump supporters.But unlike Blanchfield, who lives in a county that voted solidly for Hillary Clinton, Turner lives in a county that overwhelmingly supported Trump. Trump won Somerset County, Maine   in which Skowhegan is located   57.73 percent to Hillary Clinton s 35 percent.In Skowhegan specifically, where Clinton performed better than Somerset County at large, Trump still received over 50 percent of the vote and had a 10-point lead on Clinton, according to rough figures published on Skowhegan s town website. Turner is apparently so distraught over Trump s win he is willing alienate more than half of his community and possibly sacrifice his livelihood.  Lifezette",0
19430,MAN ROBS TAXPAYERS OF $1.4 Million In Food Stamp Scam…Using Fish!,"Feldman operates Upstate Fish, a market at 826 Joseph Ave. His father, Jack, a Holocaust survivor, opened the store under the name Jack s Modern Fish Market in 1954 and is a well-known figure in the community. A year ago, the elder Feldman was among a number of Holocaust survivors who had Hanukkah dinner with the Obamas and the president of Israel at the White House.Irving Feldman was accused of two different schemes, one netting more than $1.2 million and the other more than $200,000.The more lucrative scheme involved unlawfully buying $1,227,063 worth of food stamps from willing recipients for less than half their face value, according to the news release. The recipients received cash, and Feldman was able to reap a considerable profit by redeeming the food stamps with the federal government for their full value. This fish market owner was caught running a food stamp fraud scheme that was truly breathtaking in scale,  state Inspector General Catherine Leahy Scott said.Feldman also admitted to a second scheme in which he induced food stamp recipients to use their benefit cards to buy fish from other retail markets, then sell the fish to him at steeply discounted prices. The recipients pocketed cash, and Feldman got inventory he could sell at full value.The value of that scheme was about $202,000, the official statement said.Read more: DandC",0
19431,MISLEADING MAINSTREAM MEDIA Is Pushing False Narrative That Trump Electors Could Steal Election From Him …Why It’s Not Gonna Happen…And Why Their Attack On Our Democracy Is A Really BAD Idea,"Here is Michigan elector Michael Banerian telling about death threats that he s received over his vote for Trump on Monday.The leftist media has encouraged the (insanely impossible) idea that Trump could be defeated by the Electoral College, by using misleading headlines, like the one below from USA Today to help fuel the idea that Trump is not really that popular after all: The New York Times has shamelessly published several articles pushing the narrative that Trump could be ousted on December 19th when the electoral votes are cast for President:The Washington Post has also falsely promoted the idea that there was a real possibility Trump could be defeated on Monday:And finally, only two days ago, NBC News published this embarrassing piece on the possibility of an electoral coup on Monday, clearly written to cast doubt on the legitimacy of Trump s presidency:In a typical election year, the mid-December meeting of the electoral college interests only political junkies and civics teachers.Not this time.As the electors prepare to vote Monday, many say they have been besieged by phone calls and e-mails. One already resigned. Another said he won t vote as his state did. And electors in three states went to court seeking authority to vote as they please.Hillary Clinton s victory in the popular   but not the electoral   vote and uncertainty about Donald Trump have generated unusual interest in an event that is usually a political footnote.Members of the Electoral College will cast their historic votes for the next president of the United States on Monday. In the meantime, they are under siege.The nation s 538 presidential electors have been thrust into the political foreground like never before in American history. In the aftermath of a uniquely polarizing presidential contest, the once-anonymous electors are squarely in the spotlight, targeted by death threats, harassing phone calls and reams of hate mail. One Texas Republican elector said he s been bombarded with more than 200,000 emails. I never can imagine harassing people like this. It s just f  up,  said Jim Rhoades, a Republican elector from Michigan who runs a home inspection service.  I ve lost a bunch of business. In recent decades, the Electoral College had become such a reliable rubber stamp of Election Day results that it was viewed as an afterthought.But with many Democrats desperate to block the all-but-certain ascension of Donald Trump to the White House, this long-neglected body has been gripped by turmoil, and its members have been subjected to pleas to upend centuries of tradition by casting their votes for someone other than the president-elect.There have been ad campaigns targeting electors and op-eds assailing their role. One Democratic member of Congress has called to delay the vote for president while an investigation of Russian involvement in the election is underway. Two others have pleaded with electors to consider Russia s role when deciding how to vote. Progressive groups are preparing protests across the country at sites where electors will meet to cast their ballots. Personal contact information for many electors has been posted publicly   and it s been used to bury them with massive email campaigns.Chris Suprun of Texas, the only GOP elector to publicly oppose Trump, has been especially battered by criticism   mainly from fellow Republicans, including party leaders who have questioned his integrity.Here is Tucker Carlson embarrassing Chris Suprun, as he attempts to explain why he won t vote for Trump: https://youtu.be/7oOhwHG2Gb4Suprun announced his intention to vote for someone other than Trump in a New York Times op-ed, recalling his service on Sept. 11, 2001, as a first responder to the attack on the Pentagon. On Friday, a Texas television station ran a story accusing Suprun of inventing his 9/11 role, the story that Suprun built his career around. The charge, based on a discrepancy with Suprun s LinkedIn page, featured an anonymous former colleague accusing Suprun of  stolen valor.   PoliticoEarlier this year, former deputy White House chief of staff Roy Neel published a whimsical piece of political fiction about  faithless electors  changing a presidential election outcome. In The Electors, an incumbent Republican president loses the popular vote and falls three electors short in the Electoral College as well. His devilish chief of staff hatches a plot that succeeds in turning two  faithless electors  against the Democratic candidate they were pledged   but not required by law   to support. Because a third turncoat has a massive heart attack before her vote is technically cast, the election goes to the House and the incumbent prevails.I have seen no particular evidence that the shadowy anti-Trump group trying to overturn the 2016 election with Electoral College defections was inspired by Neel s book. But it is so wildly unrealistic and potentially counterproductive that by comparison The Electors is a work of gritty realism.Technically, there are 21 states with 236 electoral votes (135 of them won by Trump) where laws do not require electors to vote for the popular-vote winner in that state. It is also theoretically possible that lawsuits being filed to strike down the coercive laws in the other 29 states (plus the District of Columbia) that sanction  faithless electors  could succeed, though there is no way they could succeed before the Electoral College casts its votes on December 19.The bigger problem is that interest in denying Trump the presidency through a campus riot in the Electoral College is pretty much limited to Democrats.The idea of Republican electors turning against Donald Trump found some traction back in the days when the mogul had nailed down the Republican presidential nomination over the violent objections of much of the GOP. It was the general-election equivalent of all the ultimately vain talk about a revolt of pledged Republican convention delegates determined to keep the demagogue away from the White House. Two Republican electors, one from Georgia and another from Texas, publicly expressed doubts they could bring themselves to cast votes for Trump (two Democratic electors expressed similar reluctance to vote for Hillary Clinton).Two things changed radically to re-consign the  faithless elector  scenario to the pages of fiction. First, of course, Donald Trump did not win the Electoral College vote by the two or three votes that might have made a very small group of renegades potential coup-makers. It would now take a defection of 37 electors to undo the deed of November 8. Beyond that, the Republican Party is no longer in open or even covert revolt against Donald Trump. In a process that began the moment he won the presidential nomination, the GOP has dutifully lined up in support of its president-elect. An awful lot of the anti-Trump sentiment Republicans exhibited earlier this year involved fears that he would lose badly and drag down the Republican-controlled Congress with him. Those fears are obviously moot today. No Republicans in Washington or in the states will offer cover to a faithless elector, much less 37 of them. It is so not happening.And so the plea made most conspicuously by Harvard law professor and political busybody Lawrence Lessig, that Republican electors rear up on their constitutional hind legs and award the presidency to Hillary Clinton as the popular vote winner, does not even pass the laugh test. Other members of the putsch cabal depart from Lessig by promoting a scenario whereby Trump-hating Republicans and Clinton-hating Democrats could join hands to elect somebody else entirely.And even if the moon turned blue and somehow a coup did happen, there is a fail-safe opportunity for Republicans when Congress meets to count and certify the Electoral College vote. Congress could choose to disregard the actions of  faithless electors  (with support from GOP officials in the affected states) and certify Trump as the winner. And if (and we are deep into science fiction at this point) the Electoral College does not clearly award anyone with 270 electoral votes, then the House would name Donald Trump president anyway.  NYmag ",0
19432,"BREAKING: GA, KY, WV Confirm They Suspect Obama’s DHS Hacked Their Election Networks [VIDEO]","Georgia s secretary of state has claimed the Department of Homeland Security tried to breach his office s firewall and has issued a letter to Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson asking for an explanation.Brian Kemp issued a letter to Johnson on Thursday after the state s third-party cybersecurity provider detected an IP address from the agency s Southwest D.C. office trying to penetrate the state s firewall. According to the letter, the attempt was unsuccessful.And now, Channel 2 Investigative Reporter Aaron Diamond has learned two more states  election agencies have confirmed suspected cyberattacks linked to the same U.S. Department of Homeland Security IP address as last month s massive attack in Georgia.The two states reporting the suspected cyberattacks were West Virginia and Kentucky. We need somebody to dig down into this story and figure out exactly what happened,  said Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp.In the past week, the Georgia Secretary of State s Office has confirmed 10 separate cyberattacks on its network over the past 10 months that were traced back to DHS addresses. We re being told something that they think they have it figured out, yet nobody s really showed us how this happened,  Kemp said.  We need to know. He says the new information from the two other states presents even more reason to be concerned. So now this just raises more questions that haven t been answered about this and continues to raise the alarms and concern that I have,  Kemp said.Through an open-records request, Diamant acquired the results of a survey Kemp asked the National Association of Secretaries of State to send to its members.West Virginia wrote back,  This IP address did access our election night results on November 7, 2016.  Kentucky responded the same IP address  did touch the KY (online voter registration) system on one occasion, 11/1/16. In a letter this week, DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson told Kemp the department sourced the mid-November activity in Georgia to a federal contractor conducting what he called  normal  internet searches on the Secretary of State s website. But Kemp says there s a problem with that answer. We haven t been able to recreate this the way they explained it to us,  Kemp said.Kemp also told Diamant that DHS has yet to explain at least nine other suspected network scans linked to DHS IP addresses over the last year on or around important primary and presidential election dates. Kemp s call for answers is amplified now by the National Association of Secretaries of State, or NASS.   WSBTV",0
19433,FORBES LIST OF “The World’s Most Powerful People Of 2016” Is Out…And Obama’s Ranking Is Embarrassing,"Hey Michelle Guess what? For the first time in 8 years, the entire country can be proud of their President again Forbes recently released its rankings of  The World s Most Powerful People,  and the results don t look good for President Barack Obama.There are nearly 7.4 billion humans on planet Earth, but these 74 men and women make the world turn. Forbes  annual ranking of the World s Most Powerful People identifies one person out of every 100 million whose actions mean the most.To compile the list, we considered hundreds of candidates from various walks of life all around the globe, and measured their power along four dimensions. First, we asked whether the candidate has power over lots of people.Next we assessed the financial resources controlled by each person. Are they relatively large compared to their peers? For heads of state we used GDP, while for CEOs, we looked at measures like their company s assets and revenues.Then we determined if the candidate is powerful in multiple spheres. There are only 74 slots on our list   one for approximately every 100 million people on the planet  so being powerful in just one area is often not enough.Lastly, we made sure that the candidates actively used their power.   ForbesIn 2015, Obama came in as the third most powerful person, which wasn t great, considering he is supposed to be the leader of the free world. But it was nevertheless much better than 2016 s list, which has him placed at an embarrassing number 48.Last year, Forbes explained why the U.S. president wasn t number one, or even number two. There s no doubt that the United States remains the world s greatest economic, cultural, diplomatic, technological and military power,  the publication wrote in 2015.  But as Obama enters the final year of his presidency, it s clear his influence is shrinking, and it s a bigger struggle than ever to get things done. His influence and ability to  get things done  must have hit rock bottom for him to fall a whopping 45 spots in just one year.What s even more embarrassing than the fact that Obama didn t make the top 10, much less the top 25, or even the top 40, were some of the people who outranked him.For example, North Korean Dictator Kim Jong Un was five spots ahead of Obama.If a ridiculous, barbaric leader who imprisons, enslaves and executes political and religious dissenters and restricts the most basic of freedoms is ahead of the U.S. president, you know there is a real problem.Russian President Vladimir Putin claimed the number one spot, again, while a new face appeared at number two   President-elect Donald Trump. Donald Trump is trading in Trump Tower for the White House. The New York native will become the first billionaire president of the United States, after upsetting Hillary Clinton in a surprising election victory, when he takes over the Oval Office in 2017,  Forbes said about the incoming president.Meanwhile, the publication issued a brutal but honest assessment of the outgoing president whose policies and legacy were rejected in November when voters chose Trump over what would have been essentially a third-term Obama in Democrat Hillary Clinton. America s outgoing president faces a legacy in jeopardy as his successor has threatened to unravel signature achievements, including health care reform and the Iranian nuclear accord,  Forbes wrote about Obama. President Obama is leaving the Oval Office on anything but a good note, and his legacy will reflect his dismal performance as the nation s leader.  Conservative Tribune h/t Truthfeed",0
19434,DESTROYED IN 10 SECONDS: Tucker Carlson EXPOSES Hypocrisy Of Liberal “MASH” Actor Who’s Asking Electors To BLOCK Trump From Becoming President [VIDEO],"Tucker goes on to call out the hypocrisy of rich, liberal elitist actors,  Liberals used to believe in democracy, that legitimacy was conferred by the people who live in the country, only they can choose their leaders. Maybe one of the reasons Hillary lost in the first place, is that rich people including you, no longer believe that. They think that we should pick someone  I like  and it doesn t matter how we pick em  we re just gonna pick em  and they ll be great. I mean, that is the message you re sending right?  Farrell responded,  Let me demure about rich people, I m not one of them says the guy whose net worth is reportedly estimated at $10 million. Is this liberal who s trying to tell us who we should elect, so out of touch that he thinks having a net worth of $10 million is not considered  rich  by the standards of 99% of America?https://youtu.be/N9u6ECFPFJY",0
19435,FORGET ABOUT RUSSIA…Here’s What’s REALLY Affecting Our Elections: Pro-Hillary Detroit City Clerk…Hired ILLITERATE Poll Workers And MORE,"In March 2015, only months after Detroit emerged from largest municipal bankruptcy filing in American history, the Democrat Detroit City Clerk Janice Winfrey, who was making over $73,000 per year, and had access to take-home city-owned car boldly asked the city to give her a raise. Winfrey argued that,  I oversee a budget of $13 million and approximately 200 full- and part-time employees.  She told WWJ s Charlie Langton that the  timing might be terrible  but she feels justified. She claimed people should consider all of her responsibilities.On March 30, 2015 a compensation panel on Monday agreed that the  overworked  Janice Winfrey s pay should be increased to $78,761 per year.But how hard did Janice Winfrey really work and did she really deserve a raise?Michigan s largest county voted overwhelmingly for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, but officials couldn t reconcile vote totals for 610 of 1,680 precincts during a countywide canvass of vote results late last month.Most of those are in heavily Democratic Detroit, where the number of ballots in precinct poll books did not match those of voting machine printout reports in 59 percent of precincts, 392 of 662.DETROIT ELECTIONS ARE A TOTAL MESS!  Janice Winfrey should have called a news conference last January and said Detroit could not run its 2016 elections effectively without people stepping up to replace aging, incapable poll workers.Had she done that, the Detroit city clerk, who was widely praised for transforming the department when she ousted former Clerk Jackie Currie in 2005, would not be facing a firestorm of criticism over mishandled voter ballots and malfunctioning machines.She also wouldn t have had some precincts where capable veterans worked alongside some people who could not read, weren t properly trained, weren t mobile and didn t know how to use new electronic polling books that long ago replaced paper sheets, one veteran polling supervisor who has worked the polls for 30 years asserted Thursday. The one thing I noticed   and this is where the problem is cropping up   is that a lot of folks have mobility issues and other issues,  said Christopher Flournoy, 52, a residential home improvement salesperson who lives in Russell Woods.Flournoy has been working the polls since he was in his 20s, and said things are not as they should be. I have personally been shocked when I go to training,  he said.  They do provide training and you ll see people come in on walkers and with crutches, and the one thought I had is how on earth are they going to carry on their responsibilities as an elections inspector? The biggest problem is training   and I don t like to say disparaging things   but the trainers are not trained to provide instruction. They re winging it. They don t have people who have been trained to provide training to adults. It becomes a gripe session about the previous election. You get handed some materials and nobody says good luck, but that s implied. You ll figure out as you go along. The average age of poll workers nationwide is 68. Detroit workers are older, Winfrey said earlier this week. And the work is grueling   15-18 hours with only two one-hour meal times and two other 15-minute breaks. We re getting older folks doing it because they ve always done it like me, and we re getting another group doing it because it s an easy way to make a $150,  Flournoy said. I ve had workers in precincts I supervise who couldn t read. They absolutely could not read and couldn t operate the computer,  he said, adding that Winfrey should return to giving the aptitude test she created when she was first elected.  That s where it goes back to   training. Training is supposed to be mandatory, but I ve had people to show up and say  No, I didn t do training, but they gave me a credential.    Read more: DFP ",0
19436,"OBAMA BLAMES RUSSIA For Hillary’s Loss, But NEW HARVARD STUDY Exposes Who REALLY Interfered In Outcome Of Our Elections","A new report from Harvard Kennedy School s Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy analyzes news coverage during the 2016 general election, and concludes that both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump received coverage that was overwhelmingly negative in tone and extremely light on policy.This is the final report of a multi-part research series analyzing news coverage of candidates and issues during the 2016 presidential election. The study tracks news coverage from the second week of August 2016 to the day before Election Day.Negative coverage was the order of the day in the general election. Not a week passed where the nominees  coverage reached into positive territory. It peaked at 81 percent negative in mid-October, but there was not a single week where it dropped below 64 percent negative.The press s negative bent is not confined to election politics (see Figure 4).[2] In recent years, when immigration has been the subject of news stories, the ratio of negative stories to positive ones has been 5-to-1. In that same period, news reports featuring Muslims have been 6-to-1 negative. News stories about health care policy, most of which centered on the 2010 Affordable Care Act, have been 2-to-1 negative. Although the nation s economy has steadily improved since the financial crisis of 2008, one would not know that from the tone of news coverage. Since 2010, news stories about the nation s economy have been 2-to-1 negative over positive.The real bias of the press is not that it s liberal. Its bias is a decided preference for the negative. As scholar Michael Robinson noted, the news media seem to have taken some motherly advice and turned it upside down.  If you don t have anything bad to say about someone, don t say anything at all. [3] A New York Times columnist recently asserted that  the internet is distorting our collective grasp on the truth. [4] There s a degree of accuracy in that claim but the problem goes beyond the internet and the talk shows. The mainstream press highlights what s wrong with politics without also telling us what s right.It s a version of politics that rewards a particular brand of politics. When everything and everybody is portrayed as deeply flawed, there s no sense making distinctions on that score, which works to the advantage of those who are more deeply flawed. Civility and sound proposals are no longer the stuff of headlines, which instead give voice to those who are skilled in the art of destruction. The car wreck that was the 2016 election had many drivers. Journalists were not alone in the car, but their fingerprints were all over the wheel.The research is confined to the election coverage in the print editions of five daily papers (the Los Angeles Times, The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, and USA Today) and the main newscasts of five television networks (ABC World News Tonight, CBS Evening News, CNN s The Situation Room, Fox s Special Report, and NBC Nightly News). In the case of the newspapers, the analysis covers all sections except sports, obituaries, and letters to the editor. Op-eds and editorials are included, but letters from the public are not. For television, the analysis covers the full daily content of each network s major newscast. Network talk shows are not included.Trump s general election news coverage fit the pattern of earlier stages of the campaign in several respects but not all. The major departure was that his general election coverage was overwhelmingly negative in tone. In our earlier reports, we documented the positive coverage Trump received during the nominating stage of the campaign, a pattern largely attributable to the press s tendency to highlight the horserace in the pre-primary and primary periods. As Trump rose from single digits in the polls and then won key primaries, he got favorable press. It was a story of growing momentum, rising poll numbers, ever larger crowds, and electoral success. The fact that the horse race is the most heavily covered aspect of the nominating phase magnified Trump s favorable coverage.Trump s general election coverage was a stark contrast. His coverage was negative from the start, and never came close to entering positive territory (see Figure 8).  During his best weeks, the coverage ran 2-to-1 negative over positive. In his worst weeks, the ratio was more than 10-to-1. If there was a silver lining for Trump, it was that his two best weeks were the ones just preceding the November balloting. Trump s coverage was negative in all the news outlets in our study, even those that typically side with the Republican nominee (see Figure 9). Fox provided Trump his most favorable coverage, but it was still nearly 3-to-1 negative over positive. The Wall Street Journal was his next best outlet, but its coverage ran 4-to-1 negative. The most negative coverage was carried by CBS at 9-to-1, but Trump s coverage was nearly as negative in most other outlets.Compare to Hillary s coverage:To be sure, changes in journalism are not the only reason that campaigns have become more negative. The party polarization that has seeped into American politics during the past three decades has been accompanied by rising levels of partisan attack. But to claim that party polarization explains the media s negative bent is to ignore the fact that the press s negativity is not confined to party politics. There s barely an aspect of public life that is not subject to intense criticism.A healthy dose of negativity is unquestionably a good thing. There s a lot of political puffery, ineptitude, and manipulation that needs to be exposed, and journalists would be shirking their duty if they failed to expose it. Yet an incessant stream of criticism has a corrosive effect. It needlessly erodes trust in political leaders and institutions and undermines confidence in government and policy.Negative news has partisan consequences. Given that journalists bash both sides, it might be thought the impact would be neutral. It s not. For one thing, indiscriminate criticism has the effect of blurring important distinctions. Were the allegations surrounding Clinton of the same order of magnitude as those surrounding Trump? It s a question that journalists made no serious effort to answer during the 2016 campaign. They reported all the ugly stuff they could find, and left it to the voters to decide what to make of it. Large numbers of voters concluded that the candidates  indiscretions were equally disqualifying and made their choice, not on the candidates  fitness for office, but on less tangible criteria in some cases out of a belief that wildly unrealistic promises could actually be kept.For entire story and study: Harvard Kennedy School Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy",0
19437,RUSSIA Tells Sore Loser Obama To Produce Some Proof [Russian hacking of emails] Or Stop Talking About It!…Trump Tweets Brilliant Response,"The Russians may not have hacked our elections, but that s not going stop Obama from blaming them for affecting Hillary s chances of winning. Never mind Hillary s recent use of an unsecured email server while she was serving as Sec of State, or the fact that she has spent most of her adult life under some sort of criminal investigation, or that over half of America said they didn t trust her. It s the damn Russians fault that Wikileaks leaked emails that were damaging to Hillary, her entire campaign team and the Democratic Party. Anything to taint the legitimacy of soon to be President Trump. President Obama said the United States will retaliate against Russia over its malicious cyberactivity during this year s election, in an interview that will air Friday on NPR. I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections . . . we need to take action,  the president said.  And we will   at a time and place of our own choosing. Some of it may be explicit and publicized; some of it may not be. Speaking to  Morning Edition  host Steve Inskeep, Obama said  there are still a whole range of assessments taking place among the agencies,  and he is waiting for the report on cyberattacks he has ordered to be delivered by Jan. 20.Russia seems to be losing their patience with the Obama regime s  claims  that they had something to do with the hacked emails that Wikileaks founder Julian Assange shared with the world prior to our November elections.The tough talk from the White House fell flat in Moscow, where Putin spokesman Dmitry Peskov called the accusations baseless and inappropriate. They should either stop talking about that or produce some proof at last,  Peskov told reporters Friday.  Otherwise it all begins to look unseemly. There has been no specific, persuasive evidence shared publicly about the extent of Putin s role or knowledge of any hackings. That lack of proof undercuts Democrats  strategy to portray Putin s involvement as irrefutable evidence of a directed Russian government plot to undermine America s democratic system.But the White House pointed to a U.S. intelligence assessment released publicly in October that asserted  only Russia s senior-most officials could have authorized these activities.  And Obama s deputy national security adviser, Ben Rhodes, connected the dots further, saying Thursday that Putin was responsible for the Russian government s actions. I don t think things happen in the Russian government of this consequence without Vladimir Putin knowing about it,  he told MSNBC.Trump struck back Friday morning, with a Twitter post mockingly asking,  are we talking about the same cyberattack  in which embarrassing information about the Democratic National Committee was also revealed.Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 16, 2016His tweet invoked emails stolen from Clinton s campaign chairman and later released publicly in hacking that has been linked to Russia. -CBC ",0
19438,CLASSLESS MICHELLE OBAMA Hits Trump With Outright Lie In Interview With Oprah [Video],"Michelle Obama fed her husband s feud with Donald Trump on Friday as she gave a gloomy description of the hopeless climate his election win has created. The First Lady used her final interview in the White House to tell Oprah Winfrey that a  grown up  should be in charge of the country. Looking forward to president-elect Trump s looming inauguration, she said even though hope was lost, it was necessary to move on. Now we re feeling what not having hope feels like. Hope is necessary,  she said in her first direct response to the November 9 election result. Mrs Obama s remarks come within hours of her husband s announcement Russian hackers interfered with the election to help his successor. Read more: Daily Mail",0
19439,SCOTT BAIO FILES POLICE REPORT: Physically Attacked By Wife Of Famous Rock Band Member Over Support For Trump…Screamed Vulgarities In Front Of Kids At Elementary School Function,"Scott Baio became a teen idol starring as Chachi Arcola on Happy Days from 1977-1984 and he worked pretty consistently until a few years ago, most recently as star and producer of See Dad Run on Nick at Nite. Baio spoke to The Hollywood Reporter about being a conservative in famously liberal Hollywood.Donald Trump has had some gaffes recently, like insulting the Khan family. Do you think they are actual gaffes or media hype?Well, let s put that up against someone who should be indicted, according to James Comey, the FBI director. It s amazing. I mean, I don t know where you stand politically   you work for The Hollywood Reporter so I m sure you lean left. But it s incredible to me that she lied about people dying in Benghazi, and she is still lying about her emails, and Donald Trump says something about this couple and it s taken completely out of context. I was around for Romney and I thought that was bad, but this is insane. I don t know who the Clintons made a deal with, but the media is, so bad. How do you fight that?  Hollywood Reporter On Monday, Scott Baio filed a police report claiming the wife of the Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer went nuts on him at a function with their elementary school kids   physically attacking him over his support of Donald Trump.Law enforcement tells TMZ, Baio says he was at an event with his daughter Saturday in Thousand Oaks, CA, when Nancy Mack confronted him. Mack, who s married to drummer Chad Smith, is a vocal anti-Trump supporter   who has called the Prez-elect racist   began berating and cursing Baio, one of Trump s strongest celebrity supporters.We re told Baio told cops he asked her to quiet down because kids were present, but Mack was undeterred, asking him how he could support a man who said,  Grab  em by the pussy.  Baio claims she repeatedly screamed,  Grab  em by the pussy. Baio asked Nancy to stop, but he claims she kept repeating the comment because she felt everyone needed to hear it, cause Trump used it. Baio told cops at that point Mack attacked him, grabbing him under his arms and then shaking and pushing him.For entire story: TMZ ",0
19440,OBAMA POKES THE BEAR: ‘We Will’ Retaliate Against Russia For “Election Hacking”…RUNS OFF On 5-Star Family Vacation To Hawaii,"On November 26, 2016 the Obama administration demanded there was no evidence of hackers tampering with the election:The Russians may not have hacked our elections, but that didn t stop Obama from blaming them for affecting Hillary s chances of winning the election. Never mind Hillary s recent use of an unsecured email server while she was serving as Sec of State, or the fact that she has spent most of her adult life under some sort of criminal investigation, or that over half of America said they didn t trust her. It s the damn Russians fault. Anything to taint the legitimacy of soon to be President Trump. President Obama said the United States will retaliate against Russia over its malicious cyberactivity during this year s election, in an interview that will air Friday on NPR. I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections . . . we need to take action,  the president said.  And we will   at a time and place of our own choosing. Some of it may be explicit and publicized; some of it may not be. Speaking to  Morning Edition  host Steve Inskeep, Obama said  there are still a whole range of assessments taking place among the agencies,  and he is waiting for the report on cyberattacks he has ordered to be delivered by Jan. 20. And so when I receive a final report, you know, we ll be able to, I think, give us a comprehensive and best guess as to those motivations,  Obama said.  But that does not in any way, I think, detract from the basic point that everyone during the election perceived accurately   that in fact what the Russian hack had done was create more problems for the Clinton campaign than it had for the Trump campaign. There s no doubt that it contributed to an atmosphere in which the only focus for weeks at a time, months at a time were Hillary s emails, the Clinton Foundation, political gossip surrounding the DNC,  he added.  Washington PostRussia responded Friday morning. Dmitri S. Peskov, the Kremlin s spokesman, said the U.S. needs to show some proof or quit talking.  It is necessary to either stop talking about it, or finally produce some evidence,  he told Interfax, per the New York Times.  Otherwise, it all begins to look quite unseemly. Obama said his goal is for a definitive White House report on the matter to be issued before President-elect Donald Trump takes office on Jan. 20. He was also careful to say that while the Russian hacks benefited Trump, he is not suggesting Trump s campaign helped coordinate the attacks or played any role in them, other than to exploit them for political advantage.  They understood what everybody else understood, which was that this was not good for Hillary Clinton s campaign,  the president said.Obama discussed cybersecurity with Vladimir Putin during a 90-minute meeting on the sidelines of the G-20 summit held in China in early September. The president characterized the meeting at the time as  candid, blunt, businesslike. While Obama is threatening to retaliate against Russia, he has only about five weeks left in the Oval Office. Trump has dismissed   in fact, mocked   intelligence assessments tying the DNC and Podesta hacks to Russia, and he campaigned on improving the U.S. relationship with the country.In his interview with NPR, Obama appeared mystified by that stance. The irony of all this, of course, is that for most of my presidency, there s been a pretty sizable wing of the Republican Party that has consistently criticized me for not being tough enough on Russia,  he said.  Some of those folks during the campaign endorsed Donald Trump, despite the fact that a central tenet of his foreign policy was we shouldn t be so tough on Russia. And that kind of inconsistency I think makes it appear, at least, that their particular position on Russia on any given day depends on what s politically expedient.   NPR",0
19441,SHERIFF ARPAIO Bombshell: Obama’s Birth Certificate Is A FAKE…Turning Over Evidence To Feds [VIDEO],"Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio says a new video analysis shows that parts of Obama s birth certificate were copied from another certificate. After arguing his point for five years, Arpaio says he will turn this new evidence over to the fed.  USA TODAYAt 4 p.m. sharp, Arpaio and a member of his Sheriff s Office s Cold Case Posse had a big message for the 40-odd journalists in attendance: You were wrong.Arpaio and his aides announced that a five-year investigation had  proved  that Obama s birth certificate from Hawaii in 1961 was a fake. An accompanying presentation highlighted what they called  9 points of forgery  on the document, which focused on the angles of date stamps, typed letters and words.  USA TodayREMEMBER THE WOMAN WHO VERIFIED OBAMA S Birth Certificate that was killed in a plane crash after she verified the  authenticity  of his birth certificate?The Hawaiian health official who verified the authenticity of President Obama s birth certificate died in a small plane crash.The plane, carrying a pilot and eight passengers, went down Wednesday in the water a half mile off the Hawaiian island of Molokai, the Maui Fire Department said. The lone fatality was Loretta Fuddy, who has served as state health director since January 2011. Tom Matsuda, the interim executive director of Hawaii s health insurance exchange, confirmed Fuddy s death.Fuddy, 65, made national news in April 2011 when she verified the authenticity of certified copies of President Obama s birth certificate. Obama had requested the release to curb claims by so-called  birthers  that he was born in Kenya and not eligible to be president.Makani Kai Air President Richard Schuman told Honolulu-based KITV that he spoke with the pilot of the single-engine turboprop Cessna Grand Caravan after the crash. What he reported is after takeoff   there was catastrophic engine failure,  Schuman said.  He did the best he can to bring the aircraft down safely and he got everybody out of the aircraft. Schuman said the cause of the engine failure had not yet been determined. The National Transportation Safety Board was investigating the crash; NTSB spokesman Eric Weiss said that based on the location of the crash it was unlikely the plane will be recovered.  USA TODAYArpaio promised to provide an update and a  final conclusion  to the Barack Obama Birth Certificate investigation.The Maricopa County Sheriff s Office announced they believe President Obama s longform birth certificate was forged.They cite nine points of forgery, claiming the Obama document contains stamp prints digitally lifted from a certificate belonging to a person named Johanna Ah nee.  Breaking 911Chief Investigator Mike Zullo said,  Forensic analysis showing the characters on the document were pieced together from secondary sources.  [..]  Words, letters and hand placed date stamps have been digitally copied from Ah Nee s birth certificate and pasted onto Obama s longform birth certificate  [..]  We re pretty confident with these results.   Breaking 911 ",0
19442,BREAKING: SEAN HANNITY Interviews Wikileaks’ Julian Assange…Proves He’s Still Alive: “Our source is NOT the Russian government”,"The Democrats have 26 more days to discredit Donald J. Trump until he becomes our next President. They are really pulling out all of the stops. Wikileaks founder Julian Assange emerges from hiding to do an interview with Fox News  Sean Hannity in order to set the record straight on the DNC leaks he released prior to the election. It s interesting how mainstream media  reporters  have no interest in the content of those undisputed leaked emails, they only care about how they got into the hands of Julian Assange.Julian Assange has finally spoken out on the recent news about intel assessments on Russia being the source of hacking designed to reportedly help Donald Trump. Julian Assange spoke with Sean Hannity on his radio show this afternoon and stated,  Our source is not the Russian government.  He told Hannity WikiLeaks did receive a little bit of information having to do with Trump and the RNC, but  it was already public somewhere else. https://youtu.be/GJIVOsptcBsHannity applauded Assange and said he s  done us a favor  by 1) showing how weak U.S. cybersecurity is, and 2) exposing government corruption. He asked Assange if the information he received came from inside the United States. Assange did not say definitively, but insisted,  It has not come from a state party.  (At a later point in the interview, Assange said that info leaks from other places could have been from Russia.) Hannity also asked him if President Obama knows this too and is  purposefully  pushing a false narrative to delegitimize Trump. Assange said yes. On Thursday afternoon, Hannity, the Fox News host and informal Trump adviser, once again interviewed WikiLeaks chief Julian Assange this time on Hannity s nationally syndicated radio show. Hannity gave Assange a large platform to deny that the source of the DNC and John Podesta emails was the Russian government, and to also join Hannity in some fairly typical bashing of Hillary Clinton and the  liberal  mainstream media. Hannity gushed on-air. Thanks to Assange and WikiLeaks s work, Hannity said,  we can now fix the problem  of our gaps in U.S. cybersecurity. (The DNC and Podesta emails were a wake-up call, in a sense.) Assange also  exposed the corruption in our government  for all to see.  I have so many questions for you,  Hannity said, before reminding his audience of WikiLeaks s  perfect  record:  You have not been proven wrong, not one single time,  he reiterated. When asked if President Obama was trying to  delegitimize Donald Trump by promoting any evidence of Russian interference and cyberattacks aimed at helping Trump to defeat Clinton in the election) Assange answered firmly,  yes.   This wouldn t be the first time that the CIA would be politicized,  Hannity continued, making a Benghazi analogy. Assange also wagged his finger at  the liberal press  in America that tried to make Trump voters feel  ashamed  of themselves for supporting the Republican candidate.  What is the difference between what you and WikiLeaks have done, and what The New York Times and CNN [have done]?  the host inquired.  Our stuff has more impact,  Assange replied.  Touch ,  Hannity answered.  I can t disagree with that.  The conservative host continued to make the case that the so-called mainstream media was  trying to scapegoat  Assange, and that  if [Hillary] were a Republican they d be singing your praises day and night.   America owes you a debt of gratitude,  Hannity said, concluding their friendly chat.-YouTube copy and video provided by Jim Browski",0
19443,BEST MELTDOWN OF 2016! TUCKER CARLSON BLASTS Senior “Writer” At Newsweek: “Was Trump In A Mental Hospital Or Not?…Answer The Question!” [VIDEO],"When asked why they might have booed, he speculated that it was because Glenn was a Democrat:He just moved on, said ""maybe they'll come around."" I think context was that Glenn was a democrat.  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) December 9, 2016Outspoken conservative and FOX News host Tucker Carlson confronted Kurt Eichenwald during his show. He touched on several subjects, but the one that sticks out the most, is the unfounded claim that Eichenwald made about Trump being in a mental hospital in 1999:Here s what the very liberal Washington Post had to say about Eichenwald s claim that Trump was in a mental hospital Kurt Eichenwald is an experienced investigative journalist, with a best-selling book to his credit and years of work at the New York Times, Vanity Fair and now Newsweek.There s no evidence that Trump was ever hospitalized for such a condition, and Eichenwald cited none.The tweet was quickly deleted from Eichenwald s account, though not before it received hundreds of retweets and  likes,  spreading it far and wide across the Twittersphere.After quite a bit of back and forth with the clearly embarrassed Newsweek Senior writer, Carlson finally let Eichenwald have it:  You re entirely entitled to your opinion, my only point is that t you should label yourself as you are which is an advocate. https://youtu.be/wJCuUu_1TNsFor the record, this is the image Eichenwald uses as his profile picture on Twitter:Seriously? Is everything about this clown fake? Even his picture looks fake. It s time to drain the swamp of these arrogant  journalists  promoting fake news stories for mainstream sources who are attempting to label all conservative news sources as  fake. ",0
19444,BREAKING: DETROIT NEWS REPORTS Potential New Evidence Of Massive Vote Tampering,"Detroit elections officials waited several days to deliver nearly 100 poll books to Wayne County officials charged with certifying the presidential election, newly released documents show.County clerk officials on Thursday released a memo to State Elections Director Chris Thomas that said 95 poll books from the 662 precincts weren t available at the start of the canvass, which began the day after the Nov. 8 election. Five of those poll books, which contain the names of voters and ensure the integrity of elections, were never delivered to county canvassers and presumably remain missing.The revelation comes atop other irregularities that have prompted a state audit. Among other issues, The Detroit News reported this week that voting machines registered more votes than they should have in one-third of all city precincts. I m not happy with how Detroit handled this election at all,  said Krista Hartounian, chairwoman of the Wayne County Board of Canvassers, which certified the election. We had been seeing improvement, but this one was different. This one was off. Canvassers compare poll books with printouts from voting machines to ensure the number of people who signed in to vote match the number of ballots cast.In heavily Democratic Detroit, the numbers didn t match in 392 of 662 precincts or 59 percent. The discrepancies emerged during a statewide presidential recount that began last week and ended Friday following a decision by the Michigan Supreme Court.It s unclear how many extra votes were counted in Detroit. That s because tallies were off by five or more votes in 52 Detroit precincts, but county officials will not release the exact number of discrepancies in each precinct.Read more: Detroit News",0
19445,WATCH Newest Addition To Trump’s Nat Security Council Explain To Imus Why She DIDN’T Defend Her Snarky Liberal Brother-In-Law Against On-Air Attack By Bill O’Reilly [VIDEO],"Monica Crowley, conservative radio host, Fox News analyst, columnist & editor of The Washington Times, bestselling author and loyal supporter of Donald Trump has been chosen as Trump s senior director of strategic communications for the National Security Council. We are huge fans of the brilliant, outspoken Monica Crowley. She is unafraid to defend conservatism and will take on just about anyone who challenges her views even her own brother-in-law. We have yet to see her lose a battle to a liberal. That s probably what attracted Trump to her in the first place. But did you know who her snarky liberal brother-in-law is? And did you know she was sitting next to him when Bill O Reilly had what was considered his most explosive show in the history of the O Reilly Factor?Earlier today, President-elect Trump announced his choice of retired Army Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg as chief of staff and executive secretary of the National Security Council and Monica Crowley as, a transition source tells Washington Examiner.Trump s transition officially announced the appointments Thursday afternoon. The United States is an exceptional country and these are two exceptional individuals who have agreed to fulfill the president-elect s pledge of putting America first once again,  Mike Flynn, Trump s national security advisor-designate, said in a statement.  I am honored to have General Kellogg and Dr. Crowley on the National Security Council team. I am deeply honored, humbled and grateful to be asked by the president-elect to join the extraordinary national security team he is assembling,  Crowley said.  With vision, courage and moral clarity, he is committed fully to re-establishing America s singular place in the world. He is also committed to selecting the best people for the jobs of keeping the American people safe and the country secure. It will be a great privilege to serve with them.   Washington ExaminerMany of Monica Crowley s fans are surprised when they find out that her conservative sister is married to Alan Colmes, the ultra-liberal radio talk-show host who first gained attention when he co-hosted a FOX News show with Sean Hannity called,  Hannity and Colmes. Bill O Reilly brought on Alan Colmes and Monica Crowley in 2013 to talk about President Obama s seeming reticence to offer any meaningful spending cuts, but most of the segment involved O Reilly getting into a shouting match with Colmes over Colmes not being able, as O Reilly viewed it, to provide concrete examples of what Obama wants to cut. O Reilly repeatedly shouted at Colmes, called him a liar, and declared his claims to be  bull-blank.  Watch Monica Crowley, a hard-core advocate of conservatism sit back and let her leftist brother-in-law defend to his liberal views, of which she knew he couldn t back up with a legitimate argument.https://youtu.be/ycbmcEAoKkE?t=2min30sNot one to back down when she feels strongly about her position, Monica Crowley defended Bill O Reilly s attack of her whiny, liberal brother-in-law Alan Colmes, to Imus while she was a guest on his Imus In The Morning Show:In a world where liberals have been effectively silencing conservatives over their opposing views, it s great to see someone like Monica Crowley stand up for what she believes in, especially when the views are those of her outspoken liberal brother-in-law ",0
19446,YOU’LL LOVE MIKE ROWE’S Awesome Response To Angry Liberal Claiming American Flag Is A ‘Mere Symbol’, ,0
19447,EPIC CONSERVATIVE Take Down After CNN Ambush Of Radio Host [Video], ,0
19448,NIGHTMARE In Small Minneapolis Town…SOMALI IMMIGRANT In US For Less Than 3 Months CHARGED With RAPING Woman On Bus," A Minneapolis man is being charged with criminal sexual conduct after being accused of raping a woman on a bus passing through Crookston Friday, according to the Crookston Times. Mohamed Harir Ayanle, 22, was released from the Northwest Regional Correction Center Monday on a $5,000 bond and on the condition that he does not leave Minnesota,  the Times reported.According to the criminal complaint filed with the Minnesota 9th Judicial District Court in Polk County, the suspect  just moved to Minnesota on September 22, 2016 from Somalia. Breitbart News contacted the Crookston Police Department and asked whether Ayanle spoke English, whether he arrived under the federal refugee resettlement program or a different immigration program, and for details on his current visa status, but did not receive a response.Breitbart News also contacted Catholic Charities of St. Paul and Lutheran Social Services, two of the largest resettlement agencies based in Minnesota, and asked if either had helped to resettle Ayanle, but did not receive a response. A sexual assault evidence kit was collected at RiverView Health and the Polk County Sheriff s Office is assisting in the continued investigation,  the Times added.Crookston, a city of 7,800 with a 15 person police force, is located 25 miles southeast of Grand Forks, North Dakota.  Breitbart News",0
19449,POLITICO WRITER Suggests Trump Is Having Sex With Daughter Ivanka…Shows No Remorse…Politico FIRES Her,"Politico has terminated its contract with magazine writer Julia Ioffe after she sent a tweet that referenced a possible incestuous relationship between President-elect Donald Trump and his daughter, Ivanka.In a note to Politico staff Wednesday, Editor-in-Chief John Harris and Editor Carrie Budoff Brown said Ioffe violated guidelines against displaying  gratuitous opinion  on social media. Julia Ioffe s tweet this afternoon about President-elect Trump   currently and understandably racing across social media   is a clear example of the opposite of what we were talking about. Julia had previously announced she is taking her work to the Atlantic. We have accelerated the close of her POLITICO contributor contract, effective immediately.   PoynterEarlier in the day, Ioffe sent out this vile tweet:Ioffe is by no means an  objective  journalist (we re not even sure she s actually a journalist), but she does like to stir it up on Twitter with provocative and controversial tweets, like this one mocking the skin color of Trump s cabinet. Of course, she s making a lame attempt at trying to define Trump as a racist:Time to introduce the hashtag #administrationsowhite?  Julia Ioffe (@juliaioffe) December 13, 2016 ",0
19450,"COLLEGE That Receives $280 Million In State, Federal Funds Offers “African American Resistance in the Era of Donald Trump” Class [VIDEO]","OSU will receive more than $212 million in federal funding in 2016, they ll receive and additional $68 million in state funds.This winter, students at Oregon State University will have the opportunity to take a new class that promises to teach them about how African Americans have historically resisted the  white supremacy. The class, titled  African American Resistance in the Era of Donald Trump,  will be taught by Dr. Dwaine Plaza, a professor of sociology and current Chair of the Sociology Program in the School of Public Policy.Plaza announced the new class last week in an email sent to some Oregon State students and obtained by Campus Reform, explaining that  The goal of the course is to give students an understanding for how racism is deeply embedded in social media, movies, television shows, music, art, literature, and sports. In a statement to Campus Reform, Plaza asserted that  the class emerged after the November 8 election,  because  In my opinion we are about to step back into the 1960s when whiteness was currency and people of color needed to be in the shadows struggling for whatever trickles down to us. According to a copy of the syllabus obtained by Campus Reform, the course will teach students about the  evolution of modern racism  from the post-emancipation period up to the election of Donald Trump.Students will also learn about topics such as The Black Panther Party, The Harlem Renaissance, and Racism in Oregon.The class will be held from January 9 through March 17, according to the Oregon State course catalogue, and up to 20 students will be able to take the course, 17 of whom are already enrolled. Two other professors, Larry Rodgers and Marilyn Stewart, will also help teach the course.  Campus ReformOregon is a hot-bed for radical Trump haters. It was one of only a handful of states Hillary won with only 50% of the vote to Trump s 39.3%. On April 9, 2016 anti-Trump terrorists took over a Portland State University pro-Trump student meeting. There is so much irony in people who behave like common thugs and terrorists carrying signs saying,  Love Trumps hate,  while screaming down and threatening anyone with opposing views. ",0
19451,WHOOPIE GOLDBERG: Right To Abort Baby Same As Right To Celebrate Birth Of Jesus Christ [VIDEO], ,0
19452,GERMANY’S DEFENSE MINISTER Refuses To Wear Hijab During Saudi Arabia Visit…Says Trump’s Election Proves Political Correctness Has Been Rejected,"Germany s defense minister refused to wear a traditional head covering during her visit with a Saudi Arabian prince, arguing that women have as much right as men do to wear whatever they choose.Ursula von der Leyen declined to wear a hijab   a veil traditionally worn by Muslim women   or an abaya, a full-length robe, when she met with Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman al Saud in the Saudi capital of Riyadh last Wednesday, according to Sputnik International news. The right to choose your own clothing is a right shared by men and women alike. It annoys me, when women are to be pushed into the Abaya,  Das Bild reported Leyen as saying.According to reports, the woman pictured below, was arrested last week in Saudi Arabia for posting a picture of herself without a burka on social media:Woman who got death threats for posting photo not wearing a hijab arrested in Saudi Arabia https://t.co/2R3vD18UKA pic.twitter.com/c3oaYn8zA4  Muslim World Today (@MWTorg) December 14, 2016When pictures of Leyen, minus a hijab, hit social media, some Saudis went on Twitter to blast her. NYPThis Egyptian Infantry and Air Force veteran applauds  her decision to ditch the hijab:Salute Defence Minister #leyen who represents a free nation, Not like our shameful Minister,We here kneeling for #Saudi, Long live Germany  pic.twitter.com/x80APnzOcB  Belal E. (@irresistibleOne) December 14, 2016 The German Defense Minister: not wearing the hijab in Saudi was deliberate. This is an insult to Saudi Arabia,  read one tweet.Leyen, decked out in a crisp dark pantsuit, said she  respects the customs and traditions of the country. [In Germany] one is free to choose his or her attire accordingly,  Sputnik reported.The incident comes after German Chancellor Angela Merkel recently called for a ban on wearing burkas in her country. ",0
19453,NFL LEGEND Who Supported Hillary Leaves CNN Host Speechless Over Praise For Trump…People Who “called him names when he won”…”He reached back and brought them along with him. He held no grudges”[VIDEO]," I fell in love with him [Trump] because he really talks about helping African-American black people, and that s why I m here. Gotta give the man his due. Donald Trump may be the only person alive equally capable of charming Kanye West, Jim Brown, and Mitt Romney. However you may feel about his shtick on the stump, the guy must have a genius-level quotient of personal charisma in private conversation when he feels like summoning it. I wonder how it ll translate in diplomatic meetings, with leaders from other cultures. It s hard to imagine Trump and Merkel hitting it off in the same way it s hard to imagine Merkel hitting it off with, say, Don King, but nothing would surprise me anymore. Brown sounds like he s ready to sign up for the reelection campaign here.  HA When he goes through what he went through to become the President, he s got my admiration. Because no one game him a chance. You know they called him names. Ahh people that called him names when he won, he reached back and brought them along with him. He held no grudges. ",0
19454,TUCKER CARLSON Calls Out Professor On His Claim Russia Stole The Election [Video],"Another night, another idiot libtard who can t answer a straight question owned by Tucker Carlson. pic.twitter.com/eOklFlkiqy  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) December 14, 2016",0
19455,WOMEN IN FRANCE Fight Back After Muslim Men BAN Them From Sharing Public Spaces [VIDEO],"These women aren t sitting back and waiting for their leftist government to come to their rescue in these  no-go zones  which are spreading across France. A women s rights campaign group is organizing marches and protests in a bid to retake streets in predominantly Islamic neighborhoods which they say have become entirely male dominated.La Brigade des M res, which is aiming to restore gender equality in France s troubled  banlieues , says women in many communities are now too scared to go out because gangs of young men rule the streets.And a shocking undercover report, compiled by the TV channel France 2, shows how women are not welcome in bars and cafes in Muslim majority areas, with many men openly hostile to their presence in public at all.  Express UkThank God we finally have a leader who is brave enough to take the arrows on our behalf, as he takes a tough stand against open-border immigration and unvetted refugees flowing into America. Our nation will never be 100% safe from Islamic terrorism, but for now, we can at least stop the bleeding. We must resist these lawless pockets of resistance in our nation filled with people who have no interest in our rule of law and the freedoms we Americans hold dear.",0
19456,THE TRUTH ABOUT Why SORE LOSER Obama Is Using “Russian Hackers” Story [VIDEO],"Make no mistake: it s payback time. In ordering up a  deep dive  into possible Russian interference in the election of Donald Trump, sore loser Barack Obama wants to delegitimize the real estate magnate s win. His motive? Punishing Trump for the years the mogul spent publicly questioning whether Obama was an American citizen, which cast doubts on the legitimacy of his presidency. Ah, how sweet the revenge. And how pitiful.Never mind the ACTUAL exchange that was caught on a hot mic between Obama and then Russian President Dmitry Medvedev, where Obama promised to have more flexibility to deal with missile defense issues after the 2012 presidential election.President Obama has searched high and, increasingly, low, for the reasons he and Hillary Clinton lost the election. He has blamed Fox News, insufficient grass-roots campaigning by Hillary,  fake news , and now has singled out Russian meddling for the loss of 194 of 207 counties that voted for him in either 2008 or 2012.The suggestion is that Vladimir Putin wanted Trump to win; the liberal media has hinted darkly that the president-elect and his campaign team have  ties  to the Russian head of state.As most Americans review Trump s defense and security picks, the notion that the new administration will go easy on our adversaries   including Russia   is laughable. Retired General James Mattis, whom Trump has nominated to head Defense, has described Russia s annexation of Crimea as a  severe  threat, one underestimated by the Obama White House. Mattis is not to be trifled with.On Sunday, Ambassador John Bolton claimed  that hacks during the election season could have been  a false flag  operation   possibly committed by the Obama administration itself.In an interview with Fox News  Eric Shawn, Bolton questioned why FBI Director James Comey said during the investigation of Hillary Clinton s private server, there was no direct evidence found of foreign intelligence service penetration, but cyber fingerprints were found in regards to the presidential election.The media has ignored the reality that Moscow s possible hacking of DNC and Podesta s emails were retaliation for Hillary Clinton s assertions that Russian elections in 2011 were  rigged    an accusation that infuriated Putin. When protests erupted in Russia over the election outcome, Putin blamed Clinton.  She said they were dishonest and unfair,  Putin said at the time. He accused then Secretary of State Clinton for giving  a signal  to demonstrators organized  with the support of the U.S. State Department We need to safeguard ourselves from this interference in our internal affairs,  Putin said. Does this sound familiar? Turnabout is fair play, and Putin has made it clear that if we mess with his elections, he will mess with ours.Obama knows this. Politico reported in a July piece entitled  Why Putin Hates Hillary  that the Russian leader s anger about Clinton s interference was  communicated directly to President Barack Obama.  Former administration officials involved with Russian policy say the Kremlin saw Clinton as taking a harder line against Russia    reset  notwithstanding   than others in the White House.   And they say Putin sees Clinton as a forceful proponent of  regime change  policies that the Russian leader considers a grave threat to his own survival. That is why the Russians may have tried to undermine Hillary Clinton, not because they see Trump as an ally. Like most of the world, Moscow no doubt expected Clinton to win. Coming into office weakened by Putin s meddling would have undoubtedly pleased Moscow no end.Obama s call for an investigation is transparently bogus. First, the CIA offers up only scant circumstantial evidence   evidence that even the New York Times admits  does not support firm judgements    to make the charge that Russia worked to favor Trump. The FBI isn t even on board with the conclusion.Second, everyone knows that no serious inquiry could possibly be completed by January 20, when Trump will be sworn in. The federal government operates with glacial pacing; Obama knows the report will likely never be completed, and so the issue of Russian hacking will hang like a cloud   like the  birther  rumors   over the Trump White House.While muttering about how the need for  transparency  might inspire the investigation into the hacking, the Times et al ignore the reality: the emails released via WikiLeaks that outed cheating by the DNC in favor of Hillary Clinton, or showed how disrespectful her camp was of Catholics and average Americans, actually increased the transparency of the election. The United States should not tolerate cyberattacks from a foreign government; nor should we tolerate cheating in our politics.Obama is still smarting from having put himself on the line during the campaign, telling the Black Congressional Caucus, for instance,  I will consider it a personal insult, an insult to my legacy, if this community lets down its guard and fails to activate itself in this election. He made Hillary s campaign all about him, but she lost anyway. That has to sting. Especially since Americans, in choosing Trump, also chose to undo most of Obama s most precious accomplishments. For entire story: FOX News",0
19457,BREAKING: TRUMP ANNOUNCES Nominee For Secretary Of State…Liberal Heads Explode!," Leading Republicans have already expressed anxieties about Tillerson, as they contend with intelligence assessments saying that Russia meddled in the U.S. presidential election to help turn the tables Trump s way.   FOX NewsThe RINOs will certainly join in with their concerns just like Marco Rubio did in a tweet: Being a  friend of Vladimir  is not an attribute I am hoping for from a #SecretaryOfState.    Sen. Marco RubioPresident-elect Donald Trump announced Tuesday that he intends to nominate ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State.Tillerson impressed Trump during the two meetings he had with him. Trump had high praise for the energy titan, calling him a  world class player . He s in charge of an oil company that s pretty much double the size of his next nearest competitor,  Trump told host Chris Wallace.  It s been a company that s been unbelievably managed, and to me a great advantage is he knows many of the players and he knows them well. He does massive deals in Russia, he does massive deals for the company. Not for himself, for the company. Trump pointed to Tillerson s relations with Moscow and other political hot spots as a selling point. As ExxonMobil s chief, he maintained close ties with Russia and was awarded by Russian President Vladimir Putin with the Order of Friendship in 2013, a high honor for a foreign citizen.Read more: FOX ",0
19458,"RUSSIAN HACKERS? No, We Found What Lost The Election For Hillary [Video]","It wasn t a #russianhack that lost the election for Hillary. It was this. pic.twitter.com/yzT2Dzb1zp  Rep. Steven Smith (@RepStevenSmith) December 12, 2016",0
19459,THE VIEW WOMEN Go Off The Rails: Trump ‘has to step down before the inauguration’ [Video], ,0
19460,WOW! TOMI LAHREN BLASTS Liberal Media For Trying To Label Conservative News As “Fake”…”Evolve Or DIE Mainstream Media” [VIDEO],Outspoken conservative Tomi Lahren makes some great points about the  failing  mainstream media and the  failing  Democrat party blaming  fake news conservative news for Hillary s loss. To say Facebook favoritism got Donald Trump elected is the most ridiculous thing I ve heard yet. We already know Facebook is in the business of censoring and de-prioritizing conservative leading posts. ,0
19461,SCROOGE PASTOR HECKLES Kids Waiting In Line For Santa: “Santa Does Not Exist!” [Video], ,0
19462,"“THE LEFT IS WILLING To Risk Civil War In America, Nuclear War With Russia Because They’re ‘Butt-hurt’ About Losing…Let That Sink In” [VIDEO]", ,0
19463,WHAT’S MISSING? Microsoft ‘Holiday’ Ad Celebrates The Season In True Lefty Style [Video],"MICROSOFT wants to celebrate the season without Christmas. This commercial wants the holiday to be about anything but CHRISTMAS   We wanted to lift people up and remind them that ordinary people can make a difference. Our message focuses on the spirit of the holidays, people coming together and celebrating what is good and right with the world what unites us, instead of what divides us.  ",0
19464,UK Diplomat Says He’s Met With DNC Leaker…They’re NOT Russian…They’re An Insider [VIDEO],"Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has clearly stated his leaks did not come from Russia. Watch:Former UK ambassador to Uzbekistan Craig Murray, who is a close associate of Julian Assange, said he has met the DNC leaker and he s not Russian. h/t GPI have watched incredulous as the CIA s blatant lie has grown and grown as a media story   blatant because the CIA has made no attempt whatsoever to substantiate it. There is no Russian involvement in the leaks of emails showing Clinton s corruption. Yes this rubbish has been the lead today in the Washington Post in the US and the Guardian here, and was the lead item on the BBC main news. I suspect it is leading the American broadcasts also.A little simple logic demolishes the CIA s claims. The CIA claim they  know the individuals  involved. Yet under Obama the USA has been absolutely ruthless in its persecution of whistleblowers, and its pursuit of foreign hackers through extradition. We are supposed to believe that in the most vital instance imaginable, an attempt by a foreign power to destabilize a US election, even though the CIA knows who the individuals are, nobody is going to be arrested or extradited, or (if in Russia) made subject to yet more banking and other restrictions against Russian individuals? Plainly it stinks. The anonymous source claims of  We know who it was, it was the Russians  are beneath contempt.As Julian Assange has made crystal clear, the leaks did not come from the Russians. As I have explained countless times, they are not hacks, they are insider leaks   there is a major difference between the two. And it should be said again and again, that if Hillary Clinton had not connived with the DNC to fix the primary schedule to disadvantage Bernie, if she had not received advance notice of live debate questions to use against Bernie, if she had not accepted massive donations to the Clinton foundation and family members in return for foreign policy influence, if she had not failed to distance herself from some very weird and troubling people, then none of this would have happened.It is terrible that the prime conduit for this paranoid nonsense is a once great newspaper, the Washington Post, which far from investigating executive power, now is a sounding board for totally evidence free anonymous source briefing of utter bullshit from the executive.In the UK, one single article sums up the total abnegation of all journalistic standards. The truly execrable Jonathan Freedland of the Guardian writes  Few credible sources doubt that Russia was behind the hacking of internal Democratic party emails, whose release by Julian Assange was timed to cause maximum pain to Hillary Clinton and pleasure for Trump.  Does he produce any evidence at all for this assertion? No, none whatsoever. What does a journalist mean by a  credible source ? Well, any journalist worth their salt in considering the credibility of a source will first consider access. Do they credibly have access to the information they claim to have?Now both Julian Assange and I have stated definitively the leak does not come from Russia. Do we credibly have access? Yes, very obviously. Very, very few people can be said to definitely have access to the source of the leak. The people saying it is not Russia are those who do have access. After access, you consider truthfulness. Do Julian Assange and I have a reputation for truthfulness? Well in 10 years not one of the tens of thousands of documents WikiLeaks has released has had its authenticity successfully challenged. As for me, I have a reputation for inconvenient truth telling.Contrast this to the  credible sources  Freedland relies on. What access do they have to the whistleblower? Zero. They have not the faintest idea who the whistleblower is. Otherwise they would have arrested them. What reputation do they have for truthfulness? It s the Clinton gang and the US government, for goodness sake.The worst thing about all this is that it is aimed at promoting further conflict with Russia. This puts everyone in danger for the sake of more profits for the arms and security industries   including of course bigger budgets for the CIA. As thankfully the four year agony of Aleppo comes swiftly to a close today, the Saudi and US armed and trained ISIS forces counter by moving to retake Palmyra. This game kills people, on a massive scale, and goes on and on. For entire blog post, go to: Craig MurrayIt s worth mentioning, the murder case of Seth Rich, a 27 year old DNC operative has not yet been solved.Possible Whistle Blower on Democratic Party Voter #Fraud assassinated in Washington DC,not in MsM https://t.co/Cbem0AJvw5 #DNC  Egypt Built (@HosamDakhakhni) July 12, 2016On August 9, 2016 Julian Assange offered a $20,000 reward for information that would lead to the conviction of the person or people who murdered Seth Rich. Why did Assange make that offer?ANNOUNCE: WikiLeaks has decided to issue a US$20k reward for information leading to conviction for the murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich.  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) August 9, 2016While Wilileaks Julian Assange was being interviewed by John Pilger, he brought up the death of Seth Rich:Watch Assange s reaction to Pilger s question during the same interview in slow motion here. What do you think? Is he nodding in agreement to his question about Seth Rich?THE RUSSIA HOAX: Julian Assange acknowledges murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich was Wikileaks' source. Why is MSM covering this up? #Trump pic.twitter.com/FS297JooQI  ViveLaFrance (@vivelafra) December 11, 2016Here is part of the conversation:Julian Assange: Whistleblowers go to significant efforts to get us material and often very significant risks. As a 27 year-old, works for the DNC, was shot in the back, murdered just a few weeks ago for unknown reasons as he was walking down the street in Washington.Reporter: That was just a robbery, I believe. Wasn t it?Julian Assange: No. There s no finding. So  I m suggesting that our sources take risks.Perhaps Obama should stop blaming the Russians and start asking the FBI and CIA to take a closer look at the unsolved murder of Seth Rich. But if the answer lies within the Democrat Party, that s probably not gonna happen. Obama and Hillary would rather start a war with Russia ",0
19465,JILL STEIN CONCEDES Recount In Michigan In Bizarre Press Conference [VIDEO],"Officially, history will record President-elect Donald Trump as having won the 2016 presidential race in Michigan by some 10,704 votes.But Dr. Jill Stein, the Green Party s presidential candidate in the 2016 election, believes that the numbers would be different if all 4.8 million votes cast in the Wolverine State were recounted.That won t happen, Stein conceded in a rally in downtown Detroit on Saturday, a day after the non-recused members of the Michigan Supreme Court ruled, by a 3-2 margin, against Stein s appeal, leaving the candidate with no recourse. We may be moving out of the court of law, but we re moving into the court of public opinion,  Stein said.The rally lasted about 40 minutes in freezing temperatures, and attracted dozens of the candidate s supporters. It took place near the foot of a street named ceremonially for Congressman John Conyers, Washington Boulevard. Bell, a Green Party member who helped supervise the vote-counting effort at Cobo, became emotional several times during her brief remarks, during which she called the election system in Michigan  a flaming hot mess,  a language Stein would herself adopt. Even if the results of the 2016 election won t change, and even if there won t be a full recount in Michigan, Stein said, the state needs election reform.Bell called out voting irregularities she d learned of, like how a polling place in Ionia County allegedly used a garbage can as a ballot box, or one in Gibraltar that sealed a ballot box with mere duct tape, or a precinct in Detroit that tabulated 300 votes but only 50 were found in the box. Hot mess! Hot mess!  Bell said before handing the microphone to Stein. Count every vote, and make sure every vote counts,  Stein said.  This dysfunction in our elections flows downhill. It flows to communities that do not have resources The equipment that s used is prone to break. And it s not just the 87 scanners that failed in Detroit on Election Day. What raised a  red flag  in Michigan, Stein said, was the 75,000 ballots cast without also making a choice in the presidential race. MLive",0
19466,REINCE PRIEBUS Embarrasses Snarky NBC Meet The Press Host For Promoting FAKE Russian RNC Hacking Story [VIDEO],"The entire premise for Chuck Todd s position is two media reports.  One of those media reports (NYT) is demonstrably false; the second (WaPo) is specifically constructed to target and undermine the Trump presidency.  The Washington Post was previously cited, on the record, with their own statements, claiming their intention and motivation to oppose the Donald Trump candidacy.Incoming White House Chief-of-Staff Reince Priebus pushes back against reports from both publications based on his personal knowledge one is false; and no indication the second is anything other than false.  Conservative TreehouseReince Priebus was almost laughing out loud at the obviously flustered Chuck Todd after he became overly emotional when Preibus demanded the accusations that the RNC was hacked by the NYT s and the Washington Post were NOT TRUE:  I don t know why you re so hot about this? The fact of the matter is, you should be happy the RNC was not hacked. The RNC was not hacked Chuck! Then why was the FBI there? , Todd whines Priebus is finally fed up with Chuck Todd s obsession with getting him to admit that the RNC was hacked:  So you tell me, why would the press run with something that wasn t true? No response was given to Priebus  question.Todd presses on:  Do you not believe Russia was involved? Priebus:  Here s what I m saying, you don t have a single source. You tell me who the specific source is who said the RNC was hacked? https://youtu.be/zPPZbrouq-8",0
19467,FLASHBACK: Remember When Obama Was Caught Telling Russian President He’d Have “More Flexibility” After He Won Re-Election? [VIDEO]…Why Didn’t Anyone Question “Russian Interference” In His Defeat Of Mitt Romney Who Called Russia “Our Biggest Threat”?,Here s Obama defending Russia during a debate and calling out Romney for saying Russia was our biggest threat:And no one was concerned about Russian interference in the 2012 elections? ,0
19468,"KELLYANNE CONWAY Responds To DEATH THREATS Against Her After Hillary’s Communications Director Pens Hate-Filled, Inflammatory Washington Post Op-Ed [VIDEO]","Donald Trump s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway and Hillary Clinton campaign communications director Jennifer Palmieri got in a very heated argument at a forum hosted by Harvard University s Kennedy School of Government on December 1st where they talked about the aftermath of the election. There were many fiery exchanges.The conversation quickly devolved into Palmieri accusing the Trump campaign of running on a platform of white supremacy and catering to the  alt-right.  Conway called the Clinton campaign bitter and that their candidate just couldn t connect with people is the reason why they lost.Here is the exchange:.@KellyannePolls talks to @HardballChris about receiving death threats and the need to end incendiary rhetoric https://t.co/wF6jv1b8nl  Hardball (@hardball) December 9, 2016Here is the Op-ed written by sore loser and closet Catholic-basher Jen Palmieri who clearly can t get over the fact that a woman helped Trump win the presidency. It s also the op-ed that according to Conway caused her to receive death threats:Jennifer Palmieri was communications director for Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign.I know how to be a gracious loser.I could have let it go last week when Kellyanne Conway, Donald Trump s campaign manager, challenged me to look her in the eye and say she ran a campaign that gave white supremacists a platform. I considered for a split second. I knew you were supposed to be gracious when you come for the post-election forum at Harvard s Kennedy School of Government. But I decided this was a year where normal rules don t apply. Speaking the truth was more important. It did. Kellyanne, it did,  I told her. It s just a fact. Trump winning the election doesn t change that. To my mind, his win makes it all the more important that the truth be acknowledged.My colleagues and I from the Hillary Clinton campaign knew what we were likely to face from the Trump side at the Harvard University event and thought hard about our obligations as representatives of the losing side in this most unconventional of years   particularly when our candidate actually won the popular vote by a large margin. As I like to note, Clinton received more votes for president than any white man in U.S. history.Our candidate gave us a good model to follow. She had the grace to call Trump on election night to congratulate him and concede. But in her concession speech she also challenged all of us to defend our rights and principles under the Constitution   rights and principles that she and many of the people who voted for her feared could be under threat in a Trump presidency. The campaign has ended, and we accept that Trump won. But we are not laying down our principles or abandoning our supporters. That s the frame of mind I brought to Harvard.A good bit of the post-election analysis has centered on what our campaign should have done differently. That s appropriate. We should think long and hard about why we lost. Trust me, we have.But it s also important for the winners of this campaign to think long and hard about the voters who rejected them. I haven t seen much evidence of such introspection from the Trump side. That s concerning.I don t know whether the Trump campaign needed to give a platform to white supremacists to win. But the campaign clearly did, and it had the effect of empowering the white-nationalist movement.Trump provided a platform by retweeting white nationalists   giving their views an audience of millions. Views previously relegated to the darkest corners of the Internet also had a platform on Breitbart, the website of Trump campaign chief executive Stephen K. Bannon.  Before Trump, our identity ideas, national ideas, they had no place to go,  said Richard Spencer, president of a white-nationalist think tank that held a post-election conference in Washington. Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke said this fall,  The fact that Donald Trump s doing so well, it proves that I m winning. So one person who is tied to a white nationalist think tank says he supports Trump on Twitter and that somehow confirms that Trump s campaign was built around a white nationalist movement?If you want to waste more time reading this sore loser s false and unfounded accusations, the entire op-ed can be found here: Washington Post",0
19469,RUSH Limbaugh DESTROYS Hillary With Montage Of LIES In VIRAL VIDEO After She Blamed “Fake News” For Her Loss,"Not because she s an unlikeable elitist liar, with no fresh ideas, who felt entitled to the White House.What s even more absurd than the left s inability to accept REALITY, is the fact that no one spread more FAKE NEWS than liberals and even Hillary herself.  TruthfeedRush Limbaugh brilliantly exposes the lies Hillary told in this montage: ",0
19470,"WAR HAWK, ANTI-TRUMPER RINOS Join Dems To Investigate Russian Influence In Election…Trump Says Russian Interference Claim Is “Ridiculous”[VIDEO]","Pro man-made climate change, RINO Lindsay Graham, who never saw a war he didn t want to engage our troops in, joins his war hawk, RINO, anti-Trumper friend John McCain (who got crushed by Obama in the 2008 Presidential election), to call for investigations into Russian influence in our November elections. John McCain withdrew his support for Trump after the bad words he used in a private conversation with another guy. Lindsey Graham got crushed by Trump in the primaries and was a loud voice against his nomination. He eventually changed his mind and offered his support for Trump in the general election against Hillary. John McCain did not change his mind.The recount is over, but there s still time to discredit the legitimacy of Donald J. Trump s landslide election. Who better to help the Democrats, than two RINO s who are at the top of the heap when it comes to draining useless Republicans from  the swamp. South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham (R) said Wednesday he would lead a charge to investigate Russia s interference in the U.S. election and hacks on the Democratic Party. I think [Donald] Trump should take a real tough tone with Russia, because if he doesn t, you re going to allow Russia to begin to break apart alliances,  Graham told CNN s Manu Raju.The Republican senator also said he hoped to use his leadership role on two subcommittees to launch a deeper investigation of Russia s hacks, CNN reported. Graham chairs the State, Foreign Operations and Related Programs subcommittee and the Crime and Terrorism subcommittee.Raju said Graham told him that he and Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), chair of the Armed Services Committee, will travel to Eastern Europe to investigate Russian meddling in other countries  elections.During the campaign, Graham was a strong GOP critic of Trump, including on his friendlier stance toward Russia, and chose to vote instead for independent candidate Evan McMullin.  The HillThe Obama administration clearly stated that they saw NO evidence of outside election tampering in the general election.On November 26, 2016 the Obama administration said it has seen no evidence of hackers tampering with the 2016 presidential election, even as recount proceedings began in Wisconsin. We stand behind our election results, which accurately reflect the will of the American people,  a senior administration official told POLITICO late Friday. The federal government did not observe any increased level of malicious cyber activity aimed at disrupting our electoral process on election day,  the official added.  We believe our elections were free and fair from a cybersecurity perspective. Yet yesterday this story appeared in the New York Times: WASHINGTON   American intelligence agencies have concluded with  high confidence  that Russia acted covertly in the latter stages of the presidential campaign to harm Hillary Clinton s chances and promote Donald J. Trump, according to senior administration officials.They based that conclusion, in part, on another finding   which they say was also reached with high confidence   that the Russians hacked the Republican National Committee s computer systems in addition to their attacks on Democratic organizations, but did not release whatever information they gleaned from the Republican networks.In the months before the election, it was largely documents from Democratic Party systems that were leaked to the public. Intelligence agencies have concluded that the Russians gave the Democrats  documents to WikiLeaks.Republicans have a different explanation for why no documents from their networks were ever released. Over the past several months, officials from the Republican committee have consistently said that their networks were not compromised, asserting that only the accounts of individual Republicans were attacked. On Friday, a senior committee official said he had no comment.Donald Trump has said the CIA s conclusion that Russia interfered in the presidential election is  ridiculous  and being used by Democrats as  just another excuse  for his defeat of Hillary Clinton.The president-elect told Fox News Sunday that he did not necessarily oppose Barack Obama s order for a review of campaign-season cyber-attacks.But he added that in any such effort,  you should not just say  Russia . You should say other countries also, and maybe other individuals.   Guardian",0
19471,KELLYANNE CONWAY Delivers KNOCK OUT Punch To Smug Jake Tapper At CNN Town Hall Forum [VIDEO],"When an audience member asks Kellyanne Conway if Trump will continue to use Twitter as a means to communicate with Americans, he ended his comment with a swipe at Trump not being entirely truthful with his tweets. Kellyanne Conway responded that it would be up to him and the Secret Service, and that he looks at it as a very good platform for him to convey his messages.Jake Tapper suggested that Trump s tweet about 3 million illegal aliens voting in the election was false. Of course Tapper has no evidence to back up his assertion. The state of California alone has over 2.6 million illegal aliens who could ve technically voted in the election. In fact, the two top counties where Hillary received the most votes, are coincidentally the same two counties who have the highest percentage of illegal aliens. In October, 2015, a California state bill was signed in to law by Gov. Jerry Brown, that registers and allows illegal aliens to vote in US Elections. So just in the state of California alone, over 2.6 million illegal aliens could have voted in the election. We haven t even talked about the illegal aliens who weren t caught voting in this election because of loopholes in states that allowed illegal aliens to register to vote when they obtained legal drivers licenses.But Tapper pressed on asking:Tapper:  Is that really Presidential behavior? Conway:  Well he s the President-Elect, so that s Presidential behavior, yes. Tapper: So the things that Bill Clinton did in the Oval Office, that you criticized, those weren t Presidential? Conway:  Should we review for those who weren t born yet what President Clinton did in the Oval Office? Boom!https://youtu.be/t7tc3Gr0d5M",0
19472,Kellyanne Conway SHUTS DOWN ABC News Hack George Stephanopoulos After He Tries To Convince Viewers Trump Isn’t Legitimate President [VIDEO],"Talking to The Hollywood Reporter, Wentworth said that If Trump wins, we ll start looking at real estate in Sydney, Australia. No crime, no guns. The couple s plans pour further scorn over Stephanopoulos s supposed  objectivity  given his role as a prominent interviewer for ABC, having interviewed Donald Trump twice over the election cycle.  BreitbartNotice how ABC starts out the interview between Stephanopoulos and Conway by flashing a screen shot of Hillary s popular vote numbers compared to Trump s when they have nothing to do with the context of the conversation. This is called subliminal messaging, proving the mainstream media has mastered the art of manipulation. Watch the interview here. Stephanopoulos and his wife s connections to Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party are well documented, with Stephanopoulos having previously worked as an adviser to Bill Clinton and the couple also having donated over $75,000 to the Clinton Foundation.Trump himself pointed out Stephanopoulos s ties to the Clinton Foundation in their most recent interview. On the subject of his regrets, he admitted he had many but added that Stephanopoulos should regret donating to the foundation.These mainstream media hacks who have been given a pass by Republicans for decades are finding themselves in the very difficult position of having to defend themselves against their obvious biases: ",0
19473,FAKE NEWS UPDATE: Newsweek Reporter Caught LYING About Trump Supporters Booing Late John Glenn Tries To Cover Tracks,"Newsweek reporter Kurt Eichenwald came under fire Thursday after sending a tweet that incorrectly reported that Iowa supporters of president-elect Donald Trump booed astronaut and former senator John Glenn when informed of his recent passing.Eichenwald s initial tweet (which has since been deleted) racked up thousands of retweets and likes in a short time.  MediaiteWhen asked why they might have booed, he speculated that it was because Glenn was a Democrat.He just moved on, said ""maybe they'll come around."" I think context was that Glenn was a democrat.  Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) December 9, 2016But notice the interesting tidbit, that Trump said  maybe they ll come around.  According to other reports on the ground, Trump said this while his supporters were booing protesters.Post-election Trump: as protesters heckle and crowd boos them, he says: ""I think they're actually on our side. They just don't know it yet."" pic.twitter.com/qFSH3qUVUE  Mike Memoli (@mikememoli) December 9, 2016Eichenwald s false tweet shouldn t surprise anyone, given his obsession with pumping out FAKE news about Trump s ties to Russia, and how they affected the outcome of our election. The mainstream media is panicking over the realization that they ve lost their influence over Americans, and the market share with advertisers to alternative conservative alternative news sources. And now, it s their obsession with convincing Americans that Trump worked with the Russians to influence the outcome of our election.After Eichenwald was caught fabricating story about Trump supporters, he made an apology on Twitter: Meanwhile, he s still trying to excuse Hillary s seizure in NYC at the 9-11 ceremony as  pneumonia  related:It s time to get over it Kurt Hillary lost. America voted for a majority in the House and Senate, and for the next two years, there are no more chances at changing that simple fact. ",0
19474,"MORE JOBS! DOW COMPANY CEO At MI Trump Rally: Announces New MI Plant: “We’re Not A ‘Red Tape’ Company, But A ‘Red Carpet’ Country For American Businesses”","While he was speaking, he made a welcome announcement to the crowd of Michiganders: We ve made a decision. We re going to announce a state-of-the-art innovation center in Michigan. We re going to put an R&D Center in place. This decision is because of this man and these policies. We could have waited. We could have put it anywhere in the world. Several hundred jobs on top of the thousands. We are not waiting. We are going ahead. We are going to use American hard work and American brains and we re going to fight for the Dow company out of the USA. I tingle with pride listening to you. To honor me to help you chair American Manufacturing Council. To put in place the investments that you talk about. You re paving the way with your administration with your policies to make it easier to do business in this country. Not a  red tape  country but a  red carpet  country for American businesses. America first, as you said. That s what we have to do. And you can count on me and the business leaders that we ll put on this team. This will be America s finest and brightest to help us solve these problems that you all have. We need to employ our youth. We need to help all of our citizens. We need to give you hope. We need to find a way back. To believe in ourselves again. I bleed America and I bleed Michigan. ",0
19475,MEGYN KELLY Reportedly Not Very Popular With FOX Staff…Book Sales Are “biggest loser since Hillary Clinton’s book [Hard Choices]”," Everybody in the building is sick of it. We absolutely can t stand it anymore,  the source said.There are rumors that Kelly may leave for CNN   and Vanity Fair reported Thursday that Kelly is also considering a move to ABC. In both cases, she is rumored to be considering salary offers less than the $20 million that Fox has reportedly offered her to stay, in exchange for more advantageous working conditions.HarperCollins   which, like Fox News, is owned by Rupert Murdoch s News Corporation   paid Kelly a reported $6 million advance.The source told Breitbart News that Kelly s sales figures were disappointing:  For someone with a profile, that s a disaster, an unmitigated disaster. It s the biggest loser since Hillary Clinton s book [Hard Choices]. Kelly, the source added,  loses a million viewers from O Reilly. She s clearly the weakest link in the lineup. For entire story: Breitbart ",0
19476,HOW MANY DIFFERENT Ways Can Arrogant Liberals Say Donald Trump Will Never Be Elected As Our President? [VIDEO],You may need a calculator to count how many asinine liberals said Trump will never be elected President of the United States. I wonder how many are sick of eating crow?https://youtu.be/PyEXshBOwEU,0
19477,"SHERIFF CLARKE BLASTS Liberal Crybaby Lawyer: “There Are Dead Cops Because Of Fake News Story [‘Hands Up Don’t Shoot’] Out Of Ferguson, Missouri” [VIDEO]","""Fake news"" was born in August 2014 in Ferguson MO. when @MSNBC @nytimes @washingtonpost @CNN all propagated the Hands up, Don't shoot lie. pic.twitter.com/O2cjpm63GQ  David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) December 6, 2016On Thursday Sheriff Clarke went off on liberal lawyer Eric Guster on Hannity over the  Hands up, Don t Shoot  lie. Clarke slammed the lawyer for pushing lies that have resulted in the deaths of police officers across the country.After Guster defended the  Hands Up, Don t Shoot  movement Sheriff Clarke went off.  GP",0
19478,OOPS! OBAMA Tells Troops No Foreign Terror Attacks Happened On His Watch: Here’s Complete List Of RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR Attacks On US Soil During His Presidency [VIDEO]," In a speech at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Florida on Tuesday, President Obama declared that  [n]o foreign terrorist organization has successfully planned and executed an attack on our homeland.  The claim earned perfunctory applause, but a closer look at the reaction of many of the servicemen and women there made clear what they really thought about the administration s handling of national security.Obama speaks to our troops at MacDill Air Force Base about foreign terror attacks on our homeland:The President s claim  which he has repeated in some form or fashion over the last few years  is an obvious rhetorical attempt to gloss over the reality of the threat of radical Islamic terror on American soil. The attempt to disconnect lone wolf  terrorists from the terror organizations who often inspire them does nothing to alleviate the pain of those who have suffered at the hands of jihadists and only hurts prevention efforts. Rhetorical tricks aside, the reality is that during Obama s tenure scores of innocent Americans have been murdered on U.S. soil by jihadists, most of whom were inspired by or acting under the direction of foreign terror groups, particularly the Islamic state.Below is a list of the major, verifiable radical Islamic terror attacks  successfully planned and executed  on U.S. soil since Obama first took office in 2009 (the first section provided by Daily Wire s Aaron Bandler): Little Rock, Arkansas, June 1, 2009. Abdulhakim Mujahid Muhammad shot and murdered one soldier, Army Pvt. William Andrew Long, and injured another, Pvt. Quinton Ezeagwula, at a military recruiting station in Little Rock. Muhammad reportedly converted to Islam in college and was on the FBI s radar after being arrested in Yemen a hotbed of radical Islamic terrorism for using a Somali passport, even though he was a U.S. citizen. In a note to an Arkansas judge, Muhammad claimed to be a member of al-Qaeda in the Arab Peninsula, the terror group s Yemen chapter.Fort Hood, Texas, November 5, 2009. Major Nidal Malik Hasan shot up a military base in Fort Hood and murdered 14 people. Hasan was in contact with al-Qaeda terrorist Anwar al-Awlaki prior to the attack and shouted Allahu Akbar! as he fired upon the soldiers on the Fort Hood base. After being sentenced to death, Hasan requested to join ISIS while on death row. It took six years for Obama to acknowledge the shooting as a terror attack instead of  workplace violence. Boston, Massachusetts, April 15, 2013. Tamerlan and Dhozkar Tsarnaev set off two bombs at the 2013 Boston marathon, killing three and injuring over 260 people. The Tsarnaev brothers later shot and murdered Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer Sean Collier. The Tsarnaev brothers were self-radicalized through online jihadist propaganda and through a mosque with ties to al-Qaeda.Moore, Oklahoma, September 24, 2014. Alton Nolen beheaded a woman, Colleen Huff, at a Vaughan Foods plant and stabbed and injured another person. While Nolen s motives are unclear, he appears to have been another radicalized Muslim who was obsessed with beheadings.Queens, New York, October 23, 2014. Zale Thompson, another self-radicalized Muslim, injured two police officers with a hatchet before being shot dead by other cops. Thompson reportedly indoctrinated himself with ISIS, al-Qaeda and al-Shabab a Somali jihadist terror group websites and was a lone wolf attacker.Brooklyn, New York, December 20, 2014. Ismaayil Brinsley shot and murdered two police officers execution-style and his Facebook page featured jihadist postings and had ties to a terror-linked mosque.Garland, Texas, May 3, 2015. Two gunmen shot up the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, where a Mohammed cartoon contest was taking place, and were killed by a police officer. ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack.Chattanooga, Tennessee, July 16, 2015. Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez shot and killed four Marines and a sailor at a military base in Chattanooga and was believed to have been inspired by ISIS.San Bernardino, California, December 14, 2015. Two radical Islamists, Syed Farook and Tashfeen Malik, shot and murdered 14 people and injured 22 others at an office holiday party.Orlando, Florida, June 12, 2016. Omar Mateen, 29, opened fire at a gay nightclub, killing 49 and injuring 53. The FBI investigated Mateen twice before his rampage, but did not take any substantive action. Officials believe Mateen was self-radicalized but he pledged fealty to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi before his death.  The real muslims will never accept the filthy ways of the west, Mateen posted on his Facebook page after committing his heinous act at Pulse nightclub.  I pledge my alliance to (ISIS leader) abu bakr al Baghdadi..may Allah accept me, he wrote.St. Cloud, Minnesota, September 17, 2016. Dahir Ahmed Adan, a 20-year-old Somali refugee, began hacking at people with a steak knife at a Minnesota mall, injuring nine people before he was shot dead by off-duty police officer Jason Falconer. The FBI said numerous witnesses heard Adan yelling  Allahu akbar!  and  Islam! Islam!  during the rampage. He also asked potential victims if they were Muslims before inflicting wounds in their heads, necks, and chests. The FBI believe he had recently become self-radicalized. (As the Daily Wire highlighted, the Minneapolis Star Tribune attempted to blame  anti-Muslim tensions  for his murderous actions.)New York City/New Jersey, September 17, 2016. Ahmad Khan Rahami, a 28-year-old naturalized citizen from Afghanistan, set off multiple bombs in New York and New Jersey. In Chelsea, his bomb resulted in the injury of over 30 people. Rahami wrote in his journal that he was connected to  terrorist leaders,  and appears to have been heavily influenced by Sheikh Anwar, Anwar al-Awlaki, Nidal Hassan, and Osama bin Laden.  I pray to the beautiful wise ALLAH, [d]o not take JIHAD away from me,  Rahami wrote.  You [USA Government] continue your [unintelligible] slaught[er]  against the holy warriors, be it Afghanistan, Iraq, Sham [Syria], Palestine   Columbus, Ohio, November 28, 2016. Abdul Razak Ali Artan, an ISIS-inspired 20-year-old Somali refugee who had been granted permanent legal residence in 2014 after living in Pakistan for 7  years, attempted to run over his fellow Ohio State students on campus. After his car was stopped by a barrier, he got out of the vehicle and began hacking at people with a butcher knife before being shot dead by a campus police officer. He injured 11 people, one critically. ISIS took credit for the attack, describing Artan as their  soldier.  Just three minutes before his rampage, Artan posted a warning to America on Facebook that the lone wolf attacks will continue until America  give[s] peace to the Muslims.  He also praised deceased al-Qaeda cleric Anwar Al-Awlaki as a  hero. Daily Wire ",0
19479,"BLACK LAWYER, Editor Of Legal Website Writes: Black Jurors Should Automatically Vote To Free Any Black Person Accused Of Murdering, Committing Crime Against A White Person Regardless Of Evidence","Elie Mystal, an editor and contributor to the law blog Above The Law, posted a December 7 article urging all black Americans who end up on juries to engage in  jury nullification  by automatically voting to acquit all blacks accused of crimes, especially that of murder, against white victims and to do so no matter how much evidence is brought to bear against the suspect.Mystal justified this lawlessness by claiming that  African-Americans live in a world where the police can murder us and get away with it. There is no justice for black people. And yet violently revolting against the system will get us nowhere,  he added.This, Mystal says, is reason enough to work against the legal system in all areas. Maybe it s time minorities got in the game?  Mystal added.Mystal goes on to call whites who have had a crime committed against them or who have been murdered a  purported  victim  and says blacks have no responsibility to help any white person  achieve justice.  Breitbart NewsBy the way, Elie Mystal of  Above The Law  is the same person who while told Mike Huckabee that while  climate change  is going to be incredibly expensive, You know what s going to be more expensive? retro-fitting everyone on the East Coast with gills so we can breath under-water. Here are some tweets regarding Mystal s controversial article:Black juries treating white people the way white juries treat black people = rage hate against the white race? Equality is a bitch I guess.  Elie Mystal (@ElieNYC) December 9, 2016This Twitter user pointed out to Mystal that his remarks are  incredibly dangerous :Mystal s not concerned about the law, he simply wants  justice  by any means necessary. How is this person still allowed to practice law? What's dangerous is thinking cops can murder people and get away with it, while POC wait patiently for the system to get over its issues. https://t.co/8WbVyuEH6x  Elie Mystal (@ElieNYC) December 8, 2016Here is the article Mystal posted to Twitter from his   Above the Law  (appropriately named) legal blog: Jury Nullification is a way black people can protest the justice system, and make white people notice. (by @ElieNYC)https://t.co/DJv4wn9BIK  Above the Law (@atlblog) December 7, 2016",0
19480,NOT KIDDING! Serial Liar Brian Williams Blames “FAKE NEWS” For Hillary’s Loss On MSNBC Last Night [VIDEO],"The man suspended from his TV anchor job for faking his own news is furious about the spread of  fake news. Brian Williams, who was forced to take a 6-month vacation before being permanently relieved of his  Nightly News  duties on NBC, railed about the new epidemic of  fake news  in his MSNBC show earlier this week. Fake news played a role in this election and continues to find a wide audience,  Williams whined Tuesday night in his middle-of-the-night show.Specifically, Williams singled out Trump s incoming national security adviser, Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, and his son for spreading falsehoods. Williams is no stranger to fake news. He was punished in February 2015 for lying about a helicopter ride in Iraq that he claimed came under heavy enemy fire.In 2003, Williams and an NBC team were reporting in Iraq when three Chinook helicopters came under fire.Williams claimed he was on one of the copters that were hit, when he aboard a different helicopter located about an hour behind the other three. I don t know what screwed up in my mind that caused me to conflate one aircraft with another,  Williams told  Stars and Stripes  after crew members from the helicopters that were hit that day came forward.Questions were also raised about Williams  coverage in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans in 2005.Williams claimed he could see bodies in flooding from his hotel room in the French Quarter.But the New Orleans Advocate reported that the French Quarter was largely spared in the catastrophe and saw little flooding.-NYP",0
19481,WOW! GEORGIA Refused Election Cyber-Support From Obama’s DHS…Now Sec Of State Demands Answers After Claiming DHS Tried To Breach His Office’s Firewall,"This is pretty scary stuff. A federal government agency run by an Obama crony attempting to penetrate the firewall of a State agency tasked with overseeing the elections? What conceivable reason could Obama s DHS have for hacking the Georgia Sec of State s office after the election?Georgia s secretary of state has claimed the Department of Homeland Security tried to breach his office s firewall and has issued a letter to Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson asking for an explanation.Brian Kemp issued a letter to Johnson on Thursday after the state s third-party cybersecurity provider detected an IP address from the agency s Southwest D.C. office trying to penetrate the state s firewall. According to the letter, the attempt was unsuccessful.The attempt took place on Nov. 15, a few days after the presidential election. The office of the Georgia Secretary of State is responsible for overseeing the state s elections. At no time has my office agreed to or permitted DHS to conduct penetration testing or security scans of our network,  Kemp wrote in the letter, which was also sent to the state s federal representatives and senators.  Moreover, your department has not contacted my office since this unsuccessful incident to alert us of any security event that would require testing or scanning of our network. This is especially odd and concerning since I serve on the Election Cyber Security Working Group that your office created. The Department of Homeland Security has received Secretary Kemp s letter,  a DHS spokesperson told CyberScoop.  We are looking into the matter. DHS takes the trust of our public and private sector partners seriously, and we will respond to Secretary Kemp directly. Georgia was one of two states that refused cyber-hygiene support and penetration testing from DHS in the lead up to the presidential election. The department had made a significant push for it after hackers spent months exposing the Democratic National Committee s internal communications and data.David Dove, Kemp s chief of staff, told CyberScoop the Georgia secretary of state s office  got a lot of grief  for refusing help from DHS. We basically said we don t need DHS s help,  because of the contract with the third-party provider, Dove said.The office of the Georgia Secretary of State would not reveal who the provider is, only saying the company  analyzes more than 180 billion events a day globally across a 5,000+ customer base which includes many Fortune 500 companies. Johnson announced shortly after the election that DHS found no evidence of an attack on Election Day.In the months and weeks leading up to the election fake news sources like The Washington Post did everything in their power to convince Americans that Georgia was in play for Hillary: The attempt took place on Nov. 15, a few days after the presidential election. The office of the Georgia Secretary of State is responsible for overseeing the state s elections. At no time has my office agreed to or permitted DHS to conduct penetration testing or security scans of our network,  Kemp wrote in the letter, which was also sent to the state s federal representatives and senators.  Moreover, your department has not contacted my office since this unsuccessful incident to alert us of any security event that would require testing or scanning of our network. This is especially odd and concerning since I serve on the Election Cyber Security Working Group that your office created. The Department of Homeland Security has received Secretary Kemp s letter,  a DHS spokesperson told CyberScoop.  We are looking into the matter. DHS takes the trust of our public and private sector partners seriously, and we will respond to Secretary Kemp directly. Georgia was one of two states that refused cyber-hygiene support and penetration testing from DHS in the leadup to the presidential election. The department had made a significant push for it after hackers spent months exposing the Democratic National Committee s internal communications and data.In an interview with Politico, Kemp intimated that the federal government s hacking fears were overblown, saying  they now think our whole system is on the verge of disaster because some Russian s going to tap into the voting system. David Dove, Kemp s chief of staff, told CyberScoop the Georgia secretary of state s office  got a lot of grief  for refusing help from DHS. We basically said we don t need DHS s help,  because of the contract with the third-party provider, Dove said.The office of the Georgia Secretary of State would not reveal who the provider is, only saying the company  analyzes more than 180 billion events a day globally across a 5,000+ customer base which includes many Fortune 500 companies. While the majority of states worked with DHS for help in protecting their election systems from hacks, cybersecurity experts were at oddsas to what portions of the country would be targeted for Election Day attacks.Johnson announced shortly after the election that DHS found no evidence of an attack on Election Day. analyzes more than 180 billion events a day globally across a 5,000+ customer base which includes many Fortune 500 companies. While the majority of states worked with DHS for help in protecting their election systems from hacks, cybersecurity experts were at oddsas to what portions of the country would be targeted for Election Day attacks.Johnson announced shortly after the election that DHS found no evidence of an attack on Election Day.The manipulation of minds Americans witnessed by our leftist media leading up to, and during this election was unprecedented. Leftist news sources like The Washington Post tried to convince voters that Hillary had a shot at winning the solidly red state of Georgia: A new Atlanta Journal-Constitution poll of the presidential race in that state puts Hillary Clinton in a slight lead over Donald Trump, 44 to 40. This is inside-the-margin-of-error stuff, mind you, but only barely. (It s also a break from the state of the race in the RealClearPolitics polling average, which gives Trump a four-point lead, though with only a handful of polls included.)Georgia has been shifting a bit politically in recent presidential elections, becoming slightly less Republican relative to the rest of the country   but it still has been voting more Republican than America on the whole. So in 2012, when Barack Obama won by four points, Mitt Romney won Georgia by eight   making the state 12 points more Republican, just a tick less than it was in 2008.With so many forces, and resources being used against Donald J. Trump, it s absolutely amazing he won the election ",0
19482,MI Election Recount Nightmare: “Write-In” Votes For Bernie In Detroit Were Being Counted As Votes For Hillary…And More,"Counting Bernie Sanders write-in votes for Clinton in Michigan. Any gains by Clinton are stolen votes.  Mike Roman (@mikeroman) December 7, 2016Wayne County (Detroit) is counting write-in votes for Bernie as votes for Clinton! Trump team has to challenge them. pic.twitter.com/zAxemZFWMW  Mike Roman (@mikeroman) December 7, 2016Another one. Lawyers trying to have this ballot counted as a vote for Clinton. #MichiganRecount #Corrupt pic.twitter.com/SV80Sao2qF  Mike Roman (@mikeroman) December 7, 2016A fellow  Michigander  and Facebook friend Ken Crider exposes more fraud that was uncovered during the recount in Wayne County (primarily Detroit voting districts):From Ken Crider: MUST READ! Penny Crider and I just got back from helping watch the recount at Cobo Hall in Detroit. On Nov. 8th (election day) the election officials at 8:00 pm shut down the polls. They then reconciled the differences from the machine count and the voter count on the computer. At this point a Metal tag/seal with a serial number is put on the box and the box was taken away. Penny s precinct, Detroit Precinct #152 had an unbroken seal and everything looked proper. The tag on the box said 306 and the book said 306 and the ticket said 306, so there should be 306 paper ballots on the box, right. Well when they pulled out the ballots the stack seemed short and when they finished separating the two page ballot to count the Presidential page only guess how many ballots were in the box? 304 no, 299 nope, 200 nada, how about 100 wrong again. There were only exactly 50 paper ballots in a locked sealed box that again was supposed to have 306. HMMMM. Oh I forgot to add, since there was a discrepancy in the two numbers the original count stands One more thing my precinct (sorry I forgot the number), had 525 votes on the book, tag and ticket and we counted 525 ballots the election official was praising the Lord  Hallelujah we have a countable precinct  Jill Stein had three (3) votes.Here is the actual Facebook post: ",0
19483,OBAMA TELLS TROOPS To Rise Up Against Trump…Protest His Authority…Feel Free To Criticize Him [VIDEO],"43 days and counting Characterizing the military s mission as a fight against  violent extremism,  Obama insisted that soldiers need to rise up against Trump if they feel he is pushing policies that are ill considered.Obama told the troops,  each of us has the universal right to speak your minds and to protest against authority; to live in a society that s open and free; that can criticize our president without retribution. Obama went on to insist that a proper U.S. policy against  violent extremism  is a  long term  policy. So rather than offer false promises that we can eliminate terrorism by dropping more bombs or deploying more and more troops or fencing ourselves off from the rest of the world,  Obama said,  we have to take a long view of the terrorist threat. And we have to pursue a smart strategy that can be sustained. In the time remaining, let me just suggest what I think should guide this approach. In addressing the war-torn Middle East, Obama insisted that global warming forms a large part of that conflict.  A changing climate is increasing competition for food and water,  which, he claimed, drives the conflict in Syria and other nearby nations.Obama also blamed the Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution for  violent extremism  in the United States. Somebody who is trying to kill and willing to be killed is dangerous, particularly when we live in a country where it s very easy for that person to buy a very powerful weapon,  Obama insisted. The president also defended Islam against the charge of extremism:We are fighting terrorists who claim to fight on behalf of Islam. But they do not speak for over a billion Muslims around the world, and they do not speak for American Muslims including many who wear the uniform of the United States of America s military. If we stigmatize good patriotic Muslims, that just feeds the terrorists  narrative. It fuels the same false grievances they they use to motivate people to kill. If we act like this is a war between the United States and Islam, we re not gonna lose more Americans to terrorist attacks, but we ll also lose the sight of the very principles we claim to defend.As to the rise of ISIS, Obama insisted it was not given aide by his actions of pulling out of Iraq in 2011 but was instead given succor by the policies of George W. Bush. By 2011, Iraqis wanted our military presence to end, and they were unwilling to sign a new status of forces agreement to protect our troops from prosecution if they were trying to defend themselves in Iraq,  Obama proclaimed.  In addition, maintaining American troops in Iraq at the time could not have reversed the forces that contributed to ISIL s rise.   Breitbart ",0
19484,HYSTERICAL! DELUSIONAL HILLARY CLAIMS “EPIDEMIC” Of “Fake News” Was Her Downfall [Video],"Hillary Clinton on Thursday decried the spread of fake news online, calling it an  epidemic  that Congress should take action against. The epidemic of malicious fake news and false propaganda that flooded social media over the past year   it s now clear the so-called fake news can have real-world consequences,  Clinton said during a speech on Capitol Hill.Some Democrats have argued the spread of anti-Clinton fake news online contributed to her electoral loss to Donald Trump. This isn t about politics or partisanship,  Clinton continued during her speech Thursday at a ceremony honoring retiring Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.). Lives are at risk   lives of ordinary people just trying to go about their days, to do their jobs, contribute to their communities. ENTIRE SPEECH   PLEASE SKIP TO THE 6:45 POINT FOR THE COMMENTS ABOUT  FAKE NEWS  Read more: The Hill",0
19485,HUH? GERMANS BOMBED PEARL HARBOR? Congressman Up For DNC Chair Needs A History Lesson! [Video],The video from 2012 is a little blurry but the audio is fine this is just too funny! ,0
19486,HOW BUZZFEED Is Using Social Media “News” Feeds To Teach White Kids To Hate Themselves,"Does your child spend time on social media? Unless they re Amish, you should probably assume they do. My teenage daughter just shared with me one of the most racist, self-loathing articles with me that I have ever seen in print. This is the most hateful, racist articles aimed at shaming young, white Americans that you ve have ever seen. As we took a closer look at students featured in this  Buzzfeed  article, we were stunned by some of the racist postings we found on their social media accounts.I suppose it s okay for Buzzfeed to publish an article with the sole purpose of bashing its young white users, because thanks to Barack and Michelle Obama (the ultimate victims), who have been sowing the seeds of racism, division and hate from the White House, it s perfectly acceptable to trash white Americans. Never mind that Barack Obama is the President of the United States. What black United States President who was elected twice by a majority white nation would still consider himself and his wife victims of racism?  Here are some of the examples we found from the Buzzfeed article titled:  19 School Powerpoint Presentations That Give Zero F*cks  This article, and hundreds more just like it, show up in your children s Snapchat social media feeds, a place where teenagers and young adults frequently go to interact with each other, and where they are constantly bombarded with leftist indoctrination garbage like this: Controversial Tay  appears to be very proud of herself and how she s stirring it up at school, she actually goes as far as to say,  One day I feel like my professors just gon stop letting me do presentations. Hmmm wonder why?One day I feel like my professors just gon stop letting me do presentations pic.twitter.com/gR8oopDqeG  Controversial Tay (@MissTayAmari) November 17, 2016Robin Had the white kids shook  by her presentation. How did she think it was going to make them feel good? Wasn t that exactly the reaction she was going for?I HAD THESE WHITE KIDS SHOOK pic.twitter.com/z8E3VPlkfF  robin (@thyrobin) October 21, 2016Here s Indigo whose got a bucket ready for your  white tears. When the homie comes through with follow up   pic.twitter.com/1LiPsJdxxD  Indigo (@miesh_b) December 14, 2015As an added bonus, we also found this video on Indigo s Twitter account: Watch this disrespectful black teenage girl attack her teacher during class, and twist his words to fit her narrative after he said,  I want [America] to control the borders.  She quickly turns it into a race issue, using his statement about the controlling the borders to suggest he,  doesn t want too many Latinos in our country.  She tells him  because you are white and you are so closed-minded  that he  doesn t accept the truth.  The teacher calls her out on her previous statement that,  white people are in control of everything,  by asking her what color our current President is? Watch how she quickly blames Congress for being white, which apparently makes a black man who holds the highest office in our nation somehow insignificant.  Amazing pic.twitter.com/4feVZv49DH    (@emotioneIIe) November 16, 2016One of the most race-obsessed teachers on social media that I have ever seen, posted this tweet to his Twitter account. He calls himself  Zellie  and this is his Twitter profile: All Black Everything. Teacher. Blogger. Activist. Brother. Son. Contact: zellie.imani@gmail.comDoes anyone wanna take bets about whether or not he would be offended if he saw someone on Twitter saying they were  All White Everything ?In any case, Buzzfeed chose one of his Twitter posts that shows a student telling a group of students if you believe there is diversity,  You re probably a racist. :I'm ready for this workshop.   pic.twitter.com/P0oKfDY8VP  zellie (@zellieimani) November 7, 2015And another post by the race-obsessed teacher made it to Buzzfeed s top 19 most racist social media posts. Here is #7.Oh look white people who  Wanna Be A Nigga!  The teacher  who calls himself  zellie  on Twitter used laughing emoji s when he shared this on Twitter as a way to express to viewers how funny he thought this was:Professors about to stop assigning presentations.   pic.twitter.com/4yulAjeZDx  zellie (@zellieimani) December 18, 2015This user brags about how she s about to shame her fellow students by suggesting,  She about to fry them. #Love it! :Now this one is just plain hilarious! Here s a white student who appears to be giving the presenter his full attention and respect, while this black student (who is the presenter) places  White People Are A Plague To The Planet  on the screen for the entire class to see. Pretty funny huh? You can see why Buzzfeed chose them as their #9 pick:Pretty sure I just got an F on my presentation. pic.twitter.com/7TDprSquuP  Shahem . (@pettyblackboy) May 12, 2016This Buzzfeed article would lead you to believe this is a common theme among black high school students, that white people are a plague. And good for him According to his tweet, this racist clown got an  A  on his racist presentation.  Again, it s really no secret why Buzzfeed chose this tweet. It s their #10:Finessed an A on my presentation   pic.twitter.com/RFR44ExNMW  Shi'Thead (@ExRoyalTy) November 2, 2016And then of course, there s the  White People Are Crazy  slide. This student didn t mention the grade he got. This gem was posted to Tumblr and was Buzzfeed s #11:We re going to end this sickening display of racism at #12. We ve had enough and we re pretty sure you have as well. It doesn t matter what the color of your skin is, this display of hate and racism is unacceptable from any publication. Buzzfeed should be ashamed of themselves for putting this crap out there, and then paying to promote it on a social media sites geared towards teens and young adults.Our final presenter is simply making the point that he is a victim. Can anyone guess who made him a victim? If your skin color is white, we re pretty sure it was you.Jose Lara at Ethnic Studies panel. #EthnicStudiesNow pic.twitter.com/ufX30bn9ZC  Mark Tschaepe (@mdtschaepe) October 30, 2015Radical publications like Buzzfeed are not the only problem. Many of our educators are also indoctrinating our children with the,  all white s are racists  narrative. When are parents going to start taking a stand, and tell the educators at the schools their children attend they are not going to stand by and watch them shame their children? It may be all the rage in high schools and colleges to unfairly accuse white people of racism and hate, but that doesn t mean you, or your kids have to go along with it.For the entire slide show, go to Buzzfeed. Make sure to leave a comment, and let them know how you feel about the garbage they re putting out to your kids disguised as  news.  Teenagers and young adults have a hard enough time dealing with self-image and everyday teenage insecurities. Suicide rates and depression are off the charts for teens. Buzzfeed is just doing their part to pile on, and make your kids feel guilty or ashamed for the color of skin they were born with. ",0
19487,"DEMOCRATS AREN’T AFRAID Trump Will Be A Terrible President, They’re Worried About This… [VIDEO]","The brilliant, outspoken and beautiful Tomi Lahren nails it again The man could walk on water and the naysayers would say it s because he can t swim! ",0
19488,BREAKING: FED JUDGE TERMINATES MI Recount…Asks Stein Attorney In Court : “Why are you coming to court now when you knew about the deficiencies beforehand?”,"Start Counting. Keep Counting. Stop Counting? Michigan's election recount hearing set to start in Detroit. Will judge change course?  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016Hallroom chatter in Michigan recount: Some think the judge has been cornered & he ll have to end the recount; some say he ll keep pushing.U.S. District Judge Mark Goldsmith is ready to take the bench in #Michiganrecount. And we are   OFF!  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016Michigan recount Schuette s lawyer John Bursch up first: 6th circuit couldn t have been more clear, this is case about michigan election lawSchuette lawyer talking about Bush v Gore case; says US Supreme Ct. clear on this: federal courts must defer to state in election matters.Judge just asked AG atty John Bursch: has the Mich. Supreme Court ruled on this? his answer: not yet. state high court hasn t heard case.AG atty Bursch:  This is the law of Michigan, there is no dispute about that.  Unless, of course, Stein appeals to MI Supreme Ct.AG atty Bursch shifts to Jill Stein, and whether she s an  aggrieved party.  Appeals ct. says no, so do Republicans & Trump.AG atty Bursch: purpose of recount law is to change the outcome of the election. Judge:  how do we know that? AG atty Bursch: state's top election official says goal of recount law is to change outcome, not to see if there's a problem;  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016AG atty Bursch: court has already held that it's not right to make taxpayers pay millions for a recount that's not justified  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016AG atty Bursch: Stein s  entire purpose is to audit the Michigan system.  That s not what our recount law is for.Michigan recount hearing: Judge: how do we know that Stein only got 1%; what if she got more but fraud took place?Judge to AG atty: what if Stein got 20% of the vote; is that enough for her to say she was aggrieved?MI Rep Party atty now up: the michigan courts have ruled, he says, urges judge to end the recount.MI Rep Party Atty: State court has concluded: ""it's very unlikely that 2 million mistakes have been made""  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016Judge continues to press: is there any court case that says recounts must produce a change in the outcome in order for them to be allowed?Michigan Rep. Atty: recounts should be used to figure out who should have won the election.  Aggrieved means someone who has been harmed Mich. Rep. Atty: Aggrieved does not apply to someone who came in 4th place. #Michiganrecount law is being misused by Jill Stein.  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016 This candidate is not aggrieved in any sense of the word  Mich. Rep Atty says of Jill Stein; urged judge to dissolve ruling & end recount.Pro-recount atty up:   It s quite possible that a recount (in Michigan) would reveal a winner.  Not Stein. she doesn t expect that.Pro-recount atty: Michigan recount law isn t just about changing outcome; can also be used to show fraud in election system.Judge Goldsmith discusses cost of recount to taxpayers. Asks Stein atty what she thinks of that? Answer:the law  explicitly  allows for that.Stein atty notes #Michiganrecount battle not over.  the state court decision is not final.  going back to appeals court.Judge asks Stein atty: What do you want now? I ordered immediate recount. What s your issue now ? notes there s no federal right to recount.Stein atty:  There is no way of knowing whether fraud occurred without conducting the recount. Judge Goldsmith to Stein atty: Why are you coming to court now w hen you knew about the deficiencies beforehand?  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016Judge Goldsmith to Stein atty: you could have addressed Michigan's vulnerable voting machines months ago. Why didn't you? why now?  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016Judge to Stein atty: is there anything about the recount that will tell us whether there was cyber attack or if machinery malfunctioned?Stein atty: the recount can raise clear flags about whether something went wrong, triggering a forensic audit.Stein atty just ended. says Michigan law allows for recounts, and that it should be continued. AG atty is now up, in a rebuttal.Judge Goldsmith asks about voting machine problems in Detroit; says he s read about problems. AG atty says not as many as being reported.AG atty: the court of appeals has spoken. there is no right for stein to have a recount. that s the end of the story.AG atty to Judge Goldsmith: you might be the 1st judge in history to order recount for a candidate who took 1% of the vote.  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016Recount shows so far: 10 counties have been recounting; 66 total vote change between Clinton & Trump so far.  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016Election lawyer:  I have not known of anyone to come in and say i believe the system has been compromised or hacked Stein atty: It is way to early to say whether any fraud can be ruled out.Stein atty: Until the Michigan State Supreme Court weighs in, the recount must continue as ordered by the federal court.MI AG atty: ""dont' become the first federal court in the country to order a recount   for a candidate who lost by 2 million votes.""  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016MI AG atty seeks bond: it's costing $500,000 a day for recount. it's not right to impose that kind of ""irreparable harm"" on the citizens.  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016Stein atty: Sec of state doesn t want recount, so don t trust $5 million cost or other numbers being thrown by folks who just don t want it.Stein atty: No bond should be set.Judge Goldsmith orders recess for 20 minutes. he will issue a written order or rule from the bench:  I understand the time sensitivity Judge Goldsmith will issue a written opinion on whether to let Michigan presidential election recount continue, or end. Stay tuned.  Tresa Baldas (@TBaldas) December 7, 2016 ",0
19489,"SORE LOSER MICHAEL MOORE Calls On “Comrades” To Join Him To Disrupt, Destroy Trump’s Inauguration"," Disrupt the Inauguration. The Majority have spoken   by nearly 2.7 million votes &counting! Silence is not an option https://t.co/HSmP3pREvy  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) December 7, 2016On Friday, January 20, 2017, Donald Trump will be inaugurated as President of the United States.We call on all people of good conscience to join in disrupting the ceremonies. If Trump is to be inaugurated at all, let it happen behind closed doors, showing the true face of the security state Trump will preside over. It must be made clear to the whole world that the vast majority of people in the United States do not support his presidency or consent to his rule.Even though he won in a landslide. Have you seen the map?Trump stands for tyranny, greed, and misogyny. He is the champion of neo-nazis and white Nationalists, of the police who kill the Black, Brown and poor on a daily basis, of racist border agents and sadistic prison guards, of the FBI and NSA who tap your phone and read your email.He is the harbinger of even more climate catastrophe, deportation, discrimination, and endless war. He continues to deny the existence of climate change, in spite of all the evidence, putting the future of the whole human race at stake.The KKK, Vladimir Putin, Golden Dawn, and the Islamic State all cheered his victory. If we let his inauguration go unchallenged, we are opening the door to the future they envision.OOPS Wrong again! It looks like ISIS has the same, or similar plans:Trump s success confirms the bankruptcy of representative democracy. Rather than using the democratic process as an alibi for inaction, we must show that no election could legitimize his agenda. Neither the Democrats nor any other political party or politician will save us they just offer a weaker version of the same thing. If there is going to be a positive change in this society, we have to make it ourselves, together, through direct action.From day one, the Trump presidency will be a disaster. #DisruptJ20 will be the start of the resistance. We must take to the streets and protest, blockade, disrupt, intervene, sit in, walk out, rise up, and make more noise and good trouble than the establishment can bear. The parade must be stopped. We must delegitimize Trump and all he represents. It s time to defend ourselves, our loved ones, and the world that sustains us as if our lives depend on it because they do.Somewhere in America there s a straight jacket with media whore Michael Moore s name on it ",0
19490,RICK SANTORUM INFURIATES LIBERALS After He Tells ILLEGAL ALIEN To Go Home And Apply For Citizenship [VIDEO],"What do you think? Do you agree with Rick Santorum, or should we allow illegal aliens to enjoy all of the same benefits as American citizens simply because they or their parents made it across our US border without getting caught?Former Sen. Rick Santorum (R-Pa.) can t speak to whether President-elect Donald Trump plans to deport undocumented immigrants en masse beginning next year, but he has made one thing clear: People who came to the U.S. illegally as children, also known as Dreamers, should just leave the U.S. if they re worried about their immigration status.Elizabeth Vilchis, a mechanical engineer who said she came to the U.S. from Mexico when she was 7 years old, asked Santorum about Trump s immigration plans on Tuesday night during a town hall event with CNN s Van Jones. She asked Santorum how he would advise her to plan for her future.He began his reply by talking about his father, who left Mussolini s Italy to come to the U.S. when he was 7 years old   even though, Santorum said,  he wasn t allowed to come because of the immigration laws at the time. Then he began to address Vilchis specifically. What most people in America feel is that you ve been given a tremendous benefit by being here in this country,  Santorum said, adding that he imagined she wouldn t  have had to opportunities to accomplish what you have  in her country of origin. My final point is that you have the ability to go to any other country right now and apply those wares, and be successful, and reapply to come back to America,  Santorum added.  Go and make the world a better place. CNN contributor Ana Navarro butted in. First of all, this is your country,  she said.  No matter what he says, no matter what anybody else says, this is your country. That s not what the law says,  Santorum replied. As much as I m sympathetic to you, you should recognize the gift that America has given you and that you can give to the world.   HP@Jorgesays @RickSantorum I'll chip in good money to send Santorum to another country. Any country.  Cindy Hargest (@CindyHargest) December 7, 2016No decent country would take him.  Lyle (@lyledal) December 7, 2016This broke my heart. ""You got your education, now get out."" This woman is as American as you Rick.  Dave Harrell (@daveharrell16) December 7, 2016Send disgusting @RickSantorum back to Italy.  iburl (@iburl) December 7, 2016 ",0
19491,EMBARRASSING: Obama Spends Final Hours With Troops Defending His Failure As Commander In Chief…Bashing Trump [VIDEO],"President Barack Obama claimed the United States is  breaking the back of ISIS  in his final national security speech before leaving office and told armed service members the country is depending on them to  carry forward what is best in us. Obama directed the bulk of his counter-terror speech to criticisms of his policies leveled by President-elect Donald Trump during his successful campaign   but did not mention his successor by name. We are a nation that our best has been defined by hope and not fear,  Obama told them in his Tuesday address.The nation s commander in chief recounted the United States  defining moments in the Civil War, WWII, when American soldiers  stormed the beaches of Normandy  and  climbed the hills of Iwo Jima,  and the civil rights era. That s who we are. That is what makes us stronger than any act of terror,  he told troops stationed at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa.  Remember that history. Remember what that flag stands for.    DMFunny, Barack Obama couldn t find it in his heart to speak out against those who openly disrespect our flag like Black Lives Matter acitivists or 49er s Quarterback Colin Kaepernick, or others who disrespect or burn our flag in the name of oppression and hate.",0
19492,BREAKING: MI Court Of Appeals Orders Vote Recount To STOP…Jill Stein’s Democrat Activist Attorney Says Count Must Go On,"The Michigan Court of Appeals rejected Green Party candidate Jill Stein s request for a recount of presidential ballots in Michigan.The court ruled that the Board of State Canvassers should not have allowed the recount, because Stein has not chance of winning the presidential election due to the recount. Accordingly, we grant the requests of the Attorney General and President-Elect Trump for issuance of a writ of mandamus,  a court official said in a statement.  We direct the Board of State Canvassers to reject the Nov. 30, 2016 petition of candidate Stein that precipitated the current recount process. We retain jurisdiction. The Michigan Court of Appeals agreed that Jill Stein is not an aggrieved candidate and the recount must stop.  A.G. Bill Schuette (@SchuetteOnDuty) December 7, 2016The U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the federal judge s order to continue the hand recount, but the Michigan Court of Appeals rejected the recount process.The U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals made clear, in their ruling, that  If, subsequently, the Michigan courts determine that Plaintiffs  recount is improper under Michigan state law for any reason, we expect the district court to entertain any properly filed motions to dissolve or modify its order in this case. The combined effect of the two rulings appears to set up further court proceedings in front of Goldsmith and the Michigan Republican Party has already filed for another federal hearing. Andrea Bitely, a spokeswoman for Schuette, said the Michigan Court of Appeals said  there is no conflict between  its order and the federal district court s temporary restraining order, so the recount should end immediately.However,  to ensure clarity for Michigan taxpayers, (and as recommended in the 6th Circuit s opinion issued this evening), the Attorney General is now filing in the federal district court a motion to dissolve the temporary restraining order,  Bitely said.Mark Brewer, an attorney for Stein, said the U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals refused to stay the Republicans  request to stop the recount, so it will continue until all the parties can get back to federal court to plead their case, again, before Goldsmith.The state panel said that to qualify as  aggrieved,  Stein  must be able to allege a good faith belief that but for mistake or fraud,  she would have had a reasonable chance of winning.    Legal InsurectionOpponents of the recount claim that it s too expensive and that Stein, who received just 1 percent of the vote, is wasting resources. This is a win for Michigan taxpayers,  Michigan Republican Party chairman Ronna Romney McDaniel said in a statement.  The Michigan Court of Appeals ruled in our favor, determining that the petition for recount filed by Dr. Jill Stein should have been denied. Dr. Stein is not an aggrieved candidate as she has no chance of winning the election in Michigan. The legal arguments are being heard in both state and federal courts, and the attorney general said the battle could theoretically end up in front of the U.S. Supreme Court. I m just saying, theoretically, it could go there,  Schuette said.  I m just taking it just one step at a time, and I m convinced, and I have confidence in the Michigan court system, and the Michigan judicial system, to uphold the Michigan statute, and the Michigan law will prevail. Schuette said the battle is a matter for the state courts because he said there is no U.S. constitutional right to a recount.Stein s campaign handed the Michigan secretary of state a check for $973,250 on Wednesday. The campaign said it intends to pay all fees associated with the recount in Michigan, and is currently recruiting volunteers to observe the hand recounts that are likely to take place in 19 sites, representing all 83 counties across the state.Meanwhile, Michigan Republicans said the request for a hand recount of presidential votes could cost taxpayers up to $12 million, a dozen times more than Stein will have to pay.I m not sure why the votes that were counted by machines that were said to be counting votes more than once (and perhaps even multiple times) in a heavily Democratic county are allowed to stand in the final count and will NOT be recounted. Why were those voted included in the final vote that was CERTIFIED by the state of MI?Watch at the end when the reporter asks the election official if MI residents should be concerned about those votes and he simply glosses over his question: ",0
19493,LIVE FEED: Trump “Thank You” Tour In NC With Ret. General James Mattis [Video], ,0
19494,$3.5 MILLION DOWN THE DRAIN….Day 5 WI Recount: TRUMP +25,"Just think how many youth centers could have been built in inner cities or how many broken-down classrooms in America could have been repaired with the $3.5 MILLION being wasted on Jill Stein and Hillary s futile recount effort? Aren t the Democrats all about the poor, the downtrodden and the disenfranchised? Or are they really just all about staying in power? The next time one of your progressive friends tries to argue with you about how the Democrats are all about compassion, remind them of the money that was wasted on this recount that could ve been used to help the very people they proclaim to be helping.Shameful Day 5 of the Wisconsin recount continued the pattern on previous days, as Donald Trump extended his Election Day lead over Hillary Clinton by a couple dozen votes.Trump leads Wisconsin by about 22,000 votes. So far, data from the Wisconsin recount as of December 5 shows that little is changing. The major candidates have each gained a smattering of votes in municipalities around the state as a variety of errors are found, but nothing has changed in significant enough numbers to upend the election. Not even close. Trump and Clinton have also each lost votes in communities throughout the state, basically making any gains and losses a wash.Here are the specific totals:Trump has lost 302 votes. Trump has gained 386 votes. Trump net vote gain by Day 5: 84 votesClinton has lost 293 votes. Clinton has gained 351 votes. Clinton net vote gain by Day 5: 58 votes ",0
19495,UNREAL! CNN PANEL Laughs And Mocks Dr. Ben Carson Over Trump Nomination [Video],https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FNt3ns_EGA,0
19496,"ANGELA MERKEL Running For Re-Election Makes Stunning Announcement To BAN BURKAS, After Flooding Nation With 2 Million (Mostly Muslim) Migrants","ANGELA Merkel today completed an astonishing U-turn as she formally endorsed a full burka ban following a backlash over her open-door migration policies.The German chancellor made the comments at a Christian Democratic Union (CDU) conference having recently declared she will seek re-election.She told the annual congress that it was legitimate to expect integration from newcomers, underlining her party s bid to ban the full face veil. The full veil must be banned wherever it is legally possible,  she said to a large round of applause.Merkel also stressed her determination to ensure that there s no repeat of last year s huge migrant influx as she seeks a new two-year term in charge of her conservative party.   Sun UKAn official within the ruling CDU/CSU coalition said regional states have to obey the law and warned those who didn t would lose funding.This comes in spite of German Chancellor Angela Merkel s long-standing open-door migrant policy, which began last year and has seen more than one million migrants enter the country since.The country is now home to more than 200,000 failed asylum seekers, who continue to live in Germany despite officials confirming they would be at no risk if they were forced to go back to their home countries.  Express UK",0
19497,"JOE BIDEN’S SHOCKING ANNOUNCEMENT: “What the hell, man?” [Video]","VP Joe Biden:  Yeah, I m going to run in 2020.  Reporter:  For what?  Biden:  For president! What the hell, man? https://t.co/fsRl25AD12 pic.twitter.com/GMco1PkJiL  CNN (@CNN) December 6, 2016",0
19498,"OBAMA FLOODS America With Illegal Aliens, Muslim Refugees, While Veteran Under VA Care Dies With Maggot-Infested Wound","Four employees at an Oklahoma Department of Veterans Affairs facility have resigned after a resident with a maggot-infested wound died while under their care.Vietnam veteran Owen Reese Peterson, 73, initially came to the Talihina Veterans Center with an infection, but ended up with sepsis and died on Oct. 3.Sepsis is a potentially life-threatening complication of an infection that can damage the internal organs, causing them to fail.Peterson had apparently been at the facility for just a few weeks, and the time frame between the gruesome discovery of the maggots and his death is unclear. He did not succumb as a result of the parasites,  Executive Director Myles Deering told the Tulsa World.  He succumbed as a result of the sepsis. A physician s assistant and three nurses, including the director of nursing, resigned in the wake of the investigation, said Shane Faulkner, a spokesman for the ODVA. All four chose to resign before the termination process began,  Faulkner said.   WND ",0
19499,MASSIVE MI VOTER FRAUD UNCOVERED? 59% Of Detroit Vote Counting Machines Didn’t Work On Election Day…Ballots May Have Been Counted Several Times…Votes Were Certified Anyway,"One-third of precincts in Wayne County could be disqualified from an unprecedented statewide recount of presidential election results because of problems with ballots.Michigan s largest county voted overwhelmingly for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, but officials couldn t reconcile vote totals for 610 of 1,680 precincts during a countywide canvass of vote results late last month.Most of those are in heavily Democratic Detroit, where the number of ballots in precinct poll books did not match those of voting machine printout reports in 59 percent of precincts, 392 of 662.According to state law, precincts whose poll books don t match with ballots can t be recounted. If that happens, original election results stand. It s not good,  conceded Daniel Baxter, elections director for the city of Detroit.He blamed the discrepancies on the city s decade-old voting machines, saying 87 optical scanners broke on Election Day. Many jammed when voters fed ballots into scanners, which can result in erroneous vote counts if ballots are inserted multiple times. Poll workers are supposed to adjust counters to reflect a single vote but in many cases failed to do so, causing the discrepancies, Baxter said.Even so, Baxter said it s unlikely all 392 of the city s precincts with mismatched numbers will be disqualified from a recount. The city is in contact with elections officials at the state of Michigan and Baxter predicted the numbers will match when the ballot boxes are re-opened for the recount, which starts Tuesday in Wayne County at Cobo Center. It s a challenge, but we re confident the ballots will match,  Baxter said.  I don t think it s going to be 100 percent, but it never is with a recount. County reports obtained by The Detroit News, though, indicate canvassers were provided no explanation for why the numbers didn t add up in those precincts. They certified the results of the election anyway.U.S. District Judge Mark Goldsmith ordered the hand recount of 4.8 million ballots just after midnight Monday, granting a motion in favor of Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein. It began Monday in Oakland and Ingham counties and continues at 9 a.m. Tuesday in Kalamazoo, Kent, Macomb, Ottawa, Washtenaw and Wayne counties.The recount will begin throughout the rest of Michigan s 83 counties in phases this week.Republican President-elect Donald Trump won Michigan by a razor-thin margin, 10,704 votes. Presumably, Clinton s best opportunity to eliminate that margin rested in finding uncounted ballots in Wayne County, which she carried by a 2-1 ratio.Besides Wayne, Clinton carried Oakland, Washtenaw, Genesee, Ingham, Kalamazoo, Marquette and Muskegon counties.None had nearly as many problems as Wayne. But at least 13 of 222 precincts in Genesee County are not balanced. More than half of those were in heavily Democratic Flint, according to county canvassing reports. The election was still certified by its board of canvassers. The trouble is there s too much leniency with the board of canvassers,  said John Gleason, Genesee County s clerk.  They re not as stringent as need to be because they think it won t affect the outcome of the election. Gleason, who estimated the recount will cost the cash-strapped county $100,000, said he expects the numbers to reconcile when workers begin the county recount on Wednesday. It s impossible to tell at this point how many will and how many won t be re-countable,  added Joseph Rozell, elections director for Oakland County.In the first six hours of Ingham County s recount Monday, six of 30 precincts from Lansing could not be recounted. One of the ballot containers had a hole in it, making it susceptible to tampering and not recountable, county Clerk Barb Byrum said.Two tries to match numbersState law spells out a prescribed criteria for determining whether a precinct can be recounted. Workers first check to make sure the number of ballots on the seal of the container matches the ballots recorded by workers on Election Day. If the seal number matches, then we know it s not been tampered with,  Rozell said.If numbers don t match, then workers can count all of the ballots in the precinct twice to see if there was an error made by workers on Election Night. If it does not match after the second count, then it s not recountable,  Rozell said.Entire precincts can be set aside in a recount if the ballots are stored in an unapproved container or if it isn t properly sealed.At Ingham County s recount operation Monday at the county s fairgrounds in Mason, ballots were stored in suitcase-like containers that were sealed with plastic zip-ties that had to be cut for workers to take out the ballots.Byrum plans to have the ballot bags guarded each night during the recount by a sheriff s deputy.   Detroit News ",0
19500,"ROSIE O’DONNELL Gets A Tongue Lashing For Her Attack On Barron Trump: “Why Don’t You Worry About Your Own Children, And Why They Don’t Want To Be With You” [VIDEO]", ,0
19501,TIM ALLEN Uses “Last Man Standing” Episode To Mock Censorship Of Speech By Snowflake College Students…And It’s Hilarious! [VIDEO],"Comedic icon Tim Allen is taking on  microagressions  in the latest episode of ABC sitcom  Last Man Standing. In Friday night s installment, entitled  Precious Snowflake,  Allen, who plays conservative family man Mike Baxter, goes head-to-head with his daughter Mandy over the issue on college campuses.After being asked to speak at her business school s graduation ceremony, Baxter learns his speech has to be examined beforehand to remove any microagressions or  objectionable words or phrases. I know what microagressions are,  Baxter says.  It s the liberal attack on free speech and a lot of fun if you do them right. As Baxter begins to read his prepared statement, he is immediately reprimanded by Mandy for using the term  ladies and gentlemen. No, uh, you can t say,  Ladies and gentlemen,  Mandy says.  Because it excludes those who don t identify as either. To quote future Nobel Prize winner Lee Greenwood,  I m proud to be an American. Not just because I have the right to speak my mind or carry an awesome gun, but because it s the land of opportunity,  Baxter reads.  Some whiny babies might not think so, but in America, if you work hard, anyone can be successful. Vanessa responds hesitantly by noting the university will almost certainly find his speech problematic. The thought police are never gonna approve that speech,  she says.   Infowars",0
19502,WOW! Huckabee Asks Nancy Pelosi If She’s “Racist” Or “Just Dumb” Over Dr. Ben Carson Comments,"Our country deserves a HUD Secretary with the relevant experience. Dr. Carson is a disturbingly unqualified choice. https://t.co/BvlXlJw0xq pic.twitter.com/gCYaiIfmj3  Nancy Pelosi (@NancyPelosi) December 5, 2016Carson spent part of his childhood living in public housing in Detroit, part of a rags-to-riches story that conservatives and other admirers tout.But critics of the Trump appointment, such as Amy Liu, the director of the Metropolitan Policy Program and the left-leaning Brookings Institution, say the powerful personal story doesn t make up for the lack of knowledge about housing needs of high-poverty areas and how deeply they intersect with other related issues, such as racial tension with police. WEReally? So Trump s new HUD Secretary s responsibilities have something to do with racial tension issues with police? Twitter users hammered Pelosi over her  racist  remarks:Nanacy Pelosi must be a racist  Amy 0311 Mom (@Amyloukingery) December 5, 2016so your saying that a minority HUD secretary will not be able to help the needs of other minorities? save me from liberal logic  Luke (@Rayswag_) December 5, 2016Liberals prefer Obama who helped a slumlord kick poor blacks out of their homes in Chicago for $$  Renae Sparks (@MyLoveT1977) December 5, 2016Carson is an expert at organizing extremely complex processes & smart people. OVERQUALIFIED.  Diane Seaman (@dianejseaman) December 5, 2016Mike Huckabee had the best response as he excoriates Nancy Pelosi for her ignorant comment here:Ben Carson is first HUD Sec to have actually lived in gov't housing. Fancy Nancy Pelosi says he's not qualified; is she racist or just dumb?  Gov. Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee) December 5, 2016",0
19503,WHAT THE HECK! Why Was Al Gore Meeting With The Trump Team Today? [Video],"Talk radio hosts went nuts with the news of Gore s visit to Trump Tower today. Michael Savage was very disappointed but Rush Limbaugh gave the best comment: I m gonna tell you something,  said Limbaugh.  If Trump goes south on climate change, that is just gonna be deeply disappointing and alarming because of what climate change is to the left. It s everything, it s everything they want and everything they believe and it s almost everything they can get to achieve it, to accomplish it. We couldn t agree more with Rush! It s just upsetting that they would even want to speak with the phony who claims global warming is real Yikes!",0
19504,NO RECOUNT? HILLARY WON CA County With Most Illegal Aliens By Stunning Margin…Ex-ICE Agent Explains How Easy It is For Illegals To Vote [VIDEO],"This ex-ICE agent reminds us of how ridiculous Jill Stein s  cherry-picked  3 state vote recount effort really is. Meanwhile, the Left and the leftist media completely ignore states like CA, where illegal aliens rioted against Trump and anyone who supported him, before and after the election over fear of deportation or loss of taxpayer funded benefits. CA was largely responsible for Hillary s slight edge in the popular vote. Without California s lopsided votes for Hillary, Trump would have won the popular vote by a large margin.A California state bill was just signed in to law in October, 2015, by Gov. Jerry Brown, that registers and allows illegal aliens to vote in US Elections. The Motor Voter Act (A.B.1461) automatically registers residents of California to vote at the DMV. According to the law and a report by the Washington Times, The New Motor Voter Act automatically registers to vote all eligible voters when they obtain or renew their drivers licenses at the Department of Motor Vehicles instead of requiring them to fill out a form. The goal is to ease barriers to voting, but election-integrity advocates warn that the measure could inadvertently add millions of illegal voters to the rolls given that California allows undocumented aliens to obtain drivers licenses.   California state officials are praising the law and Alex Padilla, California s Secretary of State says,  Citizens should not be required to opt in to their fundamental right to vote.  We do not have to opt in to other rights, such as free speech or due process.  The right to vote should be no different.  State Assemblywoman Lorena Gonzalez from San Diego said,  This bill will lead to millions more registered California voters, which means more people we can talk to. Critics of the law have called it for what it really is.  Absolute and complete voter fraud and corruption on a grand scale.  Stephen Frank from California Political Review issued a statement saying,  A.B. 1461 assures corruption of our elections.  Our elections will look like those of Mexico and other corrupt nations and honest people will stop voting, since illegals will out vote them.   Linda Paine of the Elections Integrity Project says,  Citizens must oppose this treasonous attempt to turn California into a form of government that gives control to non-citizens. -Raw ConservativeWhen Trump tweeted about illegal aliens affecting the outcome of the vote, specifically in CA, Politfact was quick to accuse him of being dishonest:Grabbing the attention of the Golden State, President-Elect Donald Trump claimed in a recent tweet there was  serious voter fraud  in three states won by Hillary Clinton during the General Election, including California.Trump made this claim on Sunday during a flood of tweets about voter fraud. The president-elect also said he would have won the popular vote if not for  the millions of people who voted illegally.  PolitiFact national examined that claim and rated it Pants on Fire.We decided to fact-check Trump s eye-opening claim about  serious voter fraud  in California.Our researchTrump offered no evidence about California voter fraud in his series of tweets. His allegations are completely unfounded,  California Secretary of State Alex Padilla said in an interview.  I think it s a big disservice to our country and to our democracy to continue to raise these doubts. If anything, a message back to Mr. Trump is, if you have proof, if you have evidence, please bring it forward. Procedures are in place to investigate any real voter fraud. But as the evidence has shown, the cases of voter fraud across the country are statistically minimal if you go back decades. Padilla s office could not immediately say how many voter fraud complaints it s received for this and past general elections.Hillary Clinton held a 3.9 million vote lead over Trump as of Nov. 28, a margin that s grown substantially as California continues to count the state s many absentee ballots. Broad brush allegations Dean Logan, president of the California Association of Clerks and Election Officials and the top elections official in Los Angeles County, said in a statement responding to Trump s tweets, that the state has  a history of accurate and accountable elections. Logan described Trump s voter fraud claims as  broad brush allegations. Logan added in an email to PolitiFact California that:  Quantifying complaints or allegations of voter fraud is not a specific data set that we track.  That alone probably gives you a sense of the frequency, but there is no indication that the rate of concern on this issue was higher in this election cycle than in any other. He added that there are legal avenues for challenging a voter s eligibility. But none were used before or after the election, he said. And I think that sort of goes to the point that there s nothing to back up those allegations,  Logan said.Trump s unsupported claim about voter fraud in California may also draw on misinformation about two recent state laws: AB 60, which allows undocumented immigrants to obtain state driver s licenses; and the New Motor Voter Act, which by mid-2017 will automatically register citizens to vote when they obtain or renew a driver s license.  Politifact CA",0
19505,BREAKING: OBAMA-APPOINTED JUDGE ORDERS Vote Recount To Begin At Noon On Monday,"A federal judge has ordered Michigan election officials to begin a massive hand recount of 4.8 million ballots cast in the presidential election at noon Monday.U.S. District Judge Mark Goldsmith issued a ruling just after midnight Monday in favor of Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein, who sought to let election officials bypass a two-business-day waiting period that would have delayed start of the recount until Wednesday morning.The manual recount process was scheduled to begin Wednesday as specified by state law, and in a rare Sunday hearing in federal court, Goldsmith questioned the harm posed by waiting.Stein s lawyer Mark Brewer argued the case was aimed at ensuring the integrity of Michigan s voting system and that the required waiting period violated Stein s rights to due process and equal protection. He pushed for the recount of 4.8 million ballots to start immediately, which he said would be Monday morning. There are questions raised throughout the country about the integrity of the election system,  Brewer told the judge in front of a courtroom filled with about two dozen people, including state Republican Party Chair Ronna Romney McDaniel.  It s not just rhetoric. The hearing ended Sunday afternoon, with a staffer for the judge saying Goldsmith would issue a written opinion but he did not give a timeline.The deadline to finalize the vote total for the Electoral College is Dec. 13. Chris Thomas, the state elections director, testified Sunday that he could not guarantee that the recount could be finished by that deadline, calling the task  doable but difficult.  Brewer called it  highly doubtful  that the state could finish by the deadline, and asserted the recount needed to start immediately.Read more: Detroit News",0
19506,FITTING END FOR COMMUNIST DICTATOR: Hilarious Reason Jeep Carrying Castro’s Ashes Had To Be Pushed By Military,"As FoxNews.com reported:The Russian-made jeep ferrying Castro s ashes broke down and needed to be pushed on Saturday en route to the late leader s final resting place.The breakdown of the jeep in the midst of adoring crowds chanting  Long live Fidel!  was symbolic of the dual nature of Castro s Cuba.While his legacy inspires fierce adulation by many of the nation s citizens, others continue to grumble about Cuba s autocratic government, inefficient bureaucracy and stagnant economy. Read more: FOX News",0
19507,"IS CONSERVATIVE NEWS BEING PUNISHED For Trump Win? FACEBOOK Developing Feature To Promote “Handpicked” News, Videos In Users News Feeds","Breitbart News is now reporting that Facebook is developing a feature that will promote content in people s news feeds from publishers specifically chosen by the company, according to a report from Business Insider.The feature, which will be known as Collections, will reportedly promote news stories, videos, and other content from publishers  handpicked by Facebook.Business Insider, who say they have spoken to people involved in the project as well as seeing internal Facebook documentation, reports that Facebook are planning on approaching their preferred media companies in the coming weeks.As a result of the Collections system, partner companies chosen by Facebook will achieve a far greater reach to Facebook s 1.8 billion user base than they would normally.In the run up the election, Facebook co-founder Dustin Moskovitz gave over $35 million to left-wing causes in an attempt to defeat Donald Trump, whilst Hillary Clinton was the largest single beneficary of political donations from Facebook employees.The development comes following hysteria surrounding the rise of  fake news,  with many people blaming the role of social media, particularly Facebook, for the election of Donald Trump. The idea that fake news on Facebook, of which it s a very small amount of the content, influenced the election is a pretty crazy idea,  Zuckerberg said at the time.  Breitbart",0
19508,WOW! JILL STEIN’S ‘FIRESIDE CHAT’ Exposes Her Delusion On Recount [Video], ,0
19509,JILL STEIN Claims Recount Is About Possible Foreign Interference…UPDATE: Citizens Petition To Halt Recount Over Evidence Of Foreigners Donations To Stein’s Recount [VIDEO],Watch Stein tell CNN host she is concerned about foreign intervention in our elections:https://youtu.be/E2KFe_htBSA,0
19510,DAY 2 RESULTS Of Wisconsin Recount Are In…And Hillary’s Not Gonna Like It,"The Wisconsin Election Commission posts recount data on a spreadsheet every day. The latest spreadsheet totals as of 1:30 p.m. CST on December 3 show that the recount isn t changing much, although a smattering of errors have been found throughout the state. The candidates each lost and gained a smattering of votes in towns, cities, and villages that are reporting, so any losses were basically cancelled out.The Election Commission doesn t tally the returns, but, rather, just posts a raw spreadsheet of numbers. Heavy went through the spreadsheet and tallied the lost and gained votes for Trump and Clinton for each county so far, and then subtracted the two totals for a net gain or loss for day 2.Here s what the returns show so far:Day 2 totals Clinton gained 89 votes but lost 86 for a net gain of 3 votes. Trump gained 98 votes but lost 92 for a net gain of 6 votes.OVERALLClinton gained 3 votes  Trump gained 6 votes  Net Trump gain of 3 votes on Day 2Trump won Wisconsin by more than 22,000 votes.That means that Trump inched ahead by a grand total of 3 votes in a recount expected to cost more than $3.5 million. Green Party nominee Jill Stein raised more than $6 million to fund recounts in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. The latter two recounts are now bogged down in legal issues and challenges. On December 3, Stein dropped her request for a Pennsylvania recount, saying she couldn t afford the $1 million required, even though she raised $7 million overall for recounts. Clinton would have needed all three states   Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and Michigan   to flip in order to take the White House back from Trump, an exceedingly tall order.In Wisconsin, Trump supporters sued to stop the recount, alleging it was not being conducted uniformly (some counties use paper ballots and others use machines). A judge said the recount could continue at least until a December 9 hearing. The Wisconsin recount is the first in the 2016 presidential election.   Heavy ",0
19511,WATCH TUCKER CARLSON Face Off With New York Times Editor Who Claims “High Journalistic Standards” At The Liberal Rag [Video], ,0
19512,PAUL JOSEPH WATSON Exposes Media’s Obsession With Trump’s Call From Taiwan Leader In 14 Seconds [VIDEO],"Here was Trump s epic response to the leftist media:Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 3, 2016Funny, the NYT s didn t seem to have a problem with President Obama s visit to communist Cuba with their current dictator Raul Castro. As a matter of fact, they heralded Obama s decision to normalize relations with the evil Castro brothers:Watch Paul Joseph Watson brilliantly destroy the narrative of the leftist media and their obsession with the congratulatory call to Trump by President Tsai Ing-wen of Taiwan:This new Taiwan scandal proves that Trump is literally Hitler. pic.twitter.com/Oqh09FdtFJ  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) December 3, 2016Trump in ""speaks to other world leader"" shocker. This is worse than when he went to dinner with his own family. LITERALLY HITLER! pic.twitter.com/UipRs6FOPK  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) December 3, 2016",0
19513,WATCH KELLYANNE CONWAY’S MIC DROP: “I think the biggest fake news was that Donald Trump couldn’t win.”,"Kellyanne Conway:   I think the biggest fake news was that Donald Trump couldn t win.  pic.twitter.com/T5i68K0gW4  Washington Examiner (@dcexaminer) December 2, 2016",0
19514,Ohio State University Student Says Terrorist Attack Was “Misunderstanding” Caused By Racism [VIDEO], ,0
19515,LIBERALS BELIEVE: “OBAMA TOO BRILLIANT FOR REPUBLICANS”…THIS Is Why The Dems Lost The Election,"Which brings me to President Obama. While I m not calling him a genius, I do think he s extremely intelligent. I also believe that his tendency to use  big picture  thinking while drafting policy is something most Republican voters simply can t understand. Take  Obamacare  for instance. It s not a  fix health care today  law. In fact, the law itself is made to grow and evolve over time. My belief is that it s a springboard to true socialized medicine. But, as it is now, it s a long-term outlook on our health care. While many Republicans want to look at the  now  aspect of the Affordable Care Act, they seem unable to grasp the reality that as more Americans get health insurance, giving them access to preventable care, this lowers expenses down the road for everyone. If people can prevent very costly heart attacks, strokes or other debilitating health issues now, that s an overall savings for practically everyone from consumers to health insurers to doctors who now have more patients. Quite literally, improving the overall health of Americans will improve the health of this country. It even makes sense for our economy. If workers are healthier, because they have access to quality health care, that means there will be fewer people calling in sick to work, showing up sick to work (putting other employees at risk) or relying on government programs because their health conditions (that were preventable) render them unable to work at all. But to see all of that requires  big picture  thinking and Republicans seem unable to understand anything beyond the spoon-fed bumper sticker talking points they re given by the GOP and the conservative media.GIMME A BREAK!!!! LIBERALS ARE RIDICULOUS!Read more: Forward Progressives",0
19516,"#BoycottPenzeys: HATEFUL, DIVISIVE Penzeys Spice Co. Owner Threatens Trump Supporters…Brags About Increased Sales Since Calling All Trump Supporters “Racists”","Bill Penzey, the owner of Penzeys Spices, wrote two separate letters on the Penzeys Spices Facebook page, accusing all Trump s voters of openly embracing racism. Isn t it funny how liberals think they can use the most hateful and divisive language against fellow Americans, then excuse their open hate as an act of  love  or unity?  We re asking Trump supporters and anyone who disagrees with a company owner calling half of America racists  to BOYCOTT Penzeys Spices. (List of states where Penzeys Spice stores are located can be found below)Here is an excerpt from his first letter:Please give us a moment to share something we hope you will find very valuable.Our customers come from all walks of life. The kindness of cooks knows no borders or divides. In the aftermath of the election, seeing the intentional damage inflicted on so many outside the white heterosexual male world, we raised our voice. We felt we had to. We did this because we are Penzeys. The Spice business is so intertwined with history that it s not really possible to have one without the other. It became clear to us that we are now in a moment history will long have its eyes upon. For the sake of our customers, and for the sake of future generations, we felt the time had come to stand on the right side of history.And while the reasons for why we took a stand might be specific to our unique outlook, what we learned actually applies to all commerce in the United States. What we learned is that President-elect Donald Trump has no real support. Voters, sure, but no constituency. Running a campaign on  that horrible-terrible-woman who should be locked up,  while at the same time working to raise fear of minorities among white voters with limited access to education, clearly achieved its goal. But none of it left Americans with any sense of connection to the candidate they actually voted for.Willing to take a hit for what is right, we did what we did. In the two weeks since, online sales are up 59.9%, gift box sales up 135%. And we didn t have a catalog arrive in this window this year, while last year we had 1.1 million! Yes, maybe for the moment we have lost 3% of our customers because of the so-called  right wing firestorm.  And, yes, they send emails of rage, and ALL CAPS, and bad language with the hope of creating the perception that they are bigger than they really are. But what we learned is that, in terms of retail spending, Donald Trump simply has no one supporting his views for America. He has no constituency.In this moment there is finally the real chance to unite our nation in our shared rejection of sexism, homophobia, and racism. This is your chance to stand up for America s values and make January a tent pole in your company s history. Opportunities to do the right thing at the time when doing the right thing makes all the difference come once in a lifetime. Make your history proud.For entire letter, see Facebook post below:",0
19517,LIBERAL TREVOR NOAH Didn’t Count On Conservative Tomi Lahren Destroying Him On His Own Show…But That’s Exactly What She Did! [VIDEO], ,0
19518,"TOMI LAHREN: “I Guess Jill Stein Wants To See Hillary Be The First Female To Lose The Election, Twice” [VIDEO]"," The shrill, old socialist  Carla Marx wannabe  who got less than 1% of the vote nationally, has requested an election recount in the Michigan even though Trump officially won that by 10,704 votes. She s also pushing for, and suing for a recount in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. So let s take a look at the totals to fully understand how ridiculous this is. ",0
19519,HILLARY SCUMBAGS TORCH Navy Veteran’s Home For Supporting Donald Trump [Video],"Smith flies three flags in front of his house: the American flag, the POW flag, and the Navy flag. We supported Trump from when he started running for office,  says Matthew s wife Brittany.  We never made it public. We never had a sign in our backyard, so no one really knew we were pro Trump. But Matthew says he s been very active on Facebook, with posts supporting Trump, the Second Amendment, and other conservative causes. Investigators are looking into possible connections with arsonists. Earlier this month, anti-Trump graffiti was sprayed on two mobile homes near Mango. Investigators say someone tried to light one of them on fire. The Smiths, who have two young children, say times have been hard recently.Read more: FOX13",0
19520,HILARIOUS TRUMP CHRISTMAS VIDEO: “It’s The Most Wonderful Time In 8 Years” [Video], ,0
19521,LIZ WARREN CALLED OUT For Crazy Claim Steve Bannon is a “White Supremacist” [Video],"Liberals  internal struggle in one clip: .@andersoncooper on the level, .@SenWarren name-calling. #Bannon https://t.co/pX6TzNeRCP  William Bairamian (@Bairamian) December 1, 2016",0
19522,FLASHBACK: Obama Mocks Trump’s Promise To Save Factory Jobs: “Your Jobs Aren’t Coming Back” [VIDEO],"Obama to crowd on lost factory jobs:  Cuz some of those jobs of the past are just not gonna come back. And when somebody says, like the person you just mentioned, I m not gonna advertise for. That he s gonna bring all of these jobs back. Well how exactly you gonna do that? What are you gonna do? There s no answer to it. He just says,  Well, I m gonna negotiate a better deal. How exactly are you gonna negotiate that? What magic wand do you have. And usually the answer is, he doesn t have an answer.' Sorry Barry .but Trump just saved 1,000 Carrier jobs and he hasn t even been sworn in yet.Here s a  thank you  message to President-elect Donald Trump from a Carrier worker whose job Trump saved:.@Carrier employee Robin Maynard's message to Trump and Pence: 'Thank you for sticking to your word and going to bat for all of us.' pic.twitter.com/TBxLDGlZmU  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) November 30, 2016",0
19523,"YIKES! THE CLAWS COME OUT On The View, As Hosts Attack Jill Stein [VIDEO]",Jill Stein agreed to do an interview with The View hacks to discuss her recount effort. The interview becomes very awkward when hosts begin to attack her for concerns over her choice to call for a ridiculous vote recount to why she even ran at all. Watch:,0
19524,THE VIEW’S Whoopi Goldberg To Co-Host: “This Is Why Black People Don’t Wanna Talk To White People” [VIDEO],https://youtu.be/RTuxvWjH3a4,0
19525,BREAKING: CONDI RICE Meets With Mike Pence In Trump’s D.C. Transition Office,"How many outspoken  never-Trumper s  is Donald willing to consider for roles in his administration?Vice President-elect Mike Pence met with former Secretary of State Condoleezza  Condi  Rice in the Washington, D.C., transition office on Wednesday to discuss bringing her on board the new administration.Great catching up today in the DC transition office with my good friend @CondoleezzaRice. pic.twitter.com/Qd4K8BeVo2  Mike Pence (@mike_pence) November 30, 2016According to a producer with NBC, when asked how the meeting went, Rice said,  Terrific. Thank you.  The same producer, Vaughn Hillyard, noted that when he asked Rice about the secretary of state post, she smiled at him:Condoleezza Rice on her meeting with Pence & the SoS post: ""Terrific. Thank you."" pic.twitter.com/F77IApEtaN  Vaughn Hillyard (@VaughnHillyard) November 30, 2016Rice went to work as a professor at Stanford University, where she currently teaches, after President George W. Bush left the White House in 2009. She has been considered for vice president but expressed that she was not interested.She is deemed a moderate on many issues, including immigration, and has maintained relatively hawkish views on foreign policy.",0
19526,WINE SIPPING City Attorney Caught On Camera Taking Photos Of Accomplice Spray Painting “F*ck Trump” On Upscale Storefront [VIDEO],"Police have identified Duncan Lloyd as the suspect in the recent anti-Trump vandalism of an upscale grocery store in Chestnut Hill.Assistant City Solicitor Duncan Lloyd has been recognized as the man seen wearing a dark colored blazer in the surveillance footage that captured the November 25th vandalism of the Fresh Market grocery. The other suspect, seen in the video spray painting the anti-Trump message of [expletive] Trump has yet to be identified. Both men fled the scene on foot.On November 29, 2016 the Philadelphia Police Department posted information on their Facebook page that read  Wanted: Suspects for Vandalism in the 14th District [VIDEO]. https://youtu.be/wZwz9JRmUg0Damage to the building is estimated to between $3,000 and $10,000, according to police.Here is the tweet (copy above) sent by the Philly GOP calling for the firing of Duncan:YES our statement on a CITY ATTORNEY vandalizing Chestnut Hill grocery w.anti Trump graffiti is worth a read: pic.twitter.com/InMEKj71Tc  Philly GOP (@PhillyGOP) November 30, 2016 Blue Lives Matter",0
19527,WATCH TUCKER CARLSON DESTROY Racist Flamethrower For Questioning “Hero” Label For White OSU Cop [VIDEO],"Author, filmmaker and social media sh*t-storm starter Tariq Nasheed, is an unashamed and outspoken racist on Twitter.  Yesterday, after the black, Muslim, Somalian immigrant terrorist used a vehicle and a butcher knife to attack innocent students on the Ohio State University campus. Within one minute of encountering the terrorist, a white police officer Alan Horujko shot and killed the terrorist before he could harm or kill more people. Officer Alan Horujko ordered the attacker, later identified as Abdul Razak Ali Artan, to drop the butcher s knife and then shot him when he didn t obey the command, university president Michael Drake said. The officer encountered the individual by 9:53   the subject was neutralized by 9:53,  Drake said, underscoring how quickly events unfolded.Director of Ohio State s Department of Public Safety Monica Moll echoed Drake s sentiments, saying Horujko is owed a debt of gratitude.   FOX NewsOhio State police officer Alan Horujko. (Ohio State University Police via AP)Tariq Nasheed took to Twitter to criticize the media who called the white cop a  hero :So white officer Alan Horujko who shot and killed the Black Somali stabbing suspect in Ohio is being paraded as a hero. Thats interesting  Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) November 28, 2016Nasheed refers to police officers as,  race soldiers  in this tweet about the black, Muslim, ex-con, wife and kid beater who had a criminal history of attacking cops, who was killed by a police officer after he shot at them:NC is an open carry state yet race soldiers can execute Black ppl in possession of a gun,by ASSUMING if the gun is legal or not #KeithScott  Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) November 30, 2016Here Nasheed defends the excessive use of the word  racist  which many feel has been so overused that it has lost its relevance:Many white supremacists now are trying 2 create this narrative that the word ""racist"" is ineffective. Thats not true https://t.co/UOVpmZs29K  Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) November 28, 2016",0
19528,"BREAKING: NO CHARGES For Police Officer In Shooting Death Of #KeithScott…Ex-Con Muslim Who Beat Wife, Kids, Previously Shot At Cops","Riots erupted in Charlotte after police officers shot and killed Keith Lamont Scott. Rioters didn t care that Scott had a history of shooting at cops, they didn t care that he was abusive to his wife and small child. Keith s mom said he was a devout Muslim.  Black Lives Matter had an agenda and to hell with facts. Several months later, the real story comes out and it turns out the police officers were only acting in self-defense when they shot and killed the belligerent, armed with a stolen gun, fired at police #KeithLamontScott. Just announced: No charges will be brought against Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police officer Brentley Vinson in the September shooting death of a man in University City, District Attorney Andrew Murray announced Wednesday.Keith Lamont Scott, 43, was shot Sept. 20 in a confrontation with officers outside his apartment.Murray said that evidence in the case shows that Scott stepped out of his SUV with a gun in his hand and ignored at least 10 commands from the five officers on the scene to drop it.Murray: Ofcr Vinson acted lawfully when he shot Scott. No charges will be filed. pic.twitter.com/HXq7Ldn5vL  Mark Becker (@MarkBeckerWSOC9) November 30, 2016Murray: I know that some in the community will be frustrated but I'm asking we should not jump to conclusions pic.twitter.com/dN5hW6Q1Q0  Mark Becker (@MarkBeckerWSOC9) November 30, 2016Murray said that Scott obtained the gun   which had been stolen in Gaston County   18 days before the confrontation. One bullet was found in the chamber of the gun, the safety was off and Murray said Scott s DNA was found on the grip and ammunition slide.Murray said that speculation in the community that Scott was unarmed   initial reports from a family member on Facebook said he was holding a book   were untrue. A reading book was not found in the front or back seats of Mr. Scott s SUV,  Murray said.Officer Vinson s gun was examined after the shooting and four bullets were missing, Murray said. Guns taken from the other officers at the scene had not been fired, he said.People who claimed on social media that they had seen the shooting and Scott was unarmed were later found to be in error   three people who d made the claim told State Bureau of Investigation agents in interviews that they hadn t actually seen the shooting.WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT: The Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department released the full-length dash camera video of the fatal police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott. Scott s family asked the police to release the video to the public. CMPDMurray said he ran the evidence in the case past 15 veteran prosecutors in his officer and they were unanimous in their recommendation that there was insufficient evidence to charge Vinson in the case.In the aftermath of Scott s death, Charlotte was roiled by two nights of rioting and nearly a week of street demonstrations. After street violence, dozens of arrests and the death of one man in uptown, Gov. Pat McCrory declared a state of emergency.Murray: Scott's widow told CMPD Detectives that Scott did not own a gun but her texts suggest otherwise  Mark Becker (@MarkBeckerWSOC9) November 30, 2016Murray: live round found in chamber of scott's gun pic.twitter.com/NTQTOviPSl  Mark Becker (@MarkBeckerWSOC9) November 30, 2016Murray: Scott's DNA on slide and grip of the gun pic.twitter.com/Q5dBX2CKwm  Mark Becker (@MarkBeckerWSOC9) November 30, 2016Murray: totality of evidence does not support shot to Scott's back being first pic.twitter.com/m82mDuPFZN  Mark Becker (@MarkBeckerWSOC9) November 30, 2016https://twitter.com/JaredWyand/status/803991294406230016",0
19529,"WOW! OBAMA’S SWAN SONG: 6,051 Illegal Alien Kids Dumped In U.S. Communities In October","So that immigration crisis you never hear about on your evening news? It s not over. Not by a long shot.With only a few months left to go before a new president obtains the keys to the Oval Office, the Obama administration released another 6,051 unaccompanied alien children into American communities in the month of October, averaging about 195 kids per day.According to recent stats released by the Executive Office for Immigration Review, only about 45 percent of all immigration cases opened for unaccompanied minors since July of 2014 have been closed. EOIR data also shows that nearly 40 percent of all illegal alien children ordered to appear before an immigration judge won t show up for their final court hearing.Children who come across the border unlawfully and without a parent or guardian are being released at an alarming rate that corresponds with the increasing number of kids currently being apprehended along the U.S.-Mexico border. In October alone, Customs and Border Protection reported they apprehended 46,197 illegal aliens crossing into the United States unlawfully via the Southwest U.S. border, including 13,124 members of family units and another 6,754 unaccompanied children. For entire story: MRCTVWhat has escaped all but a few conversations are the short and long term implications of this flood of children haphazardly being placed in detention or residential settings, or released to family members, and how it can precipitate a fertile recruiting opportunity for gangs such as MS-13 and the 18th Street Gang, who already have assimilation within this diaspora, putting not only domestic but regional security in question.Since 2009, the numbers of unaccompanied alien children up to 17 years old, as they are designated by Customs and Border Protection under the aegis of the Department of Homeland Security, has grown exponentially, with children from Honduras representing the largest diaspora, followed by Guatemala, Honduras, and Mexico.  HMSnetThis is an especially heartwarming story for the working American taxpayer who s trying to figure out how they re going to be able to scrape enough extra money together to buy their own children a gift for Christmas. People like Hillary and Barack, who ve made a fortune as career politicians, can t be bothered with the issues of everyday Americans, they ve got a country to fill with Democrat voters. The American citizens who actually support these illegal aliens with their tax dollars are not their concern.",0
19530,MUSLIM LEADER Tells Secretive Islamic Compounds In U.S. To Arm Up After Trump Win: “He has come as a test and trial for the faithful adherents of the holy books” [VIDEO],"An Islamist group with secretive compounds around the U.S. is arming up in anticipation of raids by the incoming Trump administration, according to a new report from a nonprofit think tank.Muslims of America, which is headquartered in Hancock, N.Y., and run from Pakistan by leader Sheikh Gilani, operates 22  Islamic villages  around the nation. The compounds are legal, but Gilani has recently ordered all unarmed members to gather firearms, licenses and hunting permits, according to Clarion Project. Gilani believes his group will be targeted by Trump. I foretold disastrous results should this man be elected as the American President,  Gilani said in a statement shortly after Trump was elected president on Nov. 8.  He has come as a test and trial for the faithful adherents of the holy books. Supporters say the compounds are simply Islamic communes for mainly African-American Muslims who seek to follow Gilani s teachings in a rural setting. While they have been the subject of numerous accusations and undercover reporting, the group is not known to have supported or conducted terrorist activity, and its critics are widely dismissed as conspiracy theorists.A confidential source allegedly inside the organization told Martin Mawyer of the Christian Action Network and Ryan Mauro of the Clarion Project that the group expects the FBI to reopen its cases against them as a  homegrown terrorist organization,  according to the report.Here is Clarion Project s National Security Analyst Ryan Mauro explaining why we need to be concerned about these Muslim compounds:Watch this report on  NO-GO Zones  scattered around the United States:Alex Jones reporter Joe Biggs traveled to Islamberg compound in upstate New York. He found the people living in the compound have isolated themselves from everyone on the outside. The local chief of police told Biggs that the residents handle everything internally. The founder of Islamberg is a founder of a terrorist organization out of Pakistan: According to the report, the sources stated that members across the country were given instructions by Gilani to  be prepared to fight,  against President-Elect Trump, who the group believes is part of a satanic-Zionist conspiracy to destroy Islam.Muslims of America s headquarters in rural New York is known as  Islamberg.  According to a 2007 FBI report obtained by the Clarion Project, MOA  possesses an infrastructure capable of planning and mounting terrorist campaigns within the U.S. and overseas.   Fox News",0
19531,OSU DIVERSITY OFFICER Sympathizes With Terrorist Student…Shames Students For Sharing His Picture…Told Them Not To Share Her Post,"Ohio State University Assistant Director of Residence Life Stephanie Clemons Thompson may have urged sympathy for suspected Monday attacker Abdul Razak Ali Artan in a Facebook post. The Daily Caller News Foundation was not able to independently verify the authenticity of the post, and Clemons was unavailable for comment at press time.Clemons apparently repeated urging for her friends not to share the Facebook post, suggesting she was aware of the controversial nature of her language.  Daily Caller ",0
19532,WOW! FOX REPORTER GOES OFF On SEIU Thug For Telling Black Protester She Wasn’t Allowed To Speak! [Video],"Wow! @FoxBusiness @JeffFlock just WENT OFF on white @SEIU operative for telling black protester she wasn t allowed to speak! #Fightfor15 pic.twitter.com/9aiv8x3YIq  Andrew Marcus (@ImAndrewMarcus) November 29, 2016",0
19533,LOUDMOUTH ROSIE O’DONNELL Just Bullied The Wrong Trump: OUTRAGED Melania Threatens Lawsuit After Rosie Pushes False Video On Twitter About 10 Yr Old Barron,"Remember when children of the President or President-elect used to be  off limits  to the press or even those who may have objected to the the views of the President? I wonder how Rosie would feel about someone spreading a totally unfounded rumor about one of her children all over social media Melania Trump has hired a famous lawyer who is now threatening a lawsuit over a video suggesting her 10-year-old son, Barron, is autistic, and the letter calls out Rosie O Donnellas a bully.According to the letter, obtained by TMZ, the YouTube video falsely insinuates Barron is autistic. The letter, and our sources familiar with the situation, say Barron absolutely is not autistic.Rosie tweeted out the video last week, with a caption,  Barron Trump Autistic?  The letter says,  The video allegedly seeks to  stop the bullying  of Barron Trump. Not true   The video did instigate further bullying by Rosie O Donnell and others. https://youtu.be/yZAd5Pu9iw4The video lists a number of signs it claims points to autism, including Barron clapping without slapping his hands together. Melania s attorney, Charles J. Harder, says Barron did this once   at the end of a long day at the RNC   but the  vast majority of the time, he claps normally. The video shows Barron yawning and grimacing during his father s victory speech at the RNC and on election night. Melania s team says both events were late at night, and Barron was exhibiting normal behavior for a 10-year-old.Melania is not threatening to sue Rosie, but her attorney, Harder, wants the person who posted the YouTube clip to delete it and post an apology.Our sources say Melania is outraged and is serious about going after the person who posted the video if he doesn t take it down.",0
19534,FOX HOST KENNEDY Gives Jill Stein An Earful: ‘Is This How You Want to Be Remembered?’ [Video], ,0
19535,KELLOGG’S PULLS ADVERTISING From Breitbart News As Punishment For Conservative News Slant…#BoycottKelloggs,"Kellogg Co. is pulling its ads from the website Breitbart News, the right-wing news organization whose former chairman Steve Bannon was tapped as a top adviser to President-elect Donald Trump.Brands that advertise on Breitbart have drawn flak in recent weeks, with activists saying the website espouses racist and anti-Semitic views. A screen shot showing an advertisement for Kellogg s Frosted Mini Wheats was part of an online campaign to get marketers to abandon the site. We regularly work with our media-buying partners to ensure our ads do not appear on sites that aren t aligned with our values as a company,  said Kris Charles, a spokeswoman for Kellogg, which also makes Frosted Flakes and Special K cereal.  We recently reviewed the list of sites where our ads can be placed and decided to discontinue advertising on Breitbart.com. We are working to remove our ads from that site. AppNexus Inc., one of the biggest digital advertising services, barred Breitbart from using its ad-serving tools earlier this month because it felt the publisher violated its hate-speech rules.AppNexus scrutinized Breitbart s website after Bannon was given the White House post. The digital ad firm decided the publication had breached a policy against content that incites violence, according to a spokesman for the company. Kellogg declined to name the third-party company that places its digital ads.Kellogg is the latest major brand to pull its online advertising from the news site. Other companies   including Allstate, Nest, EarthLink, Warby Parker and SoFi   have also blacklisted Breitbart from showing their ads, according to Digiday.The site had 19.2 million unique monthly U.S. visitors in October, up from 12.9 million a year ago, according to ComScore Inc. Breitbart doesn t rely on subscriptions, suggesting that advertising is a major source of revenue.Many marketers buy online advertising through third-party tech companies that distribute them widely across the internet, so they may not be aware of all the websites where they appear. But they also have the ability to control which websites display their ads. The creator of the Twitter account Sleeping Giants has been taking screen shots of ads appearing on Breitbart in an attempt to pressure those brands to take their ads down.Not all brands are shying away from advertising on Breitbart, though. After a screenshot showed a Nissan ad on the website, the automaker said in a statement that it  places ads in a variety of sites in order to reach as many consumers as possible. The placement of Nissan advertising is not intended to be a political commentary and there are no plans to change the advertising mix at this time,  the company said.   Bloomberg",0
19536,WOW! PRO-CASTRO LEFTIST: Cubans Fled Castro To Escape Annoying Wife And Family [Video], ,0
19537,JILL STEIN (HILLARY’S) Recount Collapses: Misses Deadline In Pennsylvania…Sues WI For Refusing Hand Recount [VIDEO],"Jill Stein got less than 1% of the vote nationwide in our presidential election, but after raising more than $7 million to do a recount (at an estimated cost of around $2 million), Jill Stein finds out she missed the deadline to file for a recount in PA. Where will all of the money go that she raised to either throw the election for Crooked Hillary, or to make Trump s presidency appear to be illegitimate? Jill Stein had everything she needed to launch a presidential recount. She had the cash, the grassroots fervor and the spotlight of an adoring media. But there s one thing she needed to overturn Trump s victory: a calendar.  Washington ExaminerThe Wisconsin Elections Commission agreed Monday to begin a recount of the presidential election on Thursday but was sued by Green Party candidate Jill Stein after the agency declined to require county officials to recount the votes by hand.It will be a race to finish the recount in time to meet a daunting federal deadline, and the lawsuit could delay the process. Under state law, the recount must begin this week as long as Stein or another candidate pays the $3.5 million estimated cost of the recount by Tuesday, election officials said.Also Monday, Stein filed a lawsuit in Pennsylvania to force a recount there and her supporters began filing recount requests at the precinct level in the Keystone State. Stein  who received just a tiny piece of the national vote  also plans to ask for a recount in Michigan on Wednesday.Unless Stein wins her lawsuit in Dane County Circuit Court, officials in each of Wisconsin s 72 counties would decide on their own whether to do their recounts of the 2.98 million statewide votes by machine or by hand, with dozens of counties expected to hand count the paper ballots.   JS ",0
19538,REMEMBER WHEN Democrat Operatives Were Caught Bragging About Their Voter Fraud Operation In WI? [VIDEO],"Watch:. @Jordanfabian If there is no #VoterFraud, how come 2 #DNC operatives resigned/ were fired over the @PVeritas_Action hidden cam videos? pic.twitter.com/7vHuQPejC0  James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 28, 2016",0
