id,title,text,label
3165,The Case for More Government and Higher Taxes - The New York Times,"It may be hard to remember, but Americans once appreciated the government that serves them. That’s long gone. Over the last six years, according to the Pew Research Center, four out of every five  —   or more  —   have said the government makes them  feel either angry or frustrated. Last March, the ranks of the incensed included 78 percent of Bernie Sanders’s supporters and a whopping 98 percent of those backing Donald J. Trump. More than half of voters  —   including 61 percent of Mr. Trump’s supporters  —   feel they are not keeping up with the rising cost of living.   of Mr. Trump’s supporters feel that life for people like them is worse than it was 50 years ago. Some of this is caused by irreversible forces. The days when white men kept an uncontested hold on political power, when young adults without a college degree could easily find a   job, are not coming back. Yet it’s not as if nothing can be done. These frustrated Americans may not fully realize it, under the influence of decades worth of sermons about government’s ultimate incompetence and venality. But there’s a strong case for more government  —   not less  —   as the most promising way to improve the nation’s standard of living. Last month, four academics  —   Jeff Madrick from the Century Foundation, Jon Bakija of Williams College, Lane Kenworthy of the University of California, San Diego, and Peter Lindert of the University of California, Davis  —   published a manual of sorts. It is titled “How Big Should Our Government Be?” (University of California Press). “A national instinct that small government is always better than large government is grounded not in facts but rather in ideology and politics,” they write. The evidence throughout the history of modern capitalism “shows that more government can lead to greater security, enhanced opportunity and a fairer sharing of national wealth. ” The scholars laid out four important tasks: improving the economy’s productivity, bolstering workers’ economic security, investing in education to close the opportunity deficit of   families, and ensuring that Middle America reaps a larger share of the spoils of growth. Their strategy includes more investment in the nation’s buckling infrastructure and expanding unemployment and health insurance. It calls for paid sick leave, parental leave and wage insurance for workers who suffer a pay cut when changing jobs. And they argue for more resources for poor families with children and for universal early childhood education. This agenda won’t come cheap. They propose raising government spending by 10 percentage points of the nation’s gross domestic product ($1. 8 trillion in today’s dollars) to bring it to some 48 percent of G. D. P. by 2065. That might sound like a lot of money. But it is roughly where Germany, Norway and Britain are today. And it is well below government spending in countries like France, Sweden and Denmark. This agenda, of course, is more popular among liberals than conservatives. Economists on the right insist that higher taxes and bigger governments reduce incentives to work and invest, harming economic growth. In one study, the Nobel laureate Edward Prescott argued that the higher taxes needed to fund a bigger government discouraged Europeans from working. The conservative argument is hardly watertight, though. Another analysis found the decline in working hours in Europe was mostly because of tight labor market regulations, not taxes. Yet another suggests Europeans value free time more. Americans took the fruits of their rising productivity in money. Europeans took it in free time. Here are some other things Europeans got from their  : lower poverty rates, lower income inequality, longer life spans, lower infant mortality rates, lower teenage pregnancy rates and lower rates of preventable death. And the coolest part, according to Mr. Lindert  —   one of the authors of the case for big government  —   is that they achieved this “without any clear loss in G. D. P. ” Even assuming that higher taxes might distort incentives, the authors concluded, negative effects are offset by positive effects that flow from productive government investments in things like health, education, infrastructure and support for mothers to join the labor force. Europe’s reliance on consumption taxes  —   which are easier to collect and have fewer negative incentives on work  —   allowed them to collect more money without generating the kind of economic drag of the United States’ tax structure, which relies more on income taxes. Americans have long been more suspicious of a big, centralized government than Europeans have been, of course. But in recent decades, the nation’s difficult racial divide has played a crucial role in checking the growth of public services. It is much easier to build support for the welfare state when taxpayers identify with beneficiaries. In multifarious America, race and other ethnic barriers stood in the way. The American government pretty much stopped growing when the civil rights movement forced whites to share public space with blacks. Tax revenue as a share of the nation’s economic output hit a peak in 1969 that it would not attain again until 1996, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. But for all the racial subtext to the election this year, times seem to be changing in unexpected ways. No, Hillary Clinton has not suddenly become a radical. And Mr. Trump’s grab bag of economic proposals is too   to provide a sense of where he would land. Yet the popular dissatisfaction that has brought us to this pass, across one of the most unusual presidential primary seasons in memory, could open new space to rethink the role of government in society. Mr. Trump’s supporters may not champion welfare. But they mistrust it less than your orthodox Republican. More of his supporters think the government should do more to help American families. More think corporate profits are too large. More think the economy is rigged to help the powerful. Fewer want to cut Social Security. The ground is shifting under Democrats, too. In 1994, when President Bill Clinton was under siege from a Republican revolution about to take over Congress, 59 percent of Democrats said government was almost always wasteful. Last year, only 40 percent did. Then, 44 percent of Democrats said the poor had it too easy. Only 25 percent do today. This does not mean, of course, that Big Government will get its day. For starters, small government Republican orthodoxy is likely to prevail in the House for years to come. Still, a sense of opportunity is in the air. In “Wealth and Welfare States,” published during the depths of the Great Recession, Irwin Garfinkel of Columbia University, Lee Rainwater of Harvard and Timothy Smeeding of the University of   suggested the United States was ultimately likely to fall into line with the rest of the advanced industrial world  —   for the simple reason that they all face similar challenges. “  common problems and trends in rich nations are the fundamental driving forces in the development of welfare state institutions,” they concluded. The United States’ swing to the right since the 1970s might have moved it in the opposite direction for a while, but “all rich nations have large welfare states. ”",0
3166,Владивосток станет одним из главных портов в АТР | Новое восточное обозрение,"В августе 2016 г. в г. Чанчунь (КНР) состоялся 21-й Саммит по международному обмену и сотрудничеству региональных администраций стран Северо-Восточной Азии. В нем приняли участие делегации из России, Китая, Республики Корея, Монголии и Японии. Высокопоставленные представители указанных государств обсудили важные вопросы сотрудничества в области торговли, транспорта, экологии и др. Помимо прочих важных вопросов межгосударственного сотрудничества, немалое внимание было уделено развитию регионального туризма, в котором Приморью предстоит сыграть значительную роль. В частности, говорили о возможностях развития морского туризма и создании постоянного туристического маршрута, который соединит Приморье, Республику Корея, Китай и Японию. Планы, озвученные на Саммите, не были забыты: стороны немедленно приступили к работе. Уже в октябре 2016 г. Приморье встречало гостей из Южной Кореи, которые прибыли обсудить подробности проекта. Возглавлял делегацию Пак Тэ Ук, глава Морского туристического центра провинции Кангвон. Во время встречи с администрацией Приморского края он заявил, что Владивосток должен стать узловой точкой круизной и паромной линий Азиатско-Тихоокеанского региона. Столица Приморского края уже успела принять один круизный лайнер из Южной Кореи – в мае 2016 г. его посетила «Коста Виктория». Владивосток произвел на корейских туристов неизгладимое впечатление. Стало очевидно, что развитие туризма в этом направлении способно принести огромные доходы как российской, так и корейской стороне. По словам Пак Тэ Ука, в 2017 г. «Коста Виктория» посетит столицу Приморья шесть раз. Кроме того, туда станут совершать рейсы и другие корабли. Таким образом, корейские туристы начнут прибывать в город каждый месяц, а постоянная работа маршрута начнется уже в феврале 2017 г. Маршрут включает порт Тяньцзинь в Китае, Пусан и Сокчо в Южной Корее, Сакайминато и Хаката в Японии и Владивосток в России. Когда он заработает, общее число круизных судов, посещающих Приморье за год, возрастет втрое. Как заметил господин Пак, особое значение новым круизным маршрутам в регионе придают грядущие Олимпийские игры. Ближайшие три Олимпиады должны пройти именно в странах Северо-Восточной Азии – Южной Корее, Японии и Китае. Ввиду этого развитие судоходства и авиаперевозок в регионе становится жизненно важным и чрезвычайно прибыльным. В целом, следует отметить, что постепенно Владивосток становится все более значимым культурным и торговым центром в СВА, способствуя при этом развитию всего Приморья. Одновременно он набирает все большую популярность у иностранных туристов. Важным фактором, способствующим этому, стало принятие закона, позволяющего с начала 2016 г. иностранцам въезд и нахождение во Владивостоке в течение 8 дней без визы. По прогнозам Департамента международного сотрудничества Приморского края, за еще не окончившийся 2016 год во Владивостоке побывает более 500 тыс. иностранных туристов. Помимо «Коста Виктория», в текущем году столица Приморья приняла еще пять круизных лайнеров. Так, в марте 2016 г. во Владивосток прибыл немецкий лайнер « Artania », а в мае – японский « Nippon Maru ». В июле столицу Приморья впервые посетил знаменитый круизный лайнер «Sun Princess», совершавший рейс из Сиднея в Токио через Малайзию, Гонконг, Шанхай и Сеул. Этот огромный корабль, имеющий длину 261 метров и водоизмещение 77 441 тонн, вмещает экипаж из 1000 человек и 2200 пассажиров. После спуска на воду в 1995 г. «Sun Princess» считался одним из крупнейших круизных лайнеров в мире. Несмотря на то, что с тех пор появились и гораздо более крупные лайнеры, он по-прежнему остается всемирно известным, как одно из самых популярных и комфортабельных туристических судов. Принадлежит «Sun Princess» одной из самых больших в мире круизных компаний, мультинациональной «Carnival Corporation». Прибытие судна такого уровня – очередное свидетельство того, что Владивосток становится одним из ключевых портов АТР. Более того, за последние несколько лет столицу Приморья уже восемь раз посещал «родственник» знаменитого лайнера – не менее знаменитый « Diamond Princess », относящийся к той же серии и принадлежащий той же корпорации. Еще одним важным событием 2016 г. стало первое посещение приморской столицы туристическим лайнером из КНР «Chinese Tais h an». Несмотря на то, что это не такой гигант, как «Sun Princess», и что рассчитан он на путешественников среднего достатка, прибытие «Chinese Tais h an» – знаменательное событие. Следует напомнить, что в связи с увеличением благосостояния китайские граждане приобрели к путешествиям особую страсть. Именно они сейчас составляют основу самых мощных и прибыльных туристических потоков. Есть все основания ожидать, что с каждым годом они будут расти, а новые морские туристические маршруты приобретут чрезвычайную популярность. Последним туристическим судном, посетившим Владивосток в 2016 г., стал « Pacific Venus », пришвартовавшийся в этом российском порту 20 октября. Он совершал круиз из Японии с заходом в южнокорейский порт Пусан. « Pacific Venus » входит в число крупнейших лайнеров Японского моря и является вторым по размеру японским кораблем. На его борту прибыло более 300 туристов. За последние несколько лет это уже пятое посещение « Pacific Venus » Владивостока. Еще одним результатом августовского визита приморского губернатора в КНР стало восстановление паромного сообщения по маршруту Сокчо (Южная Корея) – Зарубино (Россия) – Хуньчунь (Китай). Соответствующее трехстороннее соглашение было подписано на встрече губернаторов регионов стран СВА. С лета 2017 г. обновленная паромная линия будет перевозить больше туристов (будут использоваться суда вместимостью до 1000 человек) и значительные объемы грузов. Следует ожидать большого потока туристов: ведь в феврале 2016 г. Министерство культуры выдвинуло инициативу о включении Зарубино в число российских портов, для прибытия в которые иностранным туристам не потребуется виза. Давно известно, что туризм нельзя недооценивать. Помимо больших прибылей, которые он приносит сам по себе, он также способствует развитию международных культурных и торговых отношений. Туризм ведет к процветанию любого региона, обеспечивает рекламу, международный престиж и приток инвесторов. Что касается морских туристических маршрутов, то их прогресс неразрывно связан с развитием судоходства в целом. Таким образом, усилия Приморского края по привлечению туристов из ведущих государств Азии ведут к экономическому росту всего региона и укреплению позиций Владивостока как одного из главных портов АТР. София Пале, кандидат исторических наук, научный сотрудник Центра Юго-Восточной Азии, Австралии и Океании ИВ РАН, специально для интернет-журнала «Новое Восточное Обозрение». Популярные статьи ",0
3167,WATCH: Embattled GOP Senator Just Killed His Campaign With This Racist Remark,"WATCH: Embattled GOP Senator Just Killed His Campaign With This Racist Remark By Carrie MacDonald on October 28, 2016 
Senator Mark Kirk (R-Ill.) faced Representative Tammy Duckworth (D-Ill.) in a debate last night, and he decided to go full racist and question her family’s military service. Kirk Goes Low … Again 
Sen. Kirk is battling to retain his Senate seat, and his chances of doing so get slimmer by the day. In last night’s debate, he made a racist comment to Rep. Duckworth that may put the final nail in the coffin of his re-election bid. 
Both candidates in the race are military veterans, and Rep. Duckworth was speaking about her own service as well as that of her family. She said : “My family has served this nation in uniform going back to the Revolution. I am a daughter of the American Revolution. I’ve bled for this nation. But I still want to be there in the Senate when the drums of war sound — because people are quick to sound the drums of war — and I want to be there to say, ‘This is what it costs. This is what you’re asking us to do. And if that’s the case, I’ll go.’ Families like mine are the ones that lead first. But let’s make sure the American people understand what we are engaging in. And let’s hold our allies accountable because we can’t do it all.” 
Sen. Kirk was given the customary 30 seconds to respond. However, rather than respond with dignity and grace, he chose to take the low road, saying: “I had forgotten that your parents came all the way from Thailand to serve George Washington.” 
Rep. Duckworth was born in Bangkok to a mother of Thai-Chinese descent and an American father. 
And yes, her family’s military service on her father’s side can indeed be traced back to the American Revolution. 
Kirk’s comment, made to a woman who lost both her legs and nearly lost her right arm in Iraq, was racist and indefensible. I find myself wondering what he possibly thought he could gain by making it. His campaign has come forward to say that Kirk “honors her family’s service.” If that’s true, he has a strange way of showing it. 
The junior senator has come under fire in the past for lying about his own military service. 
As for Rep. Duckworth, she simply smiled and let the moderator move on. My guess is she was thinking of how nice “Senator Tammy Duckworth” sounds, because Kirk may as well just bow out gracefully now. 
Watch the exchange here, and remember to vote on November 8: 
Featured Images by Lance Cheung and Daniel X. O’Nell via Flickr under a CC By 2.0 license About Carrie MacDonald 
Carrie is a progressive mom and wife living in the upper Midwest. Connect",0
3168,Mass Migration,"0 12 
Observing the US presidential electoral campaign, Thierry Meyssan analyses the resurgence of an old and weighty conflict of civilisation. Hillary Clinton has just declared that this election is not about programmes, but about the question «Who are the Americans?». It was not for reasons of his political programme that the Republican leaders have withdrawn their support from their candidate, Donald Trump, but because of his personal behaviour. According to Thierry Meyssan, until now, the United States was composed of migrants from different horizons who accepted to submit to the ideology of a particular community . This is the model which is in the process of breaking down, at the risk of shattering the country itself. During the year of the US electoral campaign that we have just weathered, the rhetoric has profoundly changed, and an unexpected rift has appeared between the two camps. If in the beginning, the candidates spoke about subjects which were genuinely political (such as the sharing of wealth or national security), today they are mostly talking about sex and money. It is this dialogue, and not the political questions, which has caused the explosion of the Republican party – whose main leaders have withdrawn their support for their candidate – and which is recomposing the political chess-board, awakening an ancient cleavage of civilisation. On one side, Mrs Clinton is working to appear politically correct, while on the other, «The Donald» is blowing the hypocrisy of the ex-«First Lady» to smithereens. 
On one side, Hillary Clinton promises male / female equality – although she has never hesitated to attack and defile the women who revealed that they had slept with her husband – and that she is presenting herself not for her personal qualities, but as the wife of an ex-President, and that she accuses Donald Trump of misogyny because he does not hide his appreciation of the female gender. On the other, Donald Trump denounces the privatisation of the State and the racketing of foreign personalities by the Clinton Foundation to obtain appointments with the State Department – the creation of ObamaCare not in the interest of citizens, but for the profit of medical insurance companies – and goes as far as to question the honesty of the electoral system. 
I am perfectly aware that the way in which Donald Trump expresses himself may encourage racism, but I do not believe for a second that this question is at the heart of the electoral debate, despite the hype from the pro-Clinton medias. It is not without interest that, during the Lewinsky affair, President Bill Clinton apologised to the Nation and convened a number of preachers to pray for his salvation. But when he was accused of similar misconduct by an audio recording, Donald Trump simply apologised to the people he had upset without making any appeal to members of the clergy. The current divide re-awakens the revolt of Catholic, Orthodox and Lutheran values against those of the Calvinists, mainly represented in the USA by the Presbyterians, the Baptists and the Methodists. 
While the two candidates were raised in the Puritan tradition (Clinton as a Methodist and Trump as a Presbyterian), Mrs. Clinton has returned to the religion of her father, and participates today in a prayer group composed of the army chiefs of staff, The Family, while Mr Trump practises a more interior form of spirituality and rarely goes to church. Of course, no-one is locked into the systems in which they were raised, but when people act without thinking, they unconsciously reproduce these systems. The question of the religious environment of the candidates may, therefore, be important. 
In order to understand the stakes of this game, we have to go back and look at 17th century England. Oliver Cromwell instigated a military coup d’etat which overthrew King Charles 1st. He wanted to install a Republic, purify the soul of the country, and ordered the decapitation of the ex-sovereign. He created a sectarian régime inspired by the ideas of Calvin, massacred thousands of Irish Papists, and imposed a Puritan way of life. He also created Zionism – he invited the Jews back to England and was the first head of state in the world to demand the creation of a Jewish state in Palestine. This bloody episode is known by the name of the «First British Civil War». 
After the monarchy had been reinstated, Cromwell’s Puritans fled from England. They set up in Holland, from where some of them left for the Americas aboard the Mayflower (the «Pilgrim Fathers»), while others founded the Afrikaner community in South Africa. During the War of Independence in the 18th century the United States, we saw a resurgence of the struggle of the Calvinists against the British monarchy, so that in current manuals of British History, it is known as the «Second Civil War». 
In the 19th century, the American Civil War opposed the Southern States (mainly inhabited by Catholic colonists) to the North (mostly inhabited by Protestant colonists). The History of the winning side presents this confrontation as a fight for freedom in the face of slavery, which is pure propaganda. The Southern states abolished slavery during the war when they concluded an agreement with the British monarchy). As a result, we once again saw the revolt of the Puritans against the British throne, which is why some historians speak of the «Third British Civil War». 
During the 20th century, this interior confrontation of British civilisation seemed over and done with, apart from the re-appearance of the Puritans in the United Kingdom with the «non-conformist Christians» of Prime Minister David Lloyd George. It was they who divided Ireland and agreed to create the « Jewish national homeland» in Palestine. 
In any case, one of Richard Nixon’s advisors, Kevin Philipps, dedicated a voluminous thesis to these civil wars, in which he noted that none of the problems had been solved, and announced a fourth confrontation [ 1 ]. 
The adepts of the Calvinist churches, who for the last 40 years have voted massively for the Republicans, now support the Democrats. 
I have no doubt that Mrs Clinton will be the next President of the United States, or that if Mr Trump were to be elected, he would be rapidly eliminated. But over the last few months, we have witnessed a large electoral redistribution within an irreversible demographic evolution. The Puritan-based churches now account for only a quarter of the population and are swinging towards the Democrat camp. Their model looks like a historical accident. It disappeared in South Africa, and will not be able to survive much longer, either in the United States or in Israël. Beyond the Presidential election, US society will have to evolve rapidly or split once again. In a country where the youth massively rejects the influence of the Puritan preachers, it is no longer possible to displace the question of equality. The Puritans envisage a society where all men are equal, but not equivalent. Lord Cromwell wanted a Republic for the English, but only after he had massacred the Irish Papists. This is how it is at the moment in the United States – all citizens are equal before the law, but in the name of the same texts, black people are systematically condemned, while attenuating circumstances are found for white people who have committed equivalent crimes. And in the majority of states, a penal condemnation, even for a speeding ticket, is enough to cancel the right to vote. Consequently, white and black people are equal, but in most states, the majority of black people has been legally deprived of its right to vote. The paradigm of this thought, in terms of foreign policy, is the «two-state» solution in Palestine – equal, but above all, not equivalent. 
It is Puritan thinking that led the administrations of preacher Carter, Reagan, Bush (Sr. and Jr. are direct descendants of the Pilgrim Fathers), Clinton and Obama to support Wahhabism, in contradiction to the declared ideals of their countries, and today, to support Daesh. 
A long time ago, the Founding Fathers built communities in Plymouth and Boston which were idealised in the US collective memory. And yet the historians are formal – they claimed to be creating the «New Israël», and chose the «Law of Moses». They did not place the Cross in their temples, but the Tables of the Law. Although they are Christians, they attach more importance to the Jewish scriptures than the Gospel. They oblige their women to veil their faces and re-established corporaI punishment. 
Note:",0
3169,How the Fed’s Interest Rate Increase Can Affect You - The New York Times,"The Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate on Wednesday for just the second time since the 2008 financial crisis. Economists talk a lot about the impact this will have on markets, but what about everyday consumers? The Fed’s decision can affect the cost of housing, cars, student loans and even the interest on your credit card  —   though not all necessarily right away. And when the Fed raises rates, all sorts of other expenses eventually tick up. The move is part of what will be a slow, upward climb for what’s known as the federal funds rate. Banks are ordered by law to have a certain amount of money in reserve, so they typically make overnight loans to each other to keep those balances up. The federal funds rate is the level of interest that applies to those   loans. Because the rate has been close to zero since 2008, as part of the Fed’s strategy to bring the nation out of a recession, there’s hardly anywhere for it to go but up. As the economy improves and   Donald J. Trump unveils his stimulus package, economists expect rates to rise steadily over a period of years. “The bottom line, ostensibly, is that the economy is getting stronger,” said Dean Baker,   of the Center for Economic and Policy Research. “Nobody in their right mind would say, ‘I’d rather have higher unemployment and lower interest rates.’ Nobody wants to pay a higher interest rate, but I think that’s an easy choice for most people. ” If you’re going to buy a home, chances are that you will opt for a     mortgage. Most home buyers do. Those loans have become remarkably affordable, especially since the financial crisis, with their interest rates bottoming out at around 3. 5 percent. In general, movement of the Fed’s rate does not have a large, direct impact on   mortgage rates. But when the Fed’s rate goes up, banks find ways to pass their higher borrowing costs along to consumers. And because   mortgage rates are set in stone, they also factor in the anticipation of future rate increases. That’s part of why mortgage rates have been shooting up in recent months: The Fed has suggested that interest rates are likely to continue rising for years. The average interest rate on a mortgage this month is 4. 3 percent, according to LendingTree, and the average loan on a     mortgage is worth about $237, 000. If the borrowing rate were to rise by, say, another percentage point in the coming year, this would mean an additional $138 a month on the average mortgage  —   leading to nearly $50, 000 in added interest over the duration of the loan. As mortgage rates go up, people are a little less likely to buy a house, and those with   mortgages are less likely to refinance (because they probably will not end up with a better deal). An interesting wrinkle is that as a result, volume  —   that is, the amount of new mortgage contracts being issued  —   goes down. So brokers could also start loosening their requirements for new mortgages. The annual percentage rate on your credit card can be anywhere from 15 percent to 20 percent  —   much higher than the interest rate on a mortgage or a car loan. An uptick in the Fed’s interest rate might cause your credit card’s A. P. R. if it’s variable as opposed to fixed at a specific rate, to bounce by one or two percentage points. The effects of that can be larger than they may initially seem, in part because the interest compounds. That is, you begin to pay interest on what you owe and the interest that you have been accumulating on that. “If you’re accumulating credit card debt for a year,” said Markus K. Brunnermeier, a Princeton economist, “moving from 13 percent interest to 15 percent is a much bigger deal than moving something from 1 percent to 3 percent. ” Rates for student loans, like other forms of borrowing, are at a relative low. But as the Fed’s rate rises, that will change for those just starting to think about paying for college. Federal loans are tied to the   Treasury rate, which factors in the Fed’s anticipated interest rates over the coming decade. Because these rates are projected to tick up steadily by the Fed’s own forecasts, students planning to take out loans in the next few years can expect the government’s student loan rates to rise. “Students taking out new debt will be looking at higher payments,” Dr. Baker said, adding that he expected rates could rise by one or two percentage points in the next few years. Rates for car loans, too, are already climbing in response to the Fed’s expected move. Auto loans tend to last only a few years, so there is still time for car buyers to get ahead of the curve. That’s because the Fed, in its most recent economic projection, predicted that interest rates will continue climbing into the next decade. A few years from now, a car loan issued in 2017 could be fully paid off, and interest rates may still be on the rise. “If you’re thinking of buying it now or in two years’ time, you should buy it now,” Dr. Brunnermeier said. What about renters? An   increase may also affect them  —   just not as directly. Higher rates mean that landlords must pay more to purchase and renovate their properties, so in the long run, those are costs they could easily pass on to renters  —   though it’s not necessarily a given that it will happen. And with the labor market improving, workers’ wages could rise at about the same time as rent prices, said Stephen D. Oliner, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute and former member of the Federal Reserve Board. “It’s possible that with their wages rising, people will be able to keep up with the higher payments on their rents,” he said.",0
3170,Trump’s Campaign Backfires As Hillary Clinton Attracts Millions of New Voters,"By Jason Easley on Thu, Oct 27th, 2016 at 2:18 pm Donald Trump promised that he would bring millions of new Republicans voters into the election, but polling in swing states shows that it is Hillary Clinton who is getting new voters out to support her.   
Donald Trump promised that he would bring millions of new Republicans voters into the election, but polling in swing states shows that it is Hillary Clinton who is getting new voters out to support her. 
Within their discussion of a new Pennsylvania poll showing Clinton leading Trump by 7 points, The New York Times reported: 
Mrs. Clinton has an 18-point lead among voters who did not participate in the 2012 election, according to our estimates, which are based on a combination of the poll results and voter file data. She fares even better among white voters who didn’t vote in 2012 than she does among white voters who did. It’s a pattern that has been true across all of the Upshot/Siena surveys in Florida, North Carolina and Pennsylvania. 
There has not been an influx of new voters who might help Mr. Trump. According to our estimates, Mrs. Clinton has a 16-point lead among newly registered voters. 
The idea that Trump was bringing millions of new voters to the Republican Party was always a myth. 
Donald Trump got the most votes of any candidate in a Republican presidential primary. Trump also set the record for most votes cast against in a Republican primary. Trump is one of the few nominees in history to have a majority of his party’s primary ballots cast against him. 
Hillary Clinton is the candidate who is attracting millions of new voters, and without a doubt, some of those voters have been motivated by Donald Trump’s campaign. 
Trump was right. He has brought millions of new voters to the polls. What he neglected to tell Republicans is that they are coming for Hillary Clinton.",0
3171,Transylvania Recalls Melania Trump While Movement To Deport Her Gains Steam,"Monday, 31 October 2016 Melania Trump has been recalled by Cryosphere Reanimators in Transylvania. 
Two new stories about Melania Trump are converging to rock the Trump empire, this is after Donald Trump's failed presidential campaign has already severely damaged the family brand. 
First the real shocker. 
Meyer Hallsy of Cryosphere Reanimators in the Transylvania region of Romania issued a statement that stunned the Trumps and the world: Melania Trump was being recalled along with 1,500 other reanimation subjects due to a shorter than expected lifespan on several body parts, though they declined to say specifically which parts or organs. 
Donald Trump denied the claims that Melania was reanimated in Transylvania and insisted she is from Slovenia when he talked to reporters while he was stranded at the Milwaukee airport . 
""This is one of the most twisted conspiracy theories ever, and I'm sure crooked Hillary was behind it just like she was behind the rumors of Obama being born in Kenya. But if this story and the recall were true I would ask them to work on one or two of Melania's body parts in particular while they had her, you guys, if you're married, you know what I mean."" 
Meyer Hallsy gave a select few in the press an interview at the reanimation lab the day after his bombshell announcement about Melania and others like her. 
""Before the questions, let me explain a few things that will help to make everything more clear. Melania and the other pleasurebots don't know they are reanimated from the dead because we give them memory implants. So that's why Melania thinks she's from Slovenia. So think about it, her accounts of when she came to the US and started modeling have been shown to be false, no one can corroborate her history either--that's because it's all memory implants."" 
The shocked press began shouting questions as Hallsy continued over the din. 
""Cryosphere Reanimators will transport all pleasurebots to Transylvania and back to their current homes at our own cost. I want to tell Melania Trump and all the other units on recall that we just want to keep them well and functioning and they will all have a wonderful welcome when they return to their birthplace so to speak, and then they can return to their owners after we fix them. If you are on the recall list and you are feeling sick in any way at all please contact Cryosphere immediately."" 
In response to the doubters of the story, Meyer Hallsy said his company has already anticipated the need to convince some pleasurebots of the truth of their origin. 
""If Melania and the other pleasurebots need to be convinced, they can call our new hotline where specially trained counselors will talk to them and tell them about a memory that only they can know about as proof that we created them."" 
Movement To Deport Melania Gains Steam 
It was once a fringe group of liberals and conservatives questioning Melania's initial entry to the US and whether or not she had proper documents, therefore leading to questions about the legitimacy of her marriage and citizenship status as well. Now, the Deport Melania coalition has spiked in membership since Cryosphere broke the story of their reanimation project. 
Besides questions about Melania's right to be in the US, even her right to exist is being questioned by anti-Trump forces, as well as religious and political leaders. 
Donald Trump has also threatened to deport Melania if she gains too much weight as first lady, and Melania has been on the defensive since gaining 3 pounds during the campaign. Privately, Donald Trump is saying Melania is a slob for gaining the extra weight. Make XRhonda Speaks's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
3172,Comment on 5 Ways You Can Start Feeling Better About Yourself Right Now by What are the harsh life lessons everyone should learn in their 20s? • BLOGNOTION,"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter It’s a no brainer that as a species we want to feel good ALL THE TIME — I mean, who wakes up in the morning wanting to feel bad? — but with the way society bombards us with unrealistic ideals and goals, it feels like a nearly impossible feat. advertisement - learn more I’ve been battling with my brain the past month on whether or not I want to ‘look good’ or ‘feel good.’ Trust me, I know what the ‘right’ answer is but I just can’t overlook the idea that maybe I can have both… (you can, by the way). Perhaps I’m just looking at it all wrong. There are many different routes to happiness and on our journey there we are presented with many road blocks that either shift us ahead a step or really set us back about a mile. Either way, the destination will always be there and I believe it’s through these road blocks that we can learn more about ourselves and our bodies. One thing is for sure, while it’s important to know what our destination is, it’s also important to not fixate on it or, even worse, not allow it to change when we change (you will change during this time). Even more so, it’s important to focus on the small steps to get there. So let’s avoid overwhelming our psyche with doubt. 1. Look in the Mirror Optimistically Just the other day before getting fully undressed to take a shower, I decided I wanted to look at myself in the mirror with my underwear on. I even put my underwear back on to do this. Just as I was pulling them up I had a startling realization that all I was going to do to myself was judge my body . I knew that I wasn’t actually wanting to look at myself in the mirror in a positive way; I just wanted to remind myself about what I wanted to change. After this moment I decided that every time I looked at myself in the mirror I had to say three positive things about myself. I wasn’t going to avoid looking in mirrors, but rather encourage a positive reinforcement with my reflection. After all, we can always find something negative to say about ourselves, so why would I perpetuate the insecurity? advertisement - learn more 2. Cleanse Your Feed At this point in my life I’ve come to realize how my social media outlets work — or at least, how I want them to work. I spend a considerable amount of time on Instagram and Facebook every day so it’s really important that I control what I allow myself to be exposed to. Recently I decided to filter my social media accounts in an effort to ensure I’m only seeing content that will benefit me intellectually, emotionally, and psychologically. I use Facebook strictly for information, like articles, news, etc., and Instagram for inspiration and keeping up with friends. I do still use Facebook for this to a degree, but limit it to close friends and family. I started by unfollowing as many people or pages that offered me little to no substance. You can do this by clicking on the arrow in the top right corner of any post and selecting ‘unfollow.’ I also went through my Facebook pages and changed the setting on whichever ones I felt I gained the most knowledge from by clicking ‘Liked’ and then ‘See First.’ 3. Comparing Doesn’t Benefit Anyone Even though Instagram is pretty good at making sure you only see the pages and people you want to follow, it’s also insanely easy to see content you didn’t bargain for. This can obviously be great in helping you to discover new things and people, but it can also throw you into a never ending hole of self doubt, from fitness page to fitness page to fitness page… Sometimes this can be motivating, to see other women and men attaining their fitness goals, but most of the time it makes us wish we weren’t so ‘lazy’ or undisciplined. The one thing I always remind myself is that there is no sense in comparing . We have all led different lives that have brought us to certain points in our life. It makes no sense to compare yourself to a 25 year old fitness model when you do not value fitness yourself or are not at the same stage in your fitness journey. Not to mention all the other factors (time, money, health, genetics, etc.). It’s their job to look that way; it’s not yours. 4. Read a Book One terrible habit I’m in the midst of kicking is how much time I spend on my phone right before bed. Aside from it inhibiting my sleep , it also takes away time I could be spending learning more about myself and the world. Now, an hour or more before bed, I turn off my WiFi and data and turn airplane mode on, and I lie in bed reading a book. I have already felt a significant difference with my eyes. They don’t get as dry or feel as strained and I have a much easier time waking in the morning. Another good (and maybe obvious) tip is to read one book before starting another one. I believe that having multiple books on the go may be stressful to our subconscious minds, making us feel like we have unfinished business and making it more difficult to retain information. And of course, that stress also makes falling asleep that much harder. 5. Ditch the Guilt No one has control over the way we feel except ourselves, and far too often, we give ourselves daily beatings over decisions we’ve made or didn’t make. You HAVE to be your own best friend! Spend time with yourself often and TREAT yourself often. The next time you want to buy yourself something you want or want to try something new, DO IT. Consciously make a decision that what you are about to purchase for yourself is a GIFT. For whatever reason we are made to feel that we are not worthy of nice things or to experience a moment of zen. Every week, treat yourself. Whether that be by taking a bath, eating a dessert, buying an outfit, going for a walk, or watching a play, set a day, night, or even hour for you and yourself to go on a ‘date.’ Treat yourself how you WANT to be treated. Overall… There are so many ways we can feel good about our bodies and our minds but the best way to truly know what makes you feel good is by really tuning in to how your body feels. This may seem glaringly obvious but oftentimes we do something because we think it will feel good. The next time you have an idea of something you want to do or perhaps you’ve done something you expected would make you feel good, sit in the moment for a while and really listen to your body. Monitor the way it feels and whether or not you’ve created an expectation or if what you’re experiencing is authentic. Trust me, you’ll know. 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
3173,85-Year-Old Marathoner Is So Fast That Even Scientists Marvel - The New York Times,"MILTON, Ontario  —   It was a day for talking, not running. Snow was piled along the streets. The driveway was icy. Ed Whitlock’s shoulder hurt. His face had been puffy. He did not feel well enough for the cemetery. At a visitor’s urging, Whitlock showed his display of novelty trophies. A beer can for winning a series of races as a   . (“There’s still beer inside! ”) A coffee mug for becoming the first (and still only) person older than 70 to run a marathon in under three hours. A baseball for throwing out the first pitch at a minor league game. “It bounced three times to the catcher,” Whitlock said a few days before Christmas. “My arm is terrible. ” It is not his arm, but his legs and lungs that have made him a scientific marvel and octogenarian phenom. In October, at 85, he set his latest   record, completing the Toronto Waterfront Marathon in 3 hours 56 minutes 34 seconds and becoming the oldest person to run 26. 2 miles in under four hours. Having set dozens of   records from the metric mile to the marathon, Whitlock remains at the forefront among older athletes who have led scientists to reassess the possibilities of aging and performance. “He’s about as close as you can get to minimal aging in a human individual,” said Dr. Michael Joyner, a researcher at the Mayo Clinic who has studied performance and aging. Whitlock’s career has been as unorthodox as it is remarkable. For starters, he trains alone in the Milton Evergreen Cemetery near his home outside Toronto. He runs laps for three or three and a half hours at a time, unbothered by traffic or the eternal inhabitants or the modern theories and gadgets of training. At the Toronto Marathon, he raced in    shoes and a singlet that was 20 or 30 years old. He has no coach. He follows no special diet. He does not chart his mileage. He wears no   monitor. He takes no ice baths, gets no massages. He shovels snow in the winter and gardens in the summer but lifts no weights, does no situps or  . He avoids stretching, except the day of a race. He takes no medication, only a supplement that may or may not help his knees. What he does possess is a slight build: He is 5 feet 7 inches and weighs 110 to 112 pounds. He also has an enormous   capacity an uncommon retention of muscle mass for someone his age a floating gait and an unwavering dedication to pit himself against the clock, both the internal one and the one at the finish line. “I believe people can do far more than they think they can,” said Whitlock, a retired mining engineer who was born in greater London and speaks with British  . “You have to be idiot enough to try it. ” Four years ago, at 81, Whitlock underwent a battery of physiological and cognitive tests at McGill University in Montreal. One of the tests measured his VO2 max, the maximum amount of oxygen that can be consumed and used by the muscles during exercise. It is measured in milliliters of oxygen per kilogram of body weight per minute. The higher the number, the greater a person’s aerobic fitness. A top     skier might have a VO2 max of 90, compared to 20 for those living independently in their 80s. Mr. Whitlock’s score was an exceptional 54. That is roughly equivalent to someone of college age who is a recreational athlete, said Russell Hepple, an exercise physiologist who performed the tests on Whitlock at McGill with his colleague and wife, Tanja Taivassalo. A VO2 max reading of 54 appears to be unsurpassed for people tested in their 80s, said Scott Trappe, the director of the   laboratory at Ball State University in Muncie, Ind. who has studied Swedish   skiers who continued to perform at high levels into their 80s and early 90s, including the 1948 Olympic champion Martin Lundstrom. “There’s nothing higher than that in the literature,” Trappe said of Whitlock. “It’s phenomenal physiology. ” At McGill, Whitlock also underwent imaging and biopsy testing of his muscles. The smallest functional entity of muscle is called a motor unit, which consists of a neuron and the muscle fibers it activates. The number of functioning motor units declines with age. For example, a healthy young adult has about 160 motor units in the shin muscle, called the tibialis anterior, which helps lift the toes. In an octogenarian, that number could have declined to about 60 motor units, Hepple said, but Whitlock retained “closer to 100. ” This preservation might largely be explained, he said, by a chronically elevated level of circulating chemicals, called neurotrophins, which protect and nurture neurons, helping them survive. “That’s a big advantage,” said Hepple, who has recently moved to the University of Florida and is continuing to analyze his study of Whitlock and other aging athletes. “If you have more motor units, in the context of age, that would be reflected in better maintenance of muscle mass, which in turn would translate into better strength. ” Even though Whitlock’s Prince Valiant hair has long grown white and thin, a photograph of him running in his early 20s shows a physique remarkably similar to his octogenarian build, Hepple said. “It really is an astounding picture,” he said. “Normally a person of Ed’s age might lose a third to 40 percent of their muscle mass over that span. For him to have more or less the same mass as he had in his 20s, that’s really something. ” Beyond genetics, there are other factors that surely have contributed to Whitlock’s stunning endurance, said Joyner of the Mayo Clinic. He compared Whitlock to Joan Benoit Samuelson, the 1984 Olympic marathon champion who has continued to run   hour marathons into her late 50s and has said she will attempt the extraordinary feat into her 60s. Neither Whitlock nor Benoit Samuelson could be considered extroverts. Yet athletes like them who remain highly active as they age “haven’t killed off their inner  ” Joyner said. He described them, in general, as curious, relatively unconstrained and full of “physical and emotional vigor,” not so different from the older aunt or uncle who insists on shooting squirt guns at family reunions. “There are biological factors I’m not naïve about that,” Joyner said. “But the message with these people is not that they’re freaks. It is that a whole lot of aging, with a bit of luck, is under some volitional control. ” Inevitably, though, even Whitlock has made some concessions to growing older. His weight before the Toronto Waterfront Marathon in October dropped to 105 pounds, and he wonders whether he is experiencing some muscle wasting. His marathon time at age 85, 3:56:34, is more than an hour slower than the 2:54:48 he ran in Toronto at age 73 in what is widely considered his greatest masters race. Adjusted for age, that race was the equivalent of a runner in his prime completing a marathon in 2:04:48, which is less than two minutes off the current world record of 2:02:57. Writing in The New York Times, the running journalist Marc Bloom said that Whitlock’s performance in 2004 may have made him “the world’s best athlete for his age. ” For that startling race, Whitlock’s training log showed that he did 43 training runs of three hours apiece. He did not measure the distance, but his speed at the time suggested that a   run could cover more than 20 miles, perhaps as many as 22 or 23, not much shorter than the distance of a full marathon. “I was much better prepared for that race than I have ever been before or since,” Whitlock said. In 2016, he set another flurry of   records, including a half marathon run in 1:50. 47. But there were also more frequent interruptions in training  —   aches in his shoulder, knee, hip and groin. He was limited to 16 training runs of three hours for the most recent Toronto Marathon. His race pace of 9:01 per mile, while impressive, was nearly two and a half minutes slower than the 6:40 pace he ran at 73. “When you get to my age, the rate of deterioration is accelerating,” Whitlock said. “I’m sure every year, every six months, make a difference. I don’t seem to be able to consistently train. Whether that’s a permanent situation, I’m hoping not. ” The next looming marathon record is for age 90 and beyond. Fauja Singh of England ran 5:40:04 at the purported age of 92 in 2003, but his mark has not been ratified because he has been unable to produce a birth certificate. Otherwise, statisticians list the   record variously as 6:35:47 or 6:46:34. “We’ll see if I’m running when I’m 90,” Whitlock said. “You never really know if you’ve run your last race or not. I think I do have longevity in my genes”  —   an uncle lived to 107, he said  —   “but you never know, you might get hit by a bus. ” As a schoolboy in London in the 1940s, Whitlock said, he ran a mile in 4:34. He later belonged to the same running club, Walton Athletic, as did Chris Chataway, who paced Roger Bannister to the first   minute mile, in 1954, and Alan Turing, the mathematician who broke Germany’s Enigma code in World War II. Whitlock’s running career ebbed late in college when he sustained an injury to the Achilles’ tendon in his right foot. Upon graduating in 1952 from the Royal School of Mines at Imperial College in London, he emigrated to Canada, north of Toronto, and did not run for nearly two decades, until he was 41. “No one was running there at the time,” he said. “I was in no mood to be a pioneer. ” He kept in reasonable shape by refereeing soccer matches, cycling and walking. Whitlock’s long layoff from running, scientists said, probably saved wear and tear on his joints. He has also taken a year off three times to recover from aching knees. “He knows when to rest,” said Ken Young, a   of the Association of Road Racing Statisticians. Whitlock’s first marathon came in 1975, at age 44, out of parental concern. His youngest son, Clive, 14 at the time, had run every day for a year and wanted to attempt a marathon. “We did our best to try to persuade him out of that,” Whitlock said. “He was not to be denied. ” Father and son ran in 3:09, and four years later, at 48, Whitlock ran his fastest marathon, in 2:31. He became more devoted to the event after retiring and attempting to become the first person 70 or older to run 26 miles 385 yards under three hours. In running and exercise science circles, he has become “a rock star,” Trappe said Amby Burfoot, the winner of the 1968 Boston Marathon and a longtime editor at Runner’s World magazine who continues to run at 70, said, “For a guy who looks like a     wind could blow him down, Ed just keeps going and going, setting his own path and records and no one can come close to them. ” Asked why he kept running, Whitlock candidly said he enjoyed setting records and receiving attention. His approach remains pragmatic. He does not experience a runner’s high, he said, and does not run for his health. He finds training to be drudgery and even racing brings as much apprehension as joy. “The real feeling of enjoyment,” he said, “is getting across the finish line and finding out that you’ve done O. K. ”",0
3174,Polling Site Corruption Enraged New Yorkers [Update] · Guardian Liberty Voice,"Polling site corruption enraged voters on November 8, 2016, at 6:00 a.m. EDT, as several New Yorker’s stood in line awaiting their chance to partake in this year’s presidential election.
Brooklyn Located at 450 Pacific Street, at least 20 people were waiting for the doors of Public School 38, the Pacific School, for a half hour before leaving for work. Public School 9, Teunis G. Bergen, located at 80 Underhill experienced a 2-hour delay. Many New Yorkers were enraged with polling-site corruption, as they stood on long lines to no avail. Bronx Bronx County Supreme Courthouse, located at 851 Grand Concourse, could not adequately accommodate the voters with mobility impairments.
New York City CS 154 Harriet Tubman Learning Center, located at 250 West 127th Street, only had one of four working ballot scanners. This produced a 2-hour delay for voters. Yorkville Community School located at 412 E. 88th Street, only had one of six ballot scanners working, producing a 2-block line. New Yorkers throughout the city are enraged about the polling site corruption they have experienced. Update: NY Daily News
The Board of Elections has released that a mistake by an office clerk omitted 126,000 registered voters names from the list, in April. Written by Jhayla D. Walls
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
Pix11: Broken Machines, Vanishing Names Leave New Yorkers Waiting for Hours at Polling Stations
New York Times: Long Lines and Minor Glitches for Voters on a Peaceful Election Day
NY Daily News: NYC Voters Complain of Long Lines, Broken Scanners
Top and Featured Image Courtesy of Coventy City Council’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
First Inline Image Courtesy of Subfinitum’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    2016 Elections , New york , polling corruption , polling-site corruption",0
3175,Washington War Party Urges Obama to Go to War Against Assad & the Russians - Christoph Germann,"Washington War Party Urges Obama to Go to War Against Assad & the Russians 
Clinton fans call on Obama to “save Aleppo” as NATO-GCC-backed ‘rebels’ prepare new offensive Originally appeared at Newsbud 
On October 21, The Washington Post published a noteworthy op-ed titled “Bring Syria’s Assad and his backers to account now,” written by retired U.S. Marine General John Allen and self-proclaimed Syria expert Charles Lister. Allen is a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and serves on the board of advisors of The Washington Institute for Near East Policy (WINEP), an American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) cutout. The retired four-star general attracted a lot of attention earlier this year when he delivered a forceful endorsement of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton at the Democratic National Convention. 
Lister was formerly a visiting fellow at the Brookings Doha Center in Qatar and is now a senior fellow at the Washington, D.C.-based Middle East Institute, which describes itself as “an unbiased source of information and analysis” on the Middle East and partners with corporations such as Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, Chevron, ExxonMobil and Saudi Aramco. Lister has dismissed conflict of interest allegations by saying his contact with the Syrian opposition “had absolutely nothing to do with Qatar” and stressing that his “work on this is 100% funded by Western govts.”[1] 
Allen and Lister harshly criticize U.S. “inaction” in Syria in their October 21 op-ed, emphasizing that “the Assad clique and its backers must be brought to account before it is too late.” 
The authors’ case rests on the premise that U.S. policy in Syria has been characterized by inaction and “has never sought to decisively influence the tactical situation on the ground.”[2] 
Since the beginning of the conflict, advocates of greater U.S. military involvement have tried to promote the myth of “U.S. inaction in Syria.” 
Even after U.S. media disclosed the existence of a CIA weapons supply and training program in summer 2012, efforts to promote this myth continued unabated. 
In early 2013, about eight months after The Washington Post first reported that the United States is coordinating the flow of weapons to the so-called “Syrian rebels,”[3] the editorial board of The Washington Post warned of the “consequences of U.S. inaction in Syria,” accusing the Obama administration of not doing enough to support the “rebels.”[4] 
Neither The Washington Post nor any other major media outlet in the United States has been willing to publicize the true extent of U.S. covert operations in Syria, which started as early as April-May 2011.[5] 
From the very beginning, U.S. policy sought to decisively influence the tactical situation on the ground in favor of the foreign-backed anti-Assad opposition. But instead of exposing the U.S.-led war on Syria, the media has been feeding into the false narrative of “U.S. inaction in Syria.” 
Referring to this narrative, Allen and Lister call for accelerating and broadening the provision of lethal and nonlethal assistance to “vetted moderate opposition groups.”[6] 
The United States’ vetting process of militias plays a central role in all of Lister’s policy proposals.[7] What Lister fails to mention is that this vetting process consists of nothing more than trace searches in old databases and half-hearted interviews. U.S. Special Forces soldiers on the ground in Turkey and Jordan told SOFREP that many “rebels” had sympathies with terrorist groups but knew exactly how to sell themselves during such interviews.[8] 
As U.S. Special Forces soldiers on the ground voice their indignation over a mission that nobody believes in because they are just training the next generation of jihadis, Allen and Lister want to increase U.S. assistance to “vetted” groups in order to “save Aleppo,” which has become the focal point of the Syrian conflict: 
“For a start, the United States must save Aleppo. Damascus, Moscow and Tehran are razing the city to prepare for an eventual ground assault. As both the CIA and Pentagon have concluded, an opposition loss in Aleppo would severely undermine the United States’ counterterrorism objectives in Syria. The city’s symbolism and strategic value are unmatched, and allowing it to fall would dramatically empower extremist narratives. Groups linked to al-Qaeda would reap the rewards of our shortcomings.”[9] 
At the beginning of October, just hours after the U.S. suspended talks with Russia over Syria, The Washington Post reported that the CIA and the Joint Chiefs of Staff are pressuring President Obama to approve “kinetic actions” against Syrian government forces, arguing that an opposition loss in Aleppo “would undermine America’s counterterrorism goals in Syria.”[10] 
Given the fact that the opposition in “rebel-held” eastern Aleppo is led by Jabhat al-Nusra, this argument seems rather dubious.[11] Despite rebranding itself as “Jabhat Fatah al-Sham” and supposedly cutting its ties with al-Qaeda, the group is still considered a terrorist organization by the United States and the United Nations. Another group present in eastern Aleppo, Ahrar al-Sham, is also closely tied to al-Qaeda.[12] 
It is not exactly clear why “groups linked to al-Qaeda would reap the rewards” if groups linked to al-Qaeda are defeated in eastern Aleppo or why their defeat “would severely undermine the United States’ counterterrorism objectives in Syria.” 
If Allen and Lister want to stop empowering extremist narratives, they could start by revising their portrayal of the battle of Aleppo and the Syrian conflict in general. 
Nusra and its allies are not defending civilians in eastern Aleppo, as frequently claimed, but holding them hostage in order to maintain a foothold in the strategic city, which was invaded by “rebels” in summer 2012 after refusing to join the uprising. 
As soon as Syrian government forces and their allies first managed to encircle the “rebel-held” areas of Aleppo in July of this year, they announced the opening of humanitarian passages for civilians and surrendering fighters. According to the pro-opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR), only “around 12 people managed to use the Bustan al-Qasr corridor before rebel groups reinforced security measures and prevented families from approaching the corridors.”[13] 
Instead of telling the “rebel groups” in eastern Aleppo to stop holding civilians hostage, the United States and its allies supported a major offensive led and organized by al-Nusra to break the siege and “put some pressure back on Russia and Iran.” 
One Western diplomat tried to play down the outside support, saying: 
“The rebels’ problem has never been a lack of weapons. This was internally planned, and it succeeded not because of outside support but because Fatah al-Sham and the other jihadi groups are incredibly disciplined, with plenty of guys willing to blow themselves up at the front.”[14] 
Nusra, Ahrar al-Sham and other involved groups referred to the Aleppo offensive as the “Ibrahim al-Youssef battle,” a reference to the Syrian army officer who led the Aleppo Artillery School Massacre in the late 1970s. 
In June 1979, Ibrahim al-Youssef and members of a Muslim Brotherhood splinter group killed dozens of Alawite cadets after separating them from their Sunni colleagues. During the July-August Aleppo offensive, a spokesman for the Nusra-led forces said they would continue what Ibrahim al-Youssef had started and kill the Alawites.[15] 
Ibrahim al-Youssef’s son Yasser is a political representative for the U.S.-vetted “rebel group” Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zinki, which participates in the battle of Aleppo and lately joined the Nusra-led military alliance Jaish al-Fatah. Zinki is probably best known for beheading a child captive on camera. The group reportedly lost U.S. backing in August or September of last year and was in talks with the U.S. over the restoration of its support when the incriminating footage emerged.[16] 
Yasser al-Youssef has become the media’s go-to-guy for information about the “rebels” in and around Aleppo. After the Syrian government and its Russian allies recently announced a unilateral cease-fire to allow civilians and surrendering fighters once again to leave eastern Aleppo, Agence France-Presse (AFP) quoted Yasser al-Youssef as saying that opposition fighters wanted “nothing to do” with the Russian initiative and asking: “Who are they to decide to displace the Syrian people who rebelled against the dictator Assad?”[17] 
Meanwhile, the Associated Press (AP) quoted Zinki’s al-Youssef as saying that the opposition had agreed to the initiative to evacuate wounded and allow in aid. According to al-Youssef, the evacuations didn’t materialize because the Syrian government and Russia gave no assurances the wounded would not face arrest.[18] 
As both sides were blaming each other for the breakdown, Western journalists on the ground confirmed that “rebels” were firing on the checkpoints and exit corridors, making it extremely dangerous for anyone to leave eastern Aleppo.[19] 
When Allen and Lister say “the United States must save Aleppo,” they are not referring to the civilians in eastern Aleppo who are being held hostage by the “rebels” or to the civilians in western Aleppo who are being killed by indiscriminate “rebel” shelling. They are referring to al-Nusra, Ahrar al-Sham, Zinki and other “rebel groups” in eastern Aleppo. 
On the same day the Allen-Lister op-ed was published, Lister gleefully announced on Twitter that Ahrar al-Sham, Zinki and allied militias are preparing another offensive to break the siege of Aleppo. Nusra will of course join the fight, but “the impetus and most of the planning for this offensive largely excluded” the terrorist group, as the PR disaster during the July-August offensive is still fresh on everyone’s mind. “Regional states have provided substantial support to buttress the offensive,” according to Lister.[20] 
U.S. allies Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Qatar already provided substantial support to buttress the July-August Aleppo offensive – with the full blessing of the United States.[21] Washington’s primary objective was to put some pressure back on Russia and Iran, not to save civilians. As before, the new offensive is going to prompt an adequate response from Russia and its allies, thereby prolonging the suffering of civilians in Aleppo. 
With current U.S. policy leading nowhere, the Obama administration is divided over Syria. Whereas the hawks around CIA director John Brennan and Defense Secretary Ashton Carter want to escalate the conflict, President Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry are increasingly skeptical of such plans. 
Obama is reportedly not willing to approve plans to supply CIA-vetted militias with more powerful weapons. 
One senior U.S. official told The Washington Post that CIA-backed units are “not doing any better on the battlefield, they’re up against a more formidable adversary, and they’re increasingly dominated by extremists,” raising the question of whether the program can accomplish anything beyond adding to the carnage in Syria.[22] 
The Lister-approved vetting process is apparently not working. 
Moreover, the sceptics in the administration fear that the new weaponry could end up killing Russian military personnel and they want to avoid risking a confrontation with Russia. 
But not everyone shares this opinion. 
Due to his reluctance to escalate the conflict in Syria, Obama has alienated Washington’s foreign policy establishment, which favors more U.S. military action, including cruise missile strikes on Syrian government forces.[23] 
That is also a key point of the Allen-Lister plan. 
When The Washington Post first reported on U.S. plans to target Syrian government forces, Russian Defense Ministry spokesman Major-General Igor Konashenkov stressed that Russian troops were now widely deployed across Syria, implying that any such attack would run the risk of killing Russian soldiers.[24] 
Allen and Lister are of course aware of this risk. Explaining how to punish cease-fire violations by Syrian government forces with U.S. military action, they note in passing: 
“We should expect the possible intentional co-mingling of Syrian and Russian forces and assets as a deterrent. While this may complicate targeting strategies, we should not miss the opportunity to hit offending Syrian elements and units, while sustaining counter-Islamic State operations elsewhere.”[25] 
Neither Allen and Lister nor Washington’s foreign policy elite seem to mind risking a direct military confrontation with Russia. But President Obama and other sceptics in the administration don’t want to start World War III over Syria, as one senior administration official who is involved in Middle East policy emphasized: 
“You can’t pretend you can go to war against Assad and not go to war against the Russians.”[26] 
While the war party in Washington is waiting for Obama to leave office, Russia is preparing for a showdown in Syria with the largest surface deployment since the end of the Cold War.[27] 
As Allen and Lister point out, the war party “cannot wait for a new administration in Washington” because “events are moving too quickly.”[28] They may have lost Aleppo by the time Hillary Clinton takes office.[28] 
So Obama might have to deal with more “accidents,” such as the September 17 Deir Ezzor attack, during his last months as President of the United States. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire",0
3176,Half of ObamaCare Enrollees Avoid Doctors' Visits to Save Healthcare Costs,"Email 
A report by market research group GfK indicates that half of ObamaCare’s enrollees avoid visiting the doctor to save money, underscoring once more that despite the Obama administration’s claims that the healthcare law has helped to insure more Americans, it remains unaffordable and inefficient and fails to service the very Americans it has enrolled. 
The Washington Free Beacon reports that GfK conducted a study in which it asked ObamaCare enrollees which measures they’ve taken over the course of the past year to save money on healthcare costs. 
Thirty-six percent admitted to skipping doctors’ visits even when sick, while 22 percent stated that they’ve avoided preventative care visits. Twelve percent avoided lab testing, while another 12 percent said they even delayed surgery. “Exchange users with lower incomes (below $25,000 a year) are turning to urgent care facilities and ‘minute clinics’ in huge numbers; 27% have done so in the past year, compared to just 12% of the overall [Affordable Care Act] customer population,” the study says. 
“Visiting one of these outlets is often appealing to people who may have not formed lasting relationships with providers, especially as costs can be substantially lower,” the study said. 
But that was one of the many things that the healthcare law was supposed to fix — another broken promise, along with consumers being able to keep their doctors and health plans and actually being able to afford insurance. 
Twenty-four percent of ObamaCare enrollees in the GfK study stated that in an effort to save money, they purchased cheaper insurance plans on the market, which sadly also come with higher deductibles, deterring enrollees from actually using their health insurance. They simply selected plans to ward off the fine. 
It appears there will not be a reprieve for these consumers in the near future. With healthcare costs set to increase an average of 25 percent next year, one must assume that more people will be compelled to opt out of using the healthcare for which they pay. 
“Even before the news broke that the cost of mid-range health insurance from the Affordable Care Act exchanges will rise about 25%, millions of Obamacare customers were already skipping doctor visits to save money,” GfK’s study said. “With mid-level exchange premiums set to rise about 25%, more cutbacks in care seem likely.” 
And still, President Obama touts the Affordable Care Act as his signature achievement. This administration cares more about how many people have insurance than how many people can actually use their insurance, which is really the more important component. What good is having insurance when it is virtually unusable? 
In addition to the increased costs, consumers are left with limited options for their insurance plans, as the total number of HealthCare.gov insurers will drop from 232 to 167 in 2017, Fox News reports. What’s more, the co-ops that were created to keep prices competitive are struggling just as much as the healthcare insurers. Seventy-percent of the original co-ops have gone under. 
Earlier this year, President Obama told a crowd in Milwaukee that 20 million more Americans have health insurance “thanks to the law.” 
But according to Brian Blase, senior research fellow at the Mercatus Center, only those who receive subsidies are continuing to sign up for coverage in droves. Blase adds that many of those new enrollees are “gaming the new rules to enroll only when they need expensive medical services.” 
Unfortunately, enrollment in ObamaCare is concentrated among those low-income individuals who receive significant subsidies to reduce premiums. As noted by Fox News last week, five to seven million Americans with insurance are either ineligible for that same assistance, or purchase their policies outside of the marketplace, where subsidies are not available. 
Blase opines, “This year’s huge premium increases combined with much less choice of plans for Americans across the country demonstrate the law is wrecking the individual market for insurance and needs large scale revision.” 
Will that revision come after the presidential election? That remains to be seen. 
While Republican presidential contender Donald Trump announced that he would repeal ObamaCare and replace it with a health savings account program, Democrat Hillary Clinton has proposed increasing subsidies and making them available to more people, a solution that would greatly increase taxpayer costs. 
Sadly, none of the candidates have offered the best solution, which is for the federal government to adhere to its constitutional limitations and remove itself from the healthcare industry entirely. Government intrusion in healthcare is what has caused the very problems that led to calls for healthcare “reform” in the first place. True free market healthcare would be far better for all Americans, including those who have difficulty affording insurance under today's system. Under this constitutional system, customers would be able to work with their physicians directly and the marketplace would offer competitive pricing and plans. 
Only with true free market healthcare would consumers be able to afford both owning their health insurance plans, and also using them. What a novel concept. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
3177,"5 Strange Creature Sightings Ever Recorded In Russia, Brazil And Australia","5 Strange Creature Sightings Ever Recorded In Russia, Brazil And Australia # Waldon Volpiceli Alves 3 
This is the best ever compilation of real creature sightings captured on video. This is one scary video where we have caught real creatures footage on tape in Russia, Brazil and Australia. What youre about to see is a highlight clip and every creature hunting footage is real so beware some might find this paranormal footage too is a creature? Tags",0
3178,"His Grip Still Secure, Bashar al-Assad Smiles as Syria Burns - The New York Times","BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   On the day after his 51st birthday, Bashar   the president of Syria, took a victory lap through the dusty streets of a destroyed and empty rebel town that his forces had starved into submission. Smiling, with his shirt open at the collar, he led officials in dark suits past deserted shops and   buildings before telling a reporter that  —   despite a   announced by the United States and Russia  —   he was committed “to taking back all areas from the terrorists. ” When he says terrorists, he means all who oppose him. More than five years into the conflict that has shattered his country, displaced half its population and killed hundreds of thousands of people, Mr. Assad denies any responsibility for the destruction. Instead, he presents himself as a reasonable head of state and the sole unifier who can end the war and reconcile Syria’s people. That insistence, which he has clung to for years even as his forces hit civilians with gas attacks and barrel bombs, is a major impediment to sustaining a   let alone ending the war. The new   less than a week old, is already tenuous. On Saturday, the United States acknowledged carrying out an airstrike that killed Syrian government troops in eastern Syria. Attacks have resumed across the country, and aid meant for besieged residents of Aleppo, Syria’s largest city, is still stuck at the Turkish border. Mr. Assad has become a central paradox of the war: He is secure and kept in place by foreign backers as his country splinters, although few see the war ending and Syria being put back together as long as he stays. Although he remains a pariah to the West, and scores of militant groups continue to fight to oust him, even his opponents acknowledge that he has navigated his way out of the immediate threats to his rule, making the question of his fate an intractable dilemma. The rebels are unlikely to stop fighting as long as the man they blame for the majority of the war’s deaths remains. But fear of what might emerge if Mr. Assad is ousted has deterred many Syrians from joining the insurrection and may have helped prevent countries like the United States from acting more forcefully against him. The result has been a crushing stalemate. Mr. Assad’s standing as leader of Syria is diminished  —   and yet stable. “The problem is that he cannot win, and at the same time he is not losing,” said Samir Altaqi, the director of the Orient Research Center in Dubai. “But at the end of the day, what is left of Syria? He is still the leader, but he lost the state. ” Indeed, recent events give the impression that Mr. Assad has succeeded in muddling through, without being held accountable. August came and went with little mention of the anniversary of the chemical attacks by his forces that killed more than 1, 000 people in 2013. Turkey, a key backer of the rebels, dropped its demand that he leave power immediately, and the United States has stopped calling for his removal. And the day before Mr. Assad’s birthday on Sept. 11, for which his supporters created a fawning website, the United States and Russia announced a new   agreement with surprising benefits for Mr. Assad. Besides making no mention of his political future, the agreement brought together one of his greatest foes, the United States, with one of his greatest allies, Russia, to bomb the jihadists who threaten his rule. Years ago, few assumed that Mr. Assad would join the ranks of the world’s bloodiest dictators.   and educated as an ophthalmologist, he had not planned on a political career but was summoned from London by his father and predecessor, Hafez Assad, when the heir apparent, Bashar’s elder brother, Bassel, died in a car accident in 1994. After Bashar succeeded his father as president in 2000, many hoped he would reform the country. But those hopes dwindled, evaporating entirely with the start of the Arab Spring uprisings in 2011, when Mr. Assad sought to quell initially peaceful protests with overwhelming violence. The conflict escalated from there. Despite widespread opposition to his rule, a combination of factors has enabled Mr. Assad to persevere, analysts say. His foes have remained divided and have failed to convince many Syrians, especially religious minorities, that they would protect their rights or run the country better than Mr. Assad. As continuous battles have ground down his forces, Mr. Assad has been the beneficiary of significant military support from Iran, Russia and Lebanon’s Hezbollah  —   aid much more significant than what the United States and its allies have given the rebels. And the rise of jihadist organizations like the Islamic State and the   Nusra Front, recently renamed the Levant Conquest Front, have led many Syrians and some of Mr. Assad’s international opponents to conclude that he is the lesser evil. While he may be brutal to his people, the thinking goes, he does not directly threaten the West. His victory tour on Monday showcased the desolation of the town of Daraya, a longtime rebel stronghold whose remaining residents were bused out last month after an extended siege by government forces. In videos released by the Syrian government, Mr. Assad arrived in town driving his own car, a silver Hyundai fidgeted though a sermon praising him for protecting Syria and performed prayers for the Muslim Eid   holiday. Then, as martial music played, the camera jumped between images of the area’s destruction and scenes of Mr. Assad leading a determined entourage through town. A reporter stopped him for questions, and Mr. Assad spoke in soft tones about reconciliation and reconstruction. He mocked his foes as “rented revolutionaries,” a dig at their foreign backing, and laughed at his turn of phrase. His entourage got the cue and laughed as well. For many Syrians, the message was clear. “He is a man who wanted to show all Syrians that this would be their luck if they opposed him,” said Murhaf Jouejati, the chairman of the Day After organization, which aims to prepare Syrians for a democratic future. Malik Rifai, an antigovernment activist from Daraya now displaced to northern Syria, said he felt numb watching Mr. Assad walk the streets of his empty hometown, but shared a video of a flock of birds that had flown over as residents were leaving. He interpreted it as a sign that they would return, he said. “Those birds were a deep message from heaven, whereas Bashar’s presence was just a parade, showing the muscles of a weak person,” Mr. Rifai said in an online chat. Mr. Assad’s dark suits and calm tones have given him a public image more sophisticated than that of other Arab autocrats like Col. Muammar   of Libya and Saddam Hussein of Iraq, who often brandished weapons and gave thundering speeches, threatening their enemies. “He’s a different kind of bloodthirsty dictator, the kind who shops online on his iPad,” said Nadim Houry, who oversaw the work of Human Rights Watch on Syria for a decade. “He’s sort of Arab dictator 2. 0. ” Colonel Qaddafi and Mr. Hussein were both killed after foreign interventions aimed at removing them from power  —   a fate Mr. Assad appears to have escaped, even though the death toll on his watch has exceeded that of his more colorful colleagues. His perseverance has frustrated those who feel Mr. Assad should be held accountable. “The fact that many leaders are considering or willing to deal with him today as if he has not gassed his own people or tortured thousands to death is an indictment of the current policy environment across the world,” Mr. Houry said. “There is a level of cynicism, a lack of ambition. ” But analysts note many weaknesses in Mr. Assad’s position. After years of war, he holds less than half of Syria’s territory and his forces are depleted, making it hard for them to seize and hold new areas. Military aid from Iran and Hezbollah on the ground and from Russia in the skies has held off rebel advances, but they have also made him more dependent on foreign powers looking out for their own interests. Diplomats who track Syria say that while Iran remains committed to Mr. Assad, the Russians could negotiate him away if their interests were protected. And signs of Russian displeasure with Mr. Assad have occasionally surfaced. In June, Sergei K. Shoigu, the Russian defense minister, visited Syria apparently without informing Mr. Assad that he was coming  —   a major embarrassment for a president who speaks often of national sovereignty. “A pleasant surprise!” a beaming Mr. Assad said in a video of the meeting. “I did not know that you were coming in person. ” But Mr. Assad still has significant support in areas he controls, including among many Syrians who want the war to end and see no alternative to his rule. “If God gives him life, I see that he’ll be president until Syria comes back the way that it was,” said Bouchra   a Lebanese lawyer who meets regularly with Syrian officials and knows Mr. Assad. She dismissed the idea that the violence of Mr. Assad’s government would make Syrians reject him after the war. “People love their homeland,” she said. “All that hate and aggression will go away in the end. ”",0
3179,Love. Essence of Life.,"By Peter van Els, The Netherlands Many sometimes wonder, why are we here? What are we, as humans, doing here? What is the meaning of life? As a young boy (6 or 7), I sometimes cried myself to sleep,... ",0
3180,Clinton Emails: Use Arab Female Agitators To Shame Israel,Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!,0
3181,"Seattle Protesters Armed with Wooden Poles, Heavy Pipes, Shields - Breitbart","The Seattle Police Department has recovered “wooden poles, heavy pipes, and shields” from   protesters, amidst   and   protests taking place in the city. [The Seattle Police Department posted a photograph of several of the recovered items to their Facebook account on Friday evening. They were recovered from protesters in Westlake Park.  Unrest erupted in Seattle on Friday evening partially in response to the inauguration of President Donald Trump. Large crowds of protesters are also gathering at the University of Washington, where an event with Breitbart editor MILO is taking place. Anarchist protesters carried baseball bats and sharpened sticks with them before they were confiscated by law enforcement in the streets of Seattle. As a result of the chaos, MILO’s event has been postponed by 45 minutes.",0
3182,The circus of liars - America's three rings of evil clowns,"Wed, 26 Oct 2016 18:19 UTC © Jen Psaki President Obama holds news conference at the White House. As an American, someone raised to believe truth and justice will prevail, I am appalled at the foreign and domestic policies of my country's government. The level and scope of the deceit with which the Obama administration has laid out onto the world stage is embarrassing. For the first time in my 61 years I realize why some figures in our history were ashamed of being known as American. Our leaders have shamed us, done irreparable damage to our heritage and our legacy as a people, and still most of my countrymen sit idle. America today reminds me of a traveling circus, three rings of evil clowns entertaining a peanut gallery of onlookers. Or are we participant clowns? For over the better part of Barack Obama's presidency we've witnessed the most respected nation transformed, step-by-step, into one of the most dreaded empires the world has ever known. 300 million people, all their ancestors, and their future generations will pay the overwhelming cost of Obama's mistakes and malfeasance in office. While I do not personally believe this man is evil, I am sure the people behind him are. The lies, the impact, the unbelievable devastation these people have unwrapped, it spells the end of a perfect dream for humanity. I wonder as I type this, how many people reading it will realize how true my words are. John Kirby, the spokesperson for the US Department of State is a prototype for all that is wrong with our nation. He is a mirror reflection of Secretary of State John Kerry, who is in turn a further reflection of Barack Obama and the people who stand behind. They lie, cheat, steal, kill, maim, or at best coerce in order to achieve goals their constituency (the people) have no inkling of. All of us knew politicians have always been liars and crooked, but the degree to which we can be betrayed is unheard of today. This press conference on the alleged bombing of Aleppo hospitals by Russia, it is damning, damnable evidence of what I am saying. This is, of course, if one watches intently and then reasons. Compare what Kirby says, with what you have seen or read from the Wall Street Journal or the New York Times. Measure the tone and content of this unique message. Bear with me, and I'll help you convict these warmongers of their crimes. The Circus of Liars I must point out that Barack Obama has had more State Department spokespersons than any president in history. First there was Sean McCormack, from 2005 to 2009, a leftover from the Bush administration. After McCormack's tour of administration liar in chief, he joined Boeing in 2009 and serves as the as vice president of Communications in Government Operations. McCormack left the Obama administration to more or less help Hillary Clinton and the ""click"" extend the growth of companies like Boeing. This Washington Post piece (amazingly) condemns both Hillary Clinton and McCormack for their apparent collusion to morph policy into business with, guess who? Why Mother Russia, of course. Philip J. ""P.J."" Crowley made his ""deal with the devil"" from 2009 to 2011. The 2011-2012 recipient of the General Omar N. Bradley Chair in Strategic Leadership (? The Military ties to State) is a War College bred and reared pentagon puppet. The fact most recent State Department liars are former military begs the question; ""Why is our foreign policy institution lined with CIA, spooks, War College graduates and command grade military officers?"" Crowley is an interesting example of how our foreign service is infested with war hawks and military industrial minions. To Crowley's credit, his candidness in the wake of the mistreatment of whistleblower Chelsea Manning, and his subsequent resignation redeemed this old soldier by comparison to his colleagues. He is emblematic of a system that uses good soldiers in order to mislead the people, and to misdirect our policies toward the wrong goals. Crowley is pretty much off the radar now, but somehow still semi-loyal to the Obama-Clinton team. His tweets on Twitter hum the Democratic Party line. He's now a Fellow at The George Washington University Institute for Public Diplomacy, which means he's been let out to pasture. Next we come to Victoria Jane Nuland, the pin-up girl of soulless and reprehensible US bureaucrats. From my perspective, as someone who has covered the Ukraine civil war extensively, Nuland in Kiev reminds me of the worst parts of the rise of Nazi Germany. I cannot possibly be bombastic enough in characterizing this Hillary Clinton spawn. It is not my nature to be unkind, or less than a gentleman, but this woman is no lady. Her hacked conversation, with fellow psychopath, US Ambassador to Ukraine Geoffrey Pyatt, lives in infamy amidst volumes of horrid US intentions. ""Fuck the EU"", along with the clear regime change the Obama White House was behind, should have spelled resignation for this demonic Washington witch. She, and her colleague Pyatt, are complicit in the deaths of thousands of innocent men, women and children in the Donbass. Nuland, who most agree will be Hillary Clinton's Secretary of State should she reach office, is the most deadly psychopath the American people could possibly put in charge of our foreign service. For the Russians who still have to deal with her, I am sure 20 minutes looking at her is unbearable. This is America fiddling, while our reputation abroad burns. She is the queen of regime change, she and her husband children of the ideology America needs to forcefully alter world governments. This is the ""WOW"" persona, the caricature of disastrous Washington policy. Don't take my word, research Nuland starting here , and see where it leads. Jen Psaki lied so well, and stuck up her nose to the dissenting press so expertly, she graduated the US State Department right up to the White House. Those of us who winced at her nonchalant misrepresentation of facts, also understand she is part of the click that now inhabits the halls of power in Washington. Psaki is part of a country club that runs it all. If the Democrats win in November's presidential election, people like Psaki will become monsters, an empowered American politburo kin to the worst fascists in history. Psaki is the official cheerleader now, of a White House campaign to create a legacy for the worst president in American history. Catch her Twitter feed her, and figure out why in the world Barack Obama would want to be a Wired Magazine editor for a day. Despite her pallid and docile appearance, make no mistake, this Obama minion is as deadly as Nuland, maybe even more so. I recall Psaki launched a social media attack on Russia that was nearly universally ridiculed as ""hash tag diplimacy."" Her ""hot mic"" comment on her own points on Egypt at a press conference as being ""ridiculous"", they remind me of Obama being caught promising then Russian President Dmitry Medvedev he'd ""fix"" the ABM missiles issue if he won in 2012. What makes this spokesperson so dangerous is her forward enthusiasm, and her seeming happy-go-lucky satisfaction with being part of the biggest lie ever perpetrated. Lying is transfigured into truth, a job well worth doing. Good God. Finally we come to John Kirby, Naval War College trained mouthpiece for Emperor Caligula (look him up and compare to our presidents) and whichever Nero we elect next. A Public Affairs Officer (PAO) at the command level in the US Navy, he's what many former military people would refer to as a first class boot licker. I'm a squid myself, so I am familiar with the type. Kirby would climb a tree to tell a lie, if ordered to do so, and show righteousness in doing so. Kirby, Kerry, the whole Obama administration is utterly absurd. This recent press conference reveals just how out of bounds US policy is. Furthermore, Kirby's contention the Syrian war cannot end without airpower being grounded is likewise idiotic. The State Department's stance on Russia's hammering of jihadists only makes sense, if the overthrow of Assad and his legitimate government is a goal. John Kirby: Syrian War Won't End Without Grounding Aircraft - this is the headline that calls our attention to the fact Assad is about to wreck Washington's plan. Regime change has become such a common term now, that media consumers are immune to what it really means. Since the first Bush took office, since the fall of the Berlin Wall, more governments have been turned upside down than at any time since World War II. And the ""Kirbys"" of the world are accomplices to massive world chaos. Kirby's ""Russians in body bags"" threat has pushed the Kremlin's panic button now. We have descended into crisis policy, an all or nothing lunacy that can only end in war. Three Rings of Evil Clowns These people are all deplorable. But compared to the linchpins of war they speak for, each is insignificant by comparison. This message for instance, the New York Times headline ""U.S. Officials Say Russia Probably Attacked U.N. Humanitarian Convoy"", it did not originate with them. Our new ""probably"" dogma is a function of a failing freedom, the complete takeover of a free press by western oligarchs that make Russian mafia types seem impotent. Watching this evil circus reminds me of a twisted horror movie, a guttural glimpse at wicked clowns betraying the children they are supposed to love and entertain. The Soros and Rockefeller types, those Rotschilds and the Goldman Sachs sharks, Silicon Valley fakers and Wall Street urchins the Clintons take money off of, the whole mess in our nation's capital stinks to high heavens. Just how my countrymen stomach it leaves me breathless and clueless at times. America is taking part in a wider broadcast of the movie The Turman Show these days. Raised up to believe in freedom of the press and the merits of democracy, my countrymen have been conditioned to rely on their media, their leaders, and the seeming implausibility that one group can take over the world. Well, a group has taken over half of it, and with the proper time and funding, this can be proven. Since me or some other researcher has no such investigative grant, the case against these evil clowns goes untried. The Nation, Slate, Global Research, RT, and myriad independent media attempt to dissent. But trillions of dollars flow back and forth fueling the paranoiac message - Russia is the enemy again! The first ring of circus clowns wield more power than Xerxes, the Bilderbergs probably even believe their own cause - perpetuating the elite order is, after all, a noble genetic cause. In the second ring business types and the oh-so aggressive and ambitious, they will literally do anything to succeed. The Clintons, Bushs, and Obamas out there are the master puppets. Their mission is pretty clear, pay the devil his due and cash in. It's really as simple as all that. Today's Washington is a bit like Chicago during Capone's time. Once the ""Man"" has you, he's got you but good. La Cosa Nostra hasn't got anything on the numbers games along the Potomac. The little crime bosses, grown up from their internships and grant designations, they pepper every institution in America. As they graduate, God knows what goals the Kirbys of the world set out to achieve. In the wider center ring, it's easy to see the Clinton Foundation workers really do drink Bill and Hillary's Kool Aid. Mind washed into believing in the ultimate bullshit, naïve middle intellectuals become squirming opportunists, oblivious to the fact they sold out. The ""Man"" has got them, and early on. Meanwhile, the whole mess is cloaked in the guise of democracy, and hidden underneath people's fear they'll be called conspiracy theorists. George Orwell's 1984 seems to have been written to exclude the possibility complete control could be achieved. But isn't that how complete control is ultimately achieved? Above the center ring, high up on the flying trapeze liberty defies death. The people are doing a high wire act without a net. We are the third ring of clowns, only we are hesitant to see our role as sellouts too. America is life under the big top, with our favorite pop stars handing out peanuts. I don't know how you feel about it, but I feel utterly betrayed.",0
3183,Everyone to blame for twats like Trump ‘except the people who vote for them’,"Everyone to blame for twats like Trump 'except the people who vote for them' 13-11-16 
PEOPLE who disagree with Donald Trump and Nigel Farage are responsible for their success rather than the gullible idiots who vote for them, the media have decided. 
Commentators believe Trump’s victory and Brexit could have been avoided if everyone stopped having reasonable views and agreed with mad, barely coherent grievances. 
Guardian columnist Donna Sheridan said: “If tolerant people had listened to mental Trump supporters they wouldn’t have voted for him due to some magical process I can’t explain. 
“It’s the same with Brexit. We should have been saying, ‘There there, it’s not your fault you have to be racist because you haven’t got an amazing job and the Polish shop makes you angry.’ 
“Liberals like me may as well have marched Trump and Brexit supporters to the polling station and made them vote with a gun at the their head, but obviously we’d never do that because we’re too nice.” 
Political pundit Tom Booker said: “We need to listen to ordinary people, even if it’s hard to work out what their point is except that all politicians are basically criminals and we won the war.” 
Share:",0
3184,Top French Right-Winger Left Unconscious After Campaign Clash,"PARIS (AFP)  —   A top candidate for France’s   Republicans, Nathalie   was left unconscious Thursday after a clash with a protestor while out campaigning for this weekend’s legislative elections in Paris.[  widely known by her initials NKM, was insulted by a man while visiting a market in central Paris and then lost her balance when he tried to throw her campaign leaflets in her face, an AFP journalist at the scene said.  After falling, she blacked out for several minutes possibly after hitting her head, before being revived by emergency services. Her aggressor, a   man in a shirt and chinos, left the scene immediately. NKM, 44, is campaigning ahead of the second round of France’s parliamentary election this Sunday. The former minister and spokeswoman under   Nicolas Sarkozy faces a battle to win a seat in her central Paris constituency against Gilles Le Gendre from the Republic on the Move party of President Emmanuel Macron.",0
3185,Bucknell Faculty Dismiss Academic Freedom of Expression Bill - Breitbart,"Bucknell University faculty dismissed a proposal to adopt an academic freedom of expression statement at a faculty meeting that took place on Tuesday. [On Tuesday, five Bucknell faculty members proposed a bill to adopt a modified version of the popular University of Chicago Freedom of Expression statement that protects faculty and student’s right to freedom of expression. Similar statements have already been adopted at several prestigious American universities such as Princeton, Columbia, Johns Hopkins, and Vanderbilt.  In a vote, the Bucknell faculty outright rejected a motion that proposed a review of the university’s current policies regarding academic freedom. A second motion, which would have adopted a modified version of the Chicago Freedom of Expression statement, was “tabled” by a faculty vote, after a professor allegedly expressed concern that a rejection of the proposal would lead to “propaganda media” reporting that the Bucknell faculty is against freedom of expression. Another faculty member from the physics department allegedly expressed concern that establishing a commitment to academic freedom would run the risk of a Young Earth Creationist taking his classroom discussion hostage. The statement would have affirmed the university’s commitment to free and open inquiry, and protected all members of the Bucknell community in their right to express themselves, no matter how controversial their opinions. The bill would have also restricted the university’s ability to shield students from controversial perspectives. The faculty affirms that as an institution of higher education, the University should be committed to free and open inquiry in all matters, guaranteeing all members of the University community the broadest possible latitude to speak, write, listen, challenge, and learn. The University should fully respect and support the freedom of all members of the University community to discuss any problem that presents itself. Of course, the ideas of different members of the University community will often and quite naturally conflict. But it should not be the proper role of the University to attempt to shield individuals from ideas and opinions they find unwelcome, disagreeable, or even deeply offensive. Although the University should greatly value civility, and although all members of the University community should share in the responsibility for maintaining a climate ofmutual respect, concerns about civility and mutual respect should not be used as a justification for closing offdiscussion of ideas, however offensive or disagreeable those ideas may be to some members of our community. Speaking to Breitbart News, Bucknell alumnus and Political Science Professor Chris Ellis, who was one of the five sponsors of the academic freedom bill, expressed his concerns over what he considered to be the faculty’s lack of willingness to seriously consider the proposal. “We are deciding what we are as a university. We should be able to engage in the same critical thinking processes that we claim to ask of our students,” he said. “I think it is important for universities to debate and ultimately articulate what their values are when it comes to free expression and intellectual inquiry when balanced against other aims of our university like inclusivity, and the fact that we didn’t have that debate is troubling to me,” he added. “I think it’s fundamentally important for universities to understand where they fit in the current political environment and at least in general terms express what sorts of intellectual and political debates are legitimate in the sphere of the university. ” Ellis added that there are consequences to such ideological insulation: those who hold the dominant perspective grow less accepting of alternative viewpoints. “Most political science research shows that when one political perspective takes over a space, what happens is that discourse becomes more extreme, two it becomes less accepting of viewpoints that challenge the dominant view, and three, discourse becomes less grounded in logical and reasoned arguments, and we begin to start from assumptions that certain positions are correct. We start to question if we should let anyone let question the dominant view. ” “This happens outside of academia as well,” Ellis added. “Anytime a   group takes control of a specific sphere, what happens is discourse becomes more extreme and less rational and less accepting of alternative points of view. We just happen to see it manifest itself in the American academy. Social psychologists have been suggesting this for many years. ” Breitbart News has reported on many instances of   and political correctness at Bucknell University. Frequent Fox News guest and Bucknell alumnus Michael Malice expressed on a Breitbart podcast that “going to Bucknell was the worst decision of his life,” claiming that students and faculty rarely engaged with ideas that conflicted with their own during his time at the university. Former Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos faced unusual restrictions on an event at Bucknell University that took place in February 2016. Administrators refused to allow students to engage with Yiannopoulos directly, instead choosing to force them to write their questions on an index card, which were read by a moderator. He was not allowed to stay in the school’s   residence for guest speakers and was escorted   by university security immediately following the conclusion of his event before he would have been able to speak with students who wished to engage with him. In early 2017, Bucknell Professor Marcellus Andrews called for students to engage in acts of retribution against members of the Bucknell conservative and libertarian political clubs, who he called “racists and fascists,” for their decision to associate with Yiannopoulos. Administrators refused to even call Andrews’ conduct “inappropriate” after repeated inquiries. Despite these absurdities, the Bucknell community often welcomes the presence of radical and even violent   ideology. Controversial Christian minister and Black Lives Matter activist Nyle Fort, who has argued that “under conditions of white supremacist terror, revolutionary violence can be an expression of Christian love,” has visited campus twice since January 2016. Bucknell students are often assigned controversial texts, such as George Sorel’s “Reflections on Violence,” a book which argues that violence can save the world from barbarism and that violence used for the purpose of moving towards a classless society in the   tradition is not unethical. Tuesday’s meeting agenda can be read in its entirety below: April 2017 Faculty Meeting Agenda by Tommy John on Scribd,   Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
3186,Aging Japanese Women Find a Resigned Solace in South Korea - The New York Times,"GYEONGJU, South Korea  —   She spends hours a day watching the Japanese broadcaster NHK. Her bedside table is stacked with Japanese magazines and figurines in kimonos. The walls bear pictures of Mount Fuji. Shizue Katsura, 96, is among 19 Japanese women who are spending their final days in an unlikely place: a nursing home in South Korea, where lingering   sentiment has helped keep the women in obscurity. “There is no use looking back on my life,” Ms. Katsura said. “Home is where you are living. Japan is a foreign country to me. ” Thousands of Japanese women like Ms. Katsura married Korean men during Japan’s colonial rule, which lasted from 1910 to 1945. When World War II ended and Korea was liberated, many stayed with their husbands in Korea, while others fled back to Japan, fearing violence from those looking to avenge the brutal colonial rule. Or, as in Ms. Katsura’s case, they followed their husbands from Japan to Korea. Once in Korea, these women often discovered that their husbands’ families had found them Korean spouses in their absence. Many also lost their husbands during the Korean War, which lasted from 1950 until 1953. By the time many tried to return to Japan, it was too late. Japan and South Korea did not   ties until 1965, and, even then, some of the women had no relatives to sponsor their return and resettlement. Emotions run high when South Koreans talk about their country’s historical disputes with Japan, especially the enslavement of Korean “comfort women” in   brothels for Japan’s Imperial Army during World War II. But society has paid little attention to these Japanese women, some of whom were abandoned by their families in both countries and had to live with neither a Korean nor a Japanese passport. “When they arrive here, they all have   Korean names,” said Song   the head of the nursing home, Nazarewon, which takes its name from the biblical Nazareth. “One of the first things we do is to call them by their Japanese names. When this happens, they are in tears, as if they are getting their life, their identity, back. “Once we give their real names back, it’s amazing how quickly they regain their Japaneseness, the decorum, the way they fold their hands before them when they greet others,” Ms. Song said. While sitting in a wheelchair, Ms. Katsura perked up when telling a visitor how she met a “kindly” Korean man more than seven decades earlier, when they worked in a power station in her hometown, Ebetsu, near Sapporo in northern Japan. But she became taciturn when asked about her life in South Korea. Her husband died of alcoholism decades earlier, she said. She once raised tobacco and livestock in southwestern South Korea, and then sold vegetables in the capital, Seoul, before failing health forced her to move into the nursing home nine years ago. “My son, he died early,” she said, declining to elaborate. A South Korean philanthropist named Kim   was operating orphanages in Gyeongju in southeastern South Korea when he traveled to Japan and saw what looked like Korean women protesting in front of the Japanese emperor’s palace. They turned out to be Japanese women with South Korean passports demanding that Japan help them regain their citizenship and return home. Mr. Kim opened Nazarewon in 1972 as a way station for these women, providing them with lodging, as well as legal and financial aid. A total of 147 returned home through Nazarewon, the last one in 1984. Nazarewon has since become a nursing home for women who either could not or did not want to return to Japan and had no family support. After 70 years in South Korea, some women preferred living here to ending up at a nursing home in Japan. “They like umeboshi,” Ms. Song said, referring to the ubiquitous Japanese dish of pickled plums. “But they can do without it, but not without the Korean kimchi. ” More than 80 women have died at Nazarewon during the past 35 years. The average age of the 19 current residents is 92. Many suffer from Alzheimer’s disease and were not available for interviews. The nursing home’s existence rankles some South Koreans. “I still get angry calls, asking: ‘What do you think you are doing? Don’t you know what the Japanese did to our comfort women? ’” Ms. Song said. “I hope what we do here will, in its small and silent way, help heal the ties between the two nations. ” Chiyo Yagi, 90, said she was a nurse in the Fukuoka prefecture in southern Japan when she fell in love with a Korean translator who would bring injured Korean workers from the nearby Lizuka coal mines to her hospital. When they were married, her father did not attend the wedding. Ms. Yagi, too, did not like to talk about her life in South Korea, though her callused and crooked fingers appeared to reflect a life of menial labor. “Korea is a better place for me to live because I at least have a daughter here,” she said. “My daughter comes to see me once a year. ” Japanese journalists have visited Nazarewon since a book about the women there was published in Japan in the early 1980s. A church in Japan and the Japanese Embassy in Seoul have provided aid to help Ms. Song operate the nursing home. Japanese tourists who visit this city, the seat of the ancient Silla kingdom and home to numerous Buddhist temples and pagodas, often stop at the nursing home. But their numbers have declined sharply in recent years, as relations between South Korea and Japan have cooled over a territorial dispute and the issue of the comfort women. On a recent afternoon, Nazarewon was shrouded in silence. Women sat motionlessly in wheelchairs, gazing at NHK on a large screen. A few played a card game, counting their scores in Japanese but otherwise speaking Korean. Azaleas blossomed in the front yard. “I don’t know anything about politics,” said Ms. Katsura, who declined to discuss   relations. “What I do know is that if you do well to others, they will do well to you, too. That’s true between people, between nations. ”",0
3187,Little Boy Humiliates Himself With What Sick Liberal Mom Made Him Wear,"Little Boy Humiliates Himself With What Sick Liberal Mom Made Him Wear Posted on October 31, 2016 by Amanda Shea in Politics Share This @DebbersGar (left), the woman’s son in humiliating attire (right) 
While all of the other children are showing up to class today dressed as their favorite cartoon characters or superheroes of some kind, an ultra-liberal mother used her son to make a sick statement instead. Too young to understand agendas, the little boy humiliated himself in front of his class, which he will have to live with the rest of the school year. 
School administrators have a responsibility to report it when they feel something is wrong at home, which some would think is probably the case with this boy based on what this twisted woman dressed him as. Instead of being given the choice to be whatever he wants, his seemingly controlling mother convinced him to don what she thought was a pretty cool costume without thinking about the emotional damage it could do to her child. 
The liberal mother, who goes by @DebbersGar Â online, was proud that she got her son to dress up as her hero, Hillary Clinton, when she posted his photo online with the description, “Our 8-year-old son is with you @Hillary Clinton, today and every day.” Adding to the realistic nature of the female costume, she grew her boy’s hair out so it could be styled in Hillary’s signature winged bouffant. She completed the androgynous costume with a pantsuit, Hillary campaign pin, and slogan briefcase, then topped it off with a pair of pearlescent girl shoes. The 8-year-old boy dressed as Hillary Clinton in his mother’s post 
While the look is atrocious regardless of gender and has no place in a second-grade classroom, the fact that she more or less forced her son to dress as a woman makes it worse â but it’s par for the course with gender-bending liberals. 
While she made her political point and was clearly proud of it, her son likely sat alone at lunch and played by himself at recess in his yellow woman’s pantsuit, but she’ll blame other people’s “bad” parenting for raising kids who treated her son this way.",0
3188,"Chris Brown, Lil Wayne Named in Federal Drug Investigation","Singer Chris Brown and rapper Lil Wayne have reportedly been named in a federal investigation for their alleged connection to an accused drug dealer. [Authorities revealed last week in Miami federal court an ongoing investigation into a possible $15, 000 drug deal between suspected drug dealer Harrison Garcia and Brown. Garcia, a    music producer, reportedly confessed last October to selling Lil Wayne  —   real name Dwayne Michael Carter  —   “a lot of narcotics,” the Miami Herald reports.  Garcia reportedly boasted on social media about selling marijuana, “lean,” (Promethazine mixed with Codeine cough syrup) and Xanax, to the   superstars. The Miami Herald reports: Then jurors got to see evidence of Lil Wayne  —   whose real name is Dwayne Michael Carter  —   and Brown’s involvement in the form of text messages seized from Garcia’s phones. The messages appeared to show Garcia directing his “ ” to deliver drugs to Lil Wayne and his crew. “I’ll shoot u some trees,” one message read, a reference to marijuana. “It’s for Wayne,” Garcia allegedly responded via text. The text message about Brown was more explicit. Garcia sent a bragging text message to a woman of a screen shot of the $15, 000 bank deposit from “Christopher Brown” into his account. “Look who put money my account,” Garcia wrote. The woman responded: “What that for LOL” Garcia replied with several smiley face emojis: “Drugs   …     lean and shit. ” Investigators presented the court with dozens of pieces of evidence, some seized from one of Garcia’s homes, as proof of his close connection to Brown and the material benefits of their lavish lifestyle. Federal lawyers showed photos from Garcia’s Instagram account  —   user name muhammad_a_lean  —   that show he and Brown   across the globe. Garcia’s lawyers, Gustavo Lage and Percy Martinez, argued that their client is not a drug dealer and that he simply leveraged his friendship with the Grammy   artists to boost his own industry profile. A jury verdict is expected Monday on the five federal charges Garcia is accused of. If convicted, he could receive up to life in prison.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
3189,Liberty Links 10/29/16,"Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.",0
3190,"With Connecticut Foundations Crumbling, ‘Your Home Is Now Worthless’ - The New York Times","STAFFORD SPRINGS, Conn.  —   Sandra Miller was at work in January when her daughter called from their home here on Oakridge Drive with alarming news. The house was making loud noises, as if someone had jumped off the counter and landed with a bang. For seconds afterward, the house shook. A while later, it happened again, and again. Over the next several hours, terrifying bangs rattled the house. The next morning, Ms. Miller called Bill Neal, a structural engineer, who delivered the same stunning assessment to her that he has now told hundreds of homeowners: The concrete foundation was crumbling and, as a result, her house was gradually collapsing. Across nearly 20 towns in northeastern Connecticut, a   disaster is unfolding, as local officials and homeowners wrestle with an extraordinary phenomenon. Hundreds, possibly thousands, of home foundations that have been poured since the 1980s are cracking, with fissures so large you can slip a hand inside. “This is such an emotional roller coaster,” said Tim Heim, a homeowner who started the group Connecticut Coalition Against Crumbling Basements. “You can’t eat, you can’t sleep. When you’re told your home is now worthless and your biggest investment is now worthless, it’s devastating. ” The scope of the problem is so vast that state officials have begun an investigation, and they recently announced that the crumbling foundations had been traced to a quarry business and a related concrete maker, which have agreed to stop selling their products for residential use. The stone aggregate used in the concrete mixture has high levels of pyrrhotite, an iron sulfide mineral that can react with oxygen and water to cause swelling and cracking. Over the past 30 years, the quarry has provided concrete for as many as 20, 000 houses. As officials continue their investigation, the cascade of crumbling foundations poses a thicket of legal, emotional and financial issues and has prompted the state to create an official web page dedicated to the problem. Connecticut is also seeking help from the Federal Emergency Management Agency. “It’s the psychological toll of the uncertainty,” said Jonathan A. Harris, the commissioner of the State Consumer Protection Department. Beyond the financial hit, Mr. Harris said, a person’s home is “where their kids were born and grandchildren play. ” “There’s an intangible side to this that’s horrible,” he continued. Insurers have generally refused to pay for repairs, strictly defining the coverage of collapse by inserting the word “abrupt” in policy language. Repairing the homes requires replacing the entire foundation at costs that typically range from $100, 000 to over $200, 000. So far, 223 residents have filed formal complaints about crumbling foundations with the department, but officials believe many homeowners may be reluctant to contact the state, fearing problems from their banks and insurers. Because the affected swath of the state is home mostly to   and   families, many face financial ruin since their homes represent the biggest part of their nest egg. Ms. Miller, whose insurance company has provided no financial assistance, rented a nearby condominium after she was told that her family was no longer safe in their home. But Ms. Miller said she could not pay both the monthly rent and the mortgage. Paying out of pocket to replace her home’s foundation, she said, is well beyond reach. “I don’t know too many people that have $170, 000 in their wallet,” she said. “And that’s what it’s going to cost to fix my home. ” Mr. Neal, the structural engineer, has inspected hundreds of houses. In nearly all, he found concrete walls with distinctive crack patterns that resemble a road map with lines and fissures snaking in all directions  —   much different than the vertical cracks typically seen in foundations as they settle. After hearing from tearful, angry residents at packed public meetings, state officials stepped in. In October, the state’s Insurance Department warned insurers not to cancel policies because of a foundation’s condition. Since insurers are denying claims, that warning may not help with the concrete problem, officials say, but it should at least prevent homeowners from losing insurance protection all together. Last month, the Connecticut General Assembly passed a bill that would, among other things, allow homeowners with failing foundations to request a reassessment of their property values and require contractors to record the supplier of concrete for residential foundations. Gov. Dannel P. Malloy, a Democrat, signed the bill into law last week. Another measure that sought to ease victims’ financial losses was less successful. State Senator Tony Guglielmo, a Republican, had proposed a $50 million bond to help homeowners. But Democrats in the State House rejected it, arguing such a measure should wait until the full extent of the problem was better understood. “I’m not a   guy, by any stretch, but there are some problems where you need government intervention because of the magnitude,” Mr. Guglielmo said. “We’ve had meetings where there were 500 people, and it’s been very emotional. ’’ After an investigation by the NBC station WVIT, the governor directed the Consumer Protection Department and the attorney general to investigate possible wrongdoing and to determine the scope of the problem and what, if any, assistance was available for homeowners. While the state has traced the affected concrete to the quarry business, Becker Construction Company, which operates in Willington, officials have not ruled out other factors. One riddle is the absence of official reports of failing concrete in public or commercial projects that used material from the same quarry, and a concrete maker, the Joseph J. Mottes Company. John Patton, a spokesman for both companies, has attributed the crumbling foundations to improper installation, specifically the tendency of some contractors to add water to wet concrete to make it pour faster. That was especially true, he said, during a building boom in the 1980s. By law, Mr. Patton noted, inspectors are on site during commercial and public jobs, ensuring that concrete is mixed and installed properly. “We also know that during the time frame in question, other ready mix providers in the area used the same aggregate from the same source,” he said. Stephan Lackman, a former Mottes employee, said the Becker family, which owns both Mottes and Becker, started using material from the Willington quarry after its gravel supply was depleted during the 1980s. Mr. Patton acknowledged that Mottes first began using aggregate from the quarry in the 1980s, but said the company’s original gravel supply was in use until 2014. The mineral has been identified as a culprit in disintegrating foundations elsewhere. In April, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada repeated a pledge to allot $30 million in aid to homeowners in the province of Quebec whose foundations were failing. “I saw with my very own eyes the difficult situation in which too many families live because of pyrrhotite,” Mr. Trudeau told reporters. As officials seek answers in Connecticut, homeowners are looking for someone to hold accountable. A   lawsuit filed in February accuses insurers of a “concerted scheme” to deny coverage. And some residents are angry that it has taken the state so long to address the problem. Mike Halloran, a plaintiff in the lawsuit, said some of his   neighbors and acquaintances also had cracking foundations. “Ken the plumber,” Mr. Halloran, a hospital mechanic, said. “A nurse in the O. R. A guy my wife works out with at the gym has it. ” Mr. Heim, the homeowner who started the coalition, faulted state officials for ignoring warnings from a number of homeowners with the problem in the early 2000s. In 2003, a meeting was held in Hartford among lawmakers, homeowners and representatives of the attorney general’s office and Consumer Protection Department. Nothing came of it. “They had the power to stop this problem,” Mr. Heim said, “and they chose not to. ” It was only after the report by WVIT last summer that politicians at the state level took action, homeowners said. Fifteen years ago, Linda J. and Robert Tofolowsky filed a formal complaint with the Consumer Protection Department against Mottes. It detailed the cracks that had formed in the foundation of their home here during the  . The couple said several other homeowners had similar problems with concrete supplied by Mottes. The couple sued the company in 1995 and lost. But before the resolution of the lawsuit, Mrs. Tofolowsky, in a handwritten note attached to the 2001 complaint, warned of the calamity to come. “It has been six years since we filed against J. J. Mottes,” she wrote. “But I am not waiting for the court to make a decision, since we have found these seven other homes with failed foundations. I need to let the public know about this company, J. J. Mottes. So that maybe someone else will not lose their biggest investment, their home. ”",0
3191,Trump Faces the Limits of American Power - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump, inspired by TV images of faraway suffering to launch missile strikes against Syria, may be about to discover a lesson that has confounded presidents for 25 years: American power can only do so much. That truth is also embedded in another set of disturbing images that Mr. Trump has not cited publicly: those from Nigeria’s   northeast, where a very different crisis is drawing different American action toward different ends. Those two conflicts, in both their contrasts and commonalities, reveal something of the role that Mr. Trump has taken on and its limitation. Both are humanitarian disasters whose   stories horrify and enrage. And they are both crises of a sort that the United States, since emerging from the Cold War as the world’s policeman, has repeatedly tried but often failed to resolve. The range of American intervention efforts, as well as their often modest success, can be seen in those two crises that Mr. Trump inherited: Syria, whose civil war has become a global issue, and Nigeria, where fighting with Boko Haram rebels has killed tens of thousands and displaced an estimated three million people. The two wars could hardly be more different, as are the American responses. Yet they may still share the fundamental dynamics that make   crises so resistant to outside resolution. In Syria, the United States has sought to either mediate between the warring parties or tip the military balance through force, whether by the Obama administration’s efforts to arm certain rebels or Mr. Trump’s missile strikes. The scope of the United States’ involvement has been extensive and highly visible. In Nigeria, American action appears more modest. There, the United States is emphasizing political tools, pressuring the government to improve practices in the affected parts of the country and supporting any reforms. It has helped to coordinate a multinational force from surrounding countries. It is also providing military advisers, intelligence and other forms of military support, which Mr. Trump this week extended in the form of warplane sales, but nothing comparable to action in Syria. The difference between the two approaches is partly explained by the scale of the suffering, which is more severe in Syria, and perhaps by an even wider gap in attention received. It is also explained by Syria’s wider geopolitical stakes  —   its conflict touches on the European refugee crisis, Russia’s resurgence, global terrorism and Middle Eastern power struggles  —   whereas Nigeria’s is contained to a region that is less central to American interests. But the difference is also caused by the contrasting nature of the crises. Syria’s problem is seen, in part, as a deadlocked military imbalance that American force is meant to overturn. Nigeria’s problems are driven more by crises in governing. Boko Haram has exploited, and been fueled by,   political tensions and grievances within Nigerian society, including neglect by the central government and abuse by its soldiers. American policy is aimed at helping Nigeria address the underlying issues that helped give rise to the insurgency, pushing for reforms to roll back corruption and military abuses. Because the goal is restoring government control and local faith in it, military power plays a smaller role in American strategy. Still, Americans sometimes see the degree of military intervention as a function of political will  —   if the president cared, he would intervene. This reveals a deeper assumption: that American power can solve any crisis, but only if it is sufficiently and correctly applied. But while the United States has exerted far more effort in Syria than in Nigeria, and has used different tools, the outcomes have been similar to what it often finds in such efforts: disappointment. The conflicts in Syria and Nigeria, in their breadth of difference, reveal the common factors that make   humanitarian crises so hard to solve: simultaneous breakdowns in governing and in the social contract by which a population agrees to exist in harmony. Once these have collapsed, segments of society, whether divided by demographic tribe or political affiliation, come to see one another as locked in a   contest for survival and control. The result is chaos, a   cycle of violence with entire communities caught in the middle. Syria and Nigeria also illustrate a common American response: intervention, military or otherwise, to resolve the underlying political breakdown that compels the fighting. Since the early 1990s, when the United States took on the mantle of global leadership, it has acted in Somalia, in Afghanistan, in two different parts of Sudan, in the Democratic Republic of Congo, in Liberia and Sierra Leone’s overlapping conflicts, in East Timor and twice in the former Yugoslavia. It has tried diplomacy and foreign aid, imposed political reforms and peacekeepers, launched cruise missiles and outright occupations. Sometimes the variance in policy was because of differing temperaments or worldviews of key American officials, or the amount of attention those crises received on TV, but the outcomes were consistently modest. The relatively few breakthroughs offer hints as to why other efforts have faltered. Successful interventions have often come in one of two forms: resolving a conflict between two states, or nudging local dynamics that were already aligning around peace. The United States helped, for instance, halt the wars between the nations once united as Yugoslavia. Because the problem was one of   forces, outside intervention could push them back. This rarely applies, though, in an era when interstate conflict is rare and most wars come from political breakdowns that do not fall along neat borders. Where outside intervention has succeeded in such crises, it has typically been not by changing those dynamics from the outside, but by capitalizing on major shifts toward peace that arose from within. In East Timor, which Indonesia claimed as its territory, years of diplomacy and political pressure faltered until Indonesia’s economy collapsed and its   president was replaced by a reformer. The breakthrough, as is almost always the case, had come from the conflict’s participants, whose calculus was driven largely by local factors and not the threat or promise of outside action. George J. Mitchell, the former senator who led Northern Ireland peace talks, frequently emphasized this. In a 1999 address, he said, “Peace and political stability cannot be achieved in sharply divided societies unless there is a genuine willingness to understand the other point of view and to enter into principled compromise. ” That can be a difficult message for Americans accustomed to seeing themselves as deciders of major global issues. The United States assumes this leadership in part because it is the guarantor of the international order and the power of last resort, leading the world to look to American involvement. Jeremy Shapiro, the research director of the European Council on Foreign Relations, has argued that the United States is also driven by what he calls “the American omnipotence problem. ” A string of military victories in the early 1990s, Mr. Shapiro told The New York Times in October, established an assumption “that any problem in the world is basically solvable by American power if there is sufficient political will. ” As a result, when a crisis emerges, and Americans are confronted with images like those Mr. Trump saw from Syria, the question raised is often not whether the United States is capable of imposing a solution, but why it hasn’t. The United States has long tried to impose such shifts from the outside. If success were primarily a matter of American will or commitment, it would have come in   Baghdad. The United States, responsible for a crisis largely of its making and driven by a president whose legacy hung in the balance, committed the full force of its might and diplomacy to resolving the city’s sectarian bloodletting. It imposed    order through blast walls, patrols and checkpoints. It held   peace talks and local neighborhood meetings. It won relative calm, but even proponents said this served only to create space for Iraqis to resolve the deeper issues that divided them, which many tried to do. Once American troops drew down, it became clear that outside force could restore order to a neighborhood. But it could not resolve the social and political breakdowns that had made it dangerous in the first place, and would do so again once the vacuum reopened. Syria and Nigeria, in their own ways, carry this same dilemma. American policy options are aimed at alleviating the suffering and violence that are symptoms of deeper problems. But resolution can come only when the war’s participants once again see peaceful coexistence as worth the compromises and risks  —   a task harder than any American mission.",0
3192,"College Republicans, Once ‘the Best Party on Campus,’ Endure Taunts Over Trump - The New York Times","To grab the attention of freshmen at the student club fair this month, the College Republicans of George Washington University unfurled a red banner and set out beer cozies and lime green   cups sent by the College Republican National Committee, which bills itself as “the best party on campus. ” Then came the issue of decorating. “We should put the Trump posters out,” said Demri Scott, the group’s    membership director. Christian Miller, the club’s political affairs director, disagreed. “That’s the best way to, A, get us heckled a lot and, B, get no one to sign up,” he said. The Trump posters stayed in the box. For decades, College Republicans have drawn ridicule from  —   and defined themselves against  —   the more liberal masses on college campuses. But this year has been especially nightmarish for C. R. s, as they call themselves. The nomination of Donald J. Trump, who has attacked their conservative heroes and esteemed alumni, has prompted widespread mockery from their liberal classmates, dissension from within and something of an identity crisis. While some College Republican leaders profess an appreciation for the   voters that Mr. Trump has awakened, many in the preppy Vineyard Vines set are wondering if Mr. Trump is transforming the party they hope to inherit into one in which they are unwelcome. “They tend to be   traditional Republican conservatives, and so you know there is a little bit of a mismatch there,” said Karl Rove, the architect of George W. Bush’s presidential campaigns. Mr. Rove’s career in politics started as a   national chairman of the College Republicans who won the position in 1973 over opponents supported by Roger J. Stone Jr. and Paul Manafort, both of whom went on to become advisers to Mr. Trump. “There’s a tension there,” he said. That tension, tangible on campuses across the country, threatens to change the nature of both the organization that has long trained the party’s leaders and the party they are being trained to lead. Since 1923, when Calvin Coolidge became the first former College Republican to become president, the list of the group’s alumni reads like a who’s who of the Republican establishment. Besides Mr. Rove, there is Lee Atwater, the former Republican National Committee chairman, and Grover Norquist, the president of Americans for Tax Reform. Ralph Reed, the former executive director of the Christian Coalition, was a College Republican, and so was the     Jack Abramoff. Speaker Paul D. Ryan, whose visage the George Washington chapter displayed on its table, was a member. So was Reince Priebus, the chairman of the Republican National Committee, and numerous elected Republican officials across the country. Mr. Trump was never interested. “I didn’t do that,” Mr. Trump said with a shrug when asked in an interview if he had ever considered joining the club. “I was very much into the world of real estate. ” At Mr. Trump’s alma mater, the University of Pennsylvania, Grayson Sessa, the vice president of the school’s College Republicans, said he was dismayed by the nominee’s   and hoped the party’s values could withstand him. “It’s not a great feeling,” he said. At Yale, the chapter’s endorsement of Mr. Trump led to a mutiny, with departing members forming the Yale New Republicans and Yale Undergraduate Conservatives Against Trump. And at Harvard, alma mater of countless Republican leaders, the club’s president, Declan Garvey, 21, said that between Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton, “I would have to vote for Hillary. ” But Karis Lockhart, the chairwoman of the University of Central Florida chapter, whose parents met as College Republicans, said that those who could not bring themselves to vote for Mr. Trump were being overly sensitive. She argued that Mr. Trump would bring in new voters who would help in other races on the ballot. “He’s dumbing it down for people who don’t want the numbers and statistics,” she said approvingly. Mr. Trump’s nomination prompted the Central Florida’s chapter to post a letter on Facebook urging students “to not get discouraged” by Mr. Trump. Some did, and left the club. “My job is to bring everybody back on board to the Republican Party, whether or not they love Trump,” said Cade Marsh, the College Republicans’ state chairman in Florida, who wears “Hillary for Prison” shirts and wants to run for president in 2032. (His email handle is Cade2032POTUS, using the acronym for president of the United States.) Today, the College Republican National Committee claims to have around 250, 000 students in nearly 1, 800 chapters. It is a nonprofit political action committee with   power and shares its research on millennial voters with the Trump campaign, specifically the findings of its survey “Growing Up G. O. P. ,” the cover of which features hands cradling a plant sprout. “If you become a College Republican in college, then you are Republican for the rest of your life,” said Mr. Norquist, the former member. “Nobody learns anything about politics after they are 21. ” The task of reconciling Mr. Trump’s ascent with the bewilderment of conservative students falls to Alex Smith, the current national chairwoman of the College Republicans. She works in an office on K Street in Washington that is decorated with framed “Rove” and “Youth for Nixon” pins, a blues album featuring Mr. Atwater and letters from Mr. Rove. Ms. Smith, 27, is telegenic and   ready, the very picture of   message discipline. In an interview, she repeatedly tried to veer the conversation to Mrs. Clinton, whom she calls the first college Republican to win the Democratic nomination. (Mrs. Clinton was a   Goldwater Girl, a supporter of Senator Barry Goldwater of Arizona, who was the Republican presidential nominee in 1964.) Ms. Smith said that Mr. Trump’s preference for Twitter and Instagram suited her members. “In a lot of ways, he speaks like a person of my generation,” she said, adding, “He brings more people in. ” But was it not strange to work for the election of a candidate who had ripped her heroes to shreds, who disagreed on core Republican values? Ms. Smith looked at the tape recorder on her desk. “You could turn it off?” she asked. The George Washington chapter had its own struggles in absorbing the rise of Mr. Trump. When it released a statement in June congratulating him on winning the nomination, it drew backlash from its   members and from the College Democrats with whom they share an office on campus. “It was a really bad summer,” said Ms. Scott, the membership director. Allison Coukos, the chapter’s communications director, who, like Ms. Scott, is undecided on whether to vote for Mr. Trump, said, “They were like, ‘How can you support someone who is a racist, who hates women, who is a bigot?’ ” In an attempt at damage control, the group published a letter on Facebook clarifying that it had not endorsed Mr. Trump. Ms. Scott said the Trump fans in the club responded by calling them “pathetic” and mocked them for creating a “safe space. ” At the club fair this month at George Washington, many of the dozens of   freshman who stopped by the College Republicans table expressed relief when Ms. Scott explained that the group had, in fact, not supported Mr. Trump. But Tom Crean, a freshman who joined the club, wished they had. “It is their job to promote whoever is at the top of the ticket,” Mr. Crean, 18, said. “It’s undercutting the party. I would change it by being a   person in the organization. By being an apologist. ”",0
3193,WATCH What this Trump Hater Just Did In His UNDERWEAR,"You are here: Home / US / WATCH What this Trump Hater Just Did In His UNDERWEAR WATCH What this Trump Hater Just Did In His UNDERWEAR October 29, 2016 Pinterest 
Some guy in Wisconsin decided that he couldn’t wait to put some clothes on before he torched a Trump/Pence sign… and it was all caught on camera by the homeowners. 
Kevin and Jane Leighty of Platteville, Wisconsin caught their angry neighbor on camera taking a blowtorch to their Trump/Pence sign in his underwear. Man wearing only his underwear takes blowtorch to his neighbors' Trump sign — and they caught it all on camera https://t.co/XxdHdjAveM pic.twitter.com/mwWFZAwlBI 
— NBC News (@NBCNews) October 26, 2016 
According to Jane Leighty, witnesses walked past the scene of the crazed man setting his neighbor’s sign on fire and did nothing to stop him. 
Although I wouldn’t recommend going near a crazy man with a blowtorch in his underwear, as Leighty noted, they didn’t even have to — they could have just called the police. Instead, according to the homeowner, some even congratulated the man for his criminal activity. 
The people going by is what really hurts too that no one called the police just to say “hey go check this out.” They didn’t have to confront him. The two guys that come up and fist pumped him and go “yeah alright!” Really? 
Leighty made it clear that she wasn’t going to back down in the face of a crazed fool and some punks who think it’s hilarious to set fire to someone’s property: 
All we had was a little sign, you know, and if they’re offended by it they should have probably left that one there because every time they take it down it’s coming up bigger and better and the next one’s going to be a billboard. 
Good for them. It’s a sad state of affairs when you can’t express your support of a candidate without someone vandalizing your property, but here we are. 
There have been numerous instances throughout the election cycle of Trump supporters having their yard signs vandalized and in some cases being physically and verbally harassed and/or threatened for their support of the candidate. 
Even with all these instances, the media has chosen to focus primarily on any incident they can dredge up at Trump rallies — which we now have confirmation, thanks to Project Veritas , that Democrat operatives incite via a tactic called “birddogging.” 
These anti-Trumpsters — often liberals, although it’s unclear what this man’s political bent was for sure — have shown their true colors throughout this election cycle. They can’t handle the fact that someone else may not think the same way they do, which is truly pathetic. 
Good for the Leighty’s; it takes guts to stand up for your rights, and that’s exactly what they are doing by not giving in to a crazed bully.",0
3194,"Kerry: Trump Administration Will Last ’A Year, Two Years, Whatever’ - Breitbart","Tuesday in Davos, Switzerland, at the World Economic Forum, discussing if the upcoming administration of   Donald Trump will pull out of the nuclear deal with Iran, Secretary of State John Kerry said if they do other nations will continue the deal, so the Trump administration “will have done great injury” to U. S. “credibility” and “it will hurt for the endurance of a year, two years, whatever, while the administration is there. ”  Kerry said, “Take Iran for instance. If the United States were to decide suddenly, and say ‘hey we are not going to pursue this,’ and so forth, I bet you  —  I haven’t talked to all of them  —   but I’ll bet you that our friends and allies who negotiated this will get together, and that Russia, China, Germany, France, and Britain will say, ‘you know what, this is a good deal. We’re going to keep it.’ And Iran will keep it. And we’ll have made ourselves the odd person out. We’ll have injured our own credibility in, conceivably, an irreparable way. Not irreparably. There’s time, and that’s just too dramatic. But we will have done great injury to ourselves. And it will hurt for the endurance of a year, two years, whatever, while the administration is there. But it’s unnecessary  —  ” Interrupted by audience laughter, Kerry said, “I told you I was going to be active. I didn’t say how active. ” (  Business Insider) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
3195,BREAKING: DOJ FINALLY Secures Warrant To Inspect Huma’s Emails | Daily Wire,"BREAKING: DOJ FINALLY Secures Warrant To Inspect Huma’s Emails By: Michael Qazvini October 30, 2016 On the heels of FBI Director James Comey’s unexpected Friday announcement about revisiting the Hillary Clinton email investigation, the US Department of Justice has officially obtained a warrant to inspect Huma Abedin’s stash of emails. Abedin is perhaps Hillary Clinton’s closest confidante. During the course of the FBI’s investigation, she spoke with federal agents on several occasions, evading questions and providing only vague answers to direct inquiries. “The process has begun,” stated the bureau Sunday in a rather cryptic message, suggesting that Abedin’s emails will be possibly be examined before election day. Enjoying intimate access to the former secretary of state, Abedin sent several emails through Hillary’s private server. A few months ago, the FBI explicitly asked Abedin to hand over any information, including emails and devices those emails may be stored in to investigators. It now looks like she failed to comply with the request. In a bizarre twist of events, the FBI found hundreds of thousands of Abedin’s emails stored on a laptop belonging to her now-estranged husband. The emails were discovered as investigators seized evidence related to a separate investigation regarding an inquiry into disgraced Congressman Anthony Weiner’s possible sexual overtures to a minor. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton chats with her staff, including aide Huma Abedin (L), onboard her plane in White Plains, New York, October 22, 2016, on her way to a campaign event in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. / AFP / Robyn Beck (Photo credit should read ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images) Law enforcement officials have been hesitant to provide a timeline to the public for when the completion of its review of this treasure trove of emails. There may be evidence hiding in those emails that could incriminate Abedin’s boss, US presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. But we likely won’t find out until after the election, raising unsettling questions about the integrity of our fragile democracy. 
As a matter of principle, the FBI should tell the American people everything it knows before voters cast their ballots on November 8th. Tags ",0
3196,Whatever the Outcome on November 8th the US Will Be on a Collision Course With China - Federico Pieraccini,"Taming the corporate media beast Whatever the Outcome on November 8th the US Will Be on a Collision Course With China 
Regardless of who is elected next president, the attention of the US will shift to Asia Originally appeared at Strategic Culture Foundation 
When it comes to the authenticity of the American electoral process, one must start with the media. Eighty percent of it openly sides against Trump and favors Hillary Clinton, predetermining the outco me of the elections with omitted or, worse, distorted and ignored news, deliberately avoiding any irreparable damage to Clinton. 
The endless Wikileaks revelations about the collusion between the Democrats and the media establishment clearly show that there is a very specific plan to prevent a Trump victory. The lack of impartiality gives citizens little information to make a final choice in terms of voting, openly favoring the Democratic candidate. Therefore, it is more than fair to say that with this media situation and the number of polls in favor of the Democratic candidate that it is difficult to imagine a different outcome other than the most obvious one. 
It is also true that there are some factors in favor of Trump; often his voters like to stay silent instead of exposing themselves in spurious surveys used to manipulate the electoral vote. 
However, this election will see the triumph of a candidate that will be able to attract new voters to the polls. In this sense, the many who say they are pro-Clinton may stay home on November 8, completely disheartened by the numerous scandals of the Democratic candidate, in spite of the media censorship. 
A striking difference between the two presidential campaigns regards the energy of the supporters. Trump’s base is alive and breathes an air of revolution, while that of the Clinton is trying hard to stay alive. This is a factor that could be decisive if the margins are reduced (or proven false). 
On these bases it would already be enough to fully describe the US electoral system as being corrupt to the core. The media bias, covert funding of the Clinton Foundation , WikiLeaks and hacking against the Democratic National Committee (DNC), are all causes that certify how the so-called ""Deep State"" is clearly supportive of Clinton. 
That said Hillary Clinton remains the favorite candidate to win this election, with enormous percentages around 92 % if one listens to the New York Times. Also, forgetting for a moment the outcome, whatever it is, this election will deliver the most unpopular president in recent American history, with all the attendant consequences. 
Has there been anyone more unpopular than either candidate over the 18 months or so of the election campaign? But perhaps more interesting to ask is, once elected, what kind of president would Hillary Clinton be? 
The most obvious answer is that she will be a belligerent president, ready to impose her vision of the world with its accompanying sound of wars and bombs. And yet the more we delve into the issue, the more we realize that perhaps such a description is too generic and imprecise. 
Clinton, first of all, is above all a president in the hands of her donors, and rarely can a US president independently fashion foreign policy strategies. Obama’s famous interview with Goldberg in The Atlantic provides a striking example, where he described how he would have liked his foreign policy doctrine to be less involved around the world, instead seeing increased use of soft power to obtain geopolitical advances. 
Obama during his presidency was much more in favor of attempts to expand US influence with proxies like in Ukraine with the use of neo-Nazi battalions, or with the use of terrorists in Syria as opposed to using American ground troops, a scenario that is impractical for many reasons. 
Also for these decisions he is considered to be a weak president with little knowledge or interest in foreign policy. Obama is not a pacifist, God forbid. But it is true that he has often been softly opposed to a direct confrontation with Russia and Iran in different situations in the course of his presidency. 
Returning to Clinton, Who are her masters? First of all are the regional allies of the United States in the Middle East, Saudi Arabia and Qatar, thanks to millions of dollars of generous donations that will grant them the ability to demand concessions in specific situations regarding the Middle East. Secondly, and most importantly, there is the American elite , who have a strong interest in maintaining the US role in the world and prolonging its unipolar moment. 
It is principally for this reason that Clinton probably will be nothing more than a copy of Obama in terms of foreign policy, but with many more concessions to regional allies in the Middle East and a generic more aggressive policy towards Russia, China and Iran. 
It is a vision certainly closer to that of the neoconservatives, but in terms of specifics, her foreign policy decisions will be operated mostly by her masters that just want to get richer. A Clinton presidency will likely continue with a fairly similar foreign policy doctrine to that of Obama in Europe and the Middle East but with some important differences in Asia. 
It is likely that her donors, especially Riyadh and Doha, will try to influence her decisions allowing them to have a freehand in Syria. In Ukraine it is even more improbable that Clinton would try to reverse the negative trend for Kiev in their ATO, since this would require an intervention of NATO directly, unleashing a direct confrontation between the Atlantic Alliance and the Russian Federation, something that would escalate into a situation that would favor no one. 
The most obvious reason why the Clinton presidency is unlikely to deviate much from the course of the Obama presidency is the nature of the two major conflicts. In Syria, Damascus has now begun the victory phase, and there is no room for armed intervention by regional countries thanks to the Russian and Iranian veto. As usual, in the Middle East it is just hysteria from Washington, regardless of who will be the next president. In Ukraine, the situation is frozen in terms of territorial advances. 
It is unlikely that would change without a massive boost of Ukrainian troops to the east, but the effectiveness of such was seen in the 2014 war. Moreover, Moscow has suggested that they clearly possess all the ability to withstand such attacks, helping the Donbass and worsening the condition for the Ukrainian nation. The war is played in the courtyard of Moscow, thousands of kilometers away from the United States, a clear strategic disadvantage unbridgeable by Washington. Even in the case of Ukraine, it comes down to anti-Russian hysteria at little cost thanks to media propaganda. 
Even European countries are starting to complain about the sanctions against Moscow, not to mention the prospect of escalation by NATO in Ukraine. In addition to not being able to win the war, a new war in the east of Ukraine would become the perfect cause for existential crisis for Atlantic Alliance. This is a risk that Washington is well aware of, and weighing the strategic value of Ukraine, which is zero when compared to that of Europe, the Middle East and Southeast Asia , it is easy to see why the next US president would still not be willing to have a conventional, let alone nuclear , confrontation with Moscow over Ukraine. 
Unfortunately, the question changes dramatically when we take into account an area of ​​greatest strategic interest to the US elite such as Southeast Asia. Clinton always promoted the pivot to Asia, arguing that the only way to counter the rise of China is by in every way seeking to contain the Asian power. In this sense, we can also notice her efforts as Secretary of State in the Clinton reset, a policy that sought to bring Moscow and Washington closer together, and a strategy that could have helped the United States in containing, with Moscow's help, the Chinese giant. 
Fast-forward seven years later and the results are a disaster. The US and Russia have never been so divided. American pressure and aggression toward Moscow in Georgia and Ukraine have ended up pushing the former Soviet country into the arms of the Asian giant power, effectively creating a counterweight to the US, a failure that has worsened with Iran joining the Eurasian club thanks to continued destabilization from Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Israel, Turkey and the United States in areas ranging from North Africa to the Persian Gulf and passing through the Middle East. With the consolidation of this anti-hegemonic bloc, the US has lost most of its options to take action in an area of ​​keen interest, such as the Middle East. 
The Russian presence in Europe, especially in the context of Ukraine, is an insurmountable obstacle. In the Middle East, Russo-Iranian cooperation has averted a possible use of foreign troops in Syria. The final decision of the United States not to intervene in such scenarios is also based on a vague hope that Iran will eventually gravitate toward the Western sphere of influence and away from this anti-hegemonic bloc. To that effect, the nuclear deal makes more sense, especially considering the openness of western politicians to the Rouhani administration when compared to the preceding Ahmadinejad one. 
Even towards Russia there is the continuing hope that US power centers will be able to stretch the tentacles of colored democracy by 2018 (Russian presidential elections), imposing a candidate with a markedly more Western view. Good luck with that one, as Putin has about an 80% approval rating. 
Dashing Uncle Sam’s dreams, Russia and Iran continue to dominate their regions of influence, expanding contacts and alliances, without giving any sign of bending to the opposing policies of Washington. The foreign policy of Washington in Europe and in the Middle East, especially in the last eight years, has been schizophrenic, ineffective and against American interests in region in the first place. 
In Southeast Asia, the situation is quite different. With the rise of China in terms of GDP, military investment that is higher than the allocated budget, and the number of military personnel available, and if the growth of the last 15 years continues on its trajectory for a further 10 years, then China will certainly become the number one world super power. It is a situation that directly threatens American hegemony, something that has not happened in decades. 
For these reasons, Clinton came up with what is now known as the pivot away from Europe and towards Asia, as well as a reset with Russia, in the hope of lengthening the list of countries hostile to Beijing with the aim of containing China. Fast-forward again to several years later and as already stressed, the effect has been quite the opposite. Economically, China is continuing to grow and is consolidating its economical power, with new institutions like the AIIB and the BRICS bank creating an alternative pole to the American globalist system of IMF-World Bank-FED. 
Militarily there are less and less nations willing to patrol the South and East China Seas with the United States, Japan and Australia. Rather, countries like the Philippines and Vietnam are seeking a dialogue with the Chinese giant, hoping to improve their economic partnership. For its part, the US will not miss a chance to provoke Beijing with reckless military maneuvers. It is easy to see that with a Clinton presidency the US, when compared to Europe or the Middle East, will be more likely to pursue aggressive strategies in Southeast Asia with much greater determination as to risk conflict. 
The major US national donors, composed entirely by the globalist elite , control the press, banks, insurance, the military-industrial complex, Big Pharma, the rating agencies and central banks, and, in addition to increasing their earnings, have every intention to extending the unipolar moment of the United States and ensuring that no superpower can emerge to be a peer competitor. The rise of China is a no go, seen in perspective. 
At present, and in the past, it has certainly been the perfect client to allow the turbo-capitalist US system to outsource cheap labor, accelerating globalization, to enrich the pockets of these privileged super wealthy. The problem for the US elites is the rise, as time goes by, of the Chinese elite that has every intention of not being subject to the will of Washington. At a state level we can perceive this struggle with the emergence of institutions like the AIIB and organization of the BRICS. 
Clinton, obeying her master-donors, will obviously try to accentuate the influence of the US on regional allies in Asia to inflame anti-Chinese sentiment. The strategy is clear: to prevent Beijing from dominating the region. The risk of a conflict, even while being the highest of any other area of ​​the world, is unlikely to happen in the immediate future, especially due to China’s restrained approach. More likely I expect an asymmetric response by Beijing, aided by its finances. 
The most likely hypothesis regards an involvement of the Chinese Military in the Middle East to fight terrorism, perhaps with an Iranian and Russian partnership thanks to organizations such as SCO. The alliances, interests, organizations and international frameworks are all ready, the only thing missing being a direct order from Beijing. This posture and threat also serves as a deterrent to Washington’s meddling in Asia, acting as a kind of counter asymmetrical balance. 
It is not far fetched to see in a future presidency of Clinton Chinese troops alongside those of Russia, Iran, Syria, Iraq and maybe even Egypt in the Middle East fighting against state-sponsored terrorism. In a scenario of this kind, with all the behind-the-scenes negotiations between Ankara, Tehran, Tel Aviv and Moscow, it is difficult to imagine a regional war but rather the increasing isolation of Saudi Arabia and Qatar thanks to the policies of the anti-hegemonic bloc in the Middle East. 
Beijing, which always plays on different tables and well in advance, has already approached Riyadh in the recent past (its largest world supplier) with proposals and attractive agreements, just as it did with Britain immediately before the Brexit vote, trying to bring the City of London (and its influential financial market) into the orbit of China. For now, the Saudi family remains loyal US allies (and Wall Street finance), but with a new supranational circuit as AIIB, let us say supported by a financial market like London, it is not unthinkable that as the final asymmetric move, Beijing could aspire to deal a deadly blow to US hegemony by shifting oil trading from the dollar system to the new petro-yuan. This scenario is something that has been talked about and that frightens the US elites more than anything else. 
Regardless of who is elected the next president, the full attention of the US will shift mainly to the Asian area, prompting Beijing to think about its future and how to deal with American containment. So far, rather than a military deterrent, it looks like the economical factor will play a huge role against an aggressive US military posture in the Asian region.",0
3197,"2 Police Officers Are Shot and Killed in Palm Springs, Calif. - The New York Times","The police in Palm Springs, Calif. are mourning two officers who were shot and killed on Saturday while responding to a call about a domestic disturbance. One of the victims was a young mother and the other a veteran months away from retirement. Dozens of law enforcement officers converged on the scene, where a third officer had been wounded, to help search for the gunman. “I am awake in a nightmare right now,” said Chief Bryan Reyes of the Palm Springs Police Department. The Riverside County Sheriff’s Department, which took over the case, said on Sunday that a suspect, John Felix, 26, of Palm Springs, had been arrested. The police said that Mr. Felix had been injured while exchanging gunfire with the officers, but that his injuries were not   and that he was being treated at a local hospital. Mr. Felix will be charged with two counts of murder of a peace officer, the police said. The Los Angeles Times reported that Mr. Felix had a criminal record. He was convicted of assault with a deadly weapon in 2009 and sentenced to two years in prison. The episode began shortly after noon on Saturday when a woman called the police about her adult son. Three officers  —   Jose Gilbert Vega, 63 Lesley Zerebny, 27 and a man whose identity has not been released  —   responded to the call. A person at the house refused to open the front door and threatened to shoot them through it, Chief Reyes said. Within 10 minutes, shots had been fired and all three officers had been hit. “It was a simple family disturbance and he elected to open fire,” Chief Reyes said. Officer Zerebny had been on the force for a year and a half. She was married to a deputy for the Riverside County Sheriff’s Department. Officer Vega, who was married with eight children, had been with the department for 35 years. Chief Reyes said Officer Vega was not scheduled to work on Saturday, but he had picked up an overtime shift. He was planning to retire in December. “My employees are broken,” Chief Reyes said, his voice shaking. “If there’s ever a time to pray for Palm Springs P. D. it is now. ” Officers Zerebny and Vega are the first from the department to die in the line of duty since 1962, The Desert Sun reported.",0
3198,"N.C.A.A. Moves Championship Events From North Carolina, Citing Anti-Gay-Rights Law - The New York Times","The N. C. A. A. responding to a contentious North Carolina law that curbed   protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people, will relocate all championship tournament games scheduled to take place in the state over the coming academic year, the organization announced Monday night. Among the events affected is the Division I men’s basketball tournament, the N. C. A. A.’s most prominent annual event, which had six   and   games scheduled to be played in Greensboro in March. The announcement followed the N. B. A. ’s decision in July to move its 2017   Game out of Charlotte but was seen as a particularly substantial blow to officials in North Carolina, where college basketball is central to the state’s culture and pride. North Carolina has hosted more men’s basketball tournament games than any other state, an N. C. A. A. spokesman said. In a statement explaining the decision by its Board of Governors, which is largely made up of institutional presidents and chancellors, the N. C. A. A. said: “N. C. A. A. championships and events must promote an inclusive atmosphere for all college athletes, coaches, administrators and fans. Current North Carolina state laws make it challenging to guarantee that host communities can help deliver on that commitment. ” The N. C. A. A. has previously expressed support for protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people. Last year, for instance, it pressured Indiana over a law  —   passed days before the men’s basketball Final Four was to be held in Indianapolis, which is also where the N. C. A. A. is headquartered  —   that critics said could condone discrimination. And in April, it adopted an   measure for its evaluation of championship hosts. But Monday’s decision is sure to have real economic ramifications, and it could presage further activism by sports leagues against state or local laws they see as antithetical to their principles or disagreeable to their national fan bases. “This is an incredible statement from the N. C. A. A.,” said Hudson Taylor, the executive director of Athlete Ally, a nonprofit organization that fights homophobia and transphobia in sports. “I think this is making it clear that any state or city wishing to host N. C. A. A. championships has to protect and respect their L. G. B. T. constituents. ” Chris Sgro, a Democrat in the North Carolina House of Representatives and the executive director of Equality N. C. a lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights advocacy group, said the decision showed that the law “is hurting our economy, our reputation, and our people every day. ” The North Carolina law, which was signed by Gov. Pat McCrory in March but is still commonly referred to as House Bill 2, nullified local government ordinances establishing   protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people. But it gained widespread attention for its stipulation requiring people in publicly owned buildings to use restrooms that correspond with the gender listed on their birth certificate. Although the law’s supporters have moved to frame it as a public safety measure, critics have forcefully described it as bigoted and anachronistic. In a letter in May, the Justice Department asserted that the statute violated federal civil rights law, an accusation state officials loudly resisted. The N. C. A. A.’s decision on Monday came less than a month after a Federal District Court judge in   issued a limited ruling against the law and said the   University of North Carolina could not enforce the statute’s restroom access provisions against three people who had filed suit. The N. C. A. A.’s president, Mark Emmert, said in the organization’s statement: “Fairness is about more than the opportunity to participate in college sports, or even compete for championships. We believe in providing a safe and respectful environment at our events. ” But in explaining its decision, the N. C. A. A. emphasized the uniqueness of North Carolina’s situation, noting, for instance, that several cities and five states, including New York, have moved to bar   travel to North Carolina. Such a ban could include college athletes and staff members, the N. C. A. A. said. Already, the University of Vermont had canceled a women’s basketball game to be held at the University of North Carolina, and the State University of New York at Albany had canceled a men’s basketball game at Duke. In addition to men’s basketball, the affected championships are for women’s soccer, women’s golf and women’s lacrosse in Division I baseball in Division II and men’s and women’s soccer in Division III. Some championship tournaments decide games based on   advantage, and Monday’s move will not affect any game locations dictated by the   success of North   teams. North Carolina  —   Charlotte, specifically  —   is also home to the Atlantic Coast Conference’s annual football championship game, which is not administered by the N. C. A. A. In a statement Monday night, the conference’s commissioner, John Swofford, said, “H. B. 2 was previously scheduled to be thoroughly discussed at this week’s A. C. C. Council of Presidents meeting, so it would be premature to make any decisions or announcements regarding A. C. C. championships until our membership is able to discuss. The league’s longstanding commitment to equality, diversity and inclusion will continue to be a central theme to our discussions. ” Swofford added, though, “On a personal note, it’s time for this bill to be repealed as it’s counter to basic human rights. ” The office of Governor McCrory, a Republican, did not immediately respond to a request for comment, and aides to the Republican leaders of the General Assembly were similarly quiet. But a spokeswoman for the North Carolina Republican Party, Kami Mueller, described the decision as “so absurd it’s almost comical. ” “I wish the N. C. A. A. was this concerned about the women who were raped at Baylor,” Ms. Mueller said in a statement, referring to a recent scandal involving Baylor University’s football program. “Perhaps the N. C. A. A. should stop with their political peacocking  —   and instead focus their energies on making sure our nation’s collegiate athletes are safe, both on and off the field. ” With Mr. McCrory embroiled in one of the nation’s closest governor’s races, Democrats quickly used the N. C. A. A.’s announcement to assail Mr. McCrory once more about the law. “These tournaments pump money into our economy and give our communities and fans a chance to showcase our incredible tradition of college sports,” said Ford Porter, a spokesman for Roy Cooper, the Democratic nominee for governor. “Now, our ability to host these events at the highest level has been eliminated because of Governor McCrory and H. B. 2. ” Chad Griffin, the president of the Human Rights Campaign, a lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights advocacy group, said in a statement, “It’s long past time state lawmakers repealed this vile law, and if they don’t, the majority of voters opposed to H. B. 2 will ensure they pay the price in November. ” A trial about the law is expected next year, but the decision by the N. C. A. A. could focus immediate attention on how the University of North Carolina has approached the statute. After Judge Thomas D. Schroeder’s ruling in late August, the university said in a statement that it had “been caught in the middle of a conflict that we did not create between state law and federal guidance” and that it would “fully comply” with the judge’s   decision. Private institutions have not felt such pressure because the law does not apply to their campuses. In April, Duke University issued a harshly worded statement that called for the law’s repeal and said university administrators “deplore in the strongest possible terms the new state law. ”",0
3199,Spetsnaz GRU: Russian special operations forces | Russia & India Report,"Spetsnaz GRU: Russian special operations forces The Spetsnaz GRU was designed to carry out reconnaissance and sabotage activity on the enemy’s territory. By Boris Egorov , RIR Russia's Ministry of Defence 
Military special operation forces are elite units of the Russian Armed Forces. They are controlled by the Main Intelligence Agency (GRU) under General Staff. 
The primary function of special forces in wartime is infiltration behind enemy lines, usually well before hostilities are scheduled to begin and, once in place, to commit acts of sabotage (such as the destruction of vital communications logistics centers, the command posts for the guidance of nuclear weapons ), the assassination of key government leaders and military officers. 
Acting in groups of five to ten people, the Spetsnaz GRU is able to act autonomously for several days. 
Soldiers go through special physical and psychological training, in which special emphasis is placed on mastering the weapons, skill in radio communications, and knowledge of the enemy’s territory. ",0
3200,The Year 2016 Set To Be Hottest On Record      : Information," The Year 2016 Set To Be Hottest On Record By AFP November 14, "" AFP "" - The year 2016 will ""very likely"" be the hottest on record, the UN said Monday, warning of calamitous consequences if the march of global warming cannot be halted.
Average temperatures for the year were set to hit about 1.2 Celsius (2.16 degrees Fahrenheit) over pre-Industrial Revolution levels  meaning that 16 of the 17 hottest years on record were this century, said the UN's World Meteorological Organization (WMO) .
The new record means the world is already more than halfway to the upper limit of 2 C of warming overall, 1.5 C if possible, which UN nations had agreed upon to stave off worst-case-scenario climate change .
""Another year. Another record. The high temperatures we saw in 2015 are set to be beaten in 2016,"" WMO secretary general Petteri Taalas said in a statement.
#StateofClimate : 2016 set to be hottest year on record. Temperatures approx. 1.2Â°C above pre-industrial era #COP22 https://t.co/muMmlEuy5l pic.twitter.com/iod2pIoA1t
 WMO | OMM (@WMO) November 14, 2016
The El Nino weather phenomenon had boosted temperatures in the early months of the year, but even after its effects dissipated, the mercury stayed high.
In parts of Arctic Russia, temperatures were 6 C to 7 C higher than the long-term average, the statement said. Other Arctic and sub-Arctic regions in Russia, Alaska and northwest Canada were at least 3 C above average.
""We are used to measuring temperature records in fractions of a degree, and so this is different,"" said Taalas.
The WMO report was published as UN climate talks entered their second week in Marrakesh  the first since last year's huddle in the French capital concluded with the climate-rescue Paris Agreement.
The Moroccan followup is meant to agree on rules for executing the plans and goals outlined in the pact, which envisions reining in global warming by cutting back on greenhouse-gas emitting coal, oil and gas for energy.
High impact events
Earlier Monday, the annual Global Carbon Budget report said carbon emissions from burning fossil fuels have been nearly flat for three years in a row  a ""great help"" but not enough to stave off dangerous climate change.
Both analyses warned that concentrations of planet-warming greenhouse gases in the atmosphere continued to rise, reaching 400 parts per million in 2015 and likely to exceed that record in 2016.
Global temperatures for January to September this year were about 1.2 C over pre-industrial levels, and 0.88 C over the average for 1961-1990, said the WMO.
""More than 90 percent of northern hemisphere land areas outside the tropics were at least 1 C above average.""
Temperatures were also above normal over most ocean areas, contributing to coral bleaching and disrupted marine ecosystems in tropical waters, the report said.
Arctic sea ice extent was ""well below normal"" throughout the year.
""Because of climate change, the occurrence and impact of extreme events has risen,"" the WMO said. Heatwaves and flooding that once occurred once in a generation, are now much more regular.
It pointed to several ""high impact"" events this year, including Hurricane Matthew which ravaged Haiti in October, flooding in China, several heatwaves, the most damaging wildfire in Canadian history and major droughts.
Food shortages, population migration and conflict are expected to increase as a result of more frequent and potentially more intense weather-related disasters, the report warned.
(AFP)",0
3201,Hillary Dressed In The Most Perfect ‘Costume’ Today Without Realizing It,"Hillary Dressed In The Most Perfect ‘Costume’ Today Without Realizing It Posted on October 31, 2016 by Amanda Shea in Politics Share This Hillary Clinton in “costume” 
For the first time in her campaigning, Hillary Clinton is working overtime, now that we’re in the final hours of this election and she has a major FBI scandal to try to cover up. She’s not letting a holiday like Halloween hold her back from her scheduled speaking engagements, scaring everyone she meets with what she inadvertently decided to dress up as. 
The troubled Democratic candidate showed up at Kent State University to greet another anemic crowd that she’s become accustomed to seeing. While she thought she was treating them with her presence, the “trick” was actually on her when everyone took a closer look at what she was wearing and saw the irony in it based on everything Americans have seen over recent weeks. 
While she didn’t depart from her typical androgynous pantsuit garb, there was something else about her outfit hidden in plain sight. As the American Mirror point out, every inch of the draping fabric she had on was crimson red, making her appear like she dressed as a walking blood clot for Halloween. 
Since clots have been suspected as contributing to her health issues, which she’s had a hard time hiding, the irony of the outfit wasn’t lost on those looking for deeper meaning in what she picked to wear on this particular holiday. Hillary Clinton in all crimson red at Kent State today on Halloween 
According to The Sun , Hillary has been known to have clotting issues in the past when they reported on this condition in September. “Clinton had a long history of ill health starting with a blood clot in 1998 while her husband Bill was commander-in-chief,” the source explained. “The ‘Venous thromboembolism’, which was located behind her right knee, resulted in her foot ballooning in size.” 
The article added that Hillary is on a daily regimen of blood-thinning medications to treat deep vein thrombosis (DVT) “after suffering two other clots in 2009 and 2012,” one of which was discovered in her brain. 
The symbolism potentially runs deep in this color choice as it’s one of her few appearances she’s made since Friday when the FBI announced that they were looking back into her e-mails, which possibly mean the end of the road for her. Red represents anger, which she surely feels inside, or perhaps it’s a hidden message that the election will end with a win for Republicans whose party is represented by this bold color.",0
3202,Attorney General Jeff Sessions Seeks Resignations of 46 US Attorneys,"WASHINGTON (AP)  —   Attorney General Jeff Sessions is seeking the resignations of 46 United States attorneys who were appointed during the prior presidential administration, the Justice Department said Friday. [Many of the federal prosecutors who were nominated by former President Barack Obama have already left their positions, but the nearly four dozen who stayed on in the first weeks of the Trump administration have been asked to leave “in order to ensure a uniform transition,” Justice Department spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores said.  “Until the new U. S. attorneys are confirmed, the dedicated career prosecutors in our U. S. attorney’s offices will continue the great work of the department in investigating, prosecuting and deterring the most violent offenders,” she said in a statement. It is customary, though not automatic, for the country’s 93 U. S. attorneys to leave their positions once a new president is in office. The Obama administration allowed political appointees of President George W. Bush to serve until their replacement had been nominated and confirmed. The federal prosecutors are nominated by the president, generally upon the recommendation of a   senator. One U. S. attorney appointed by Bush, Rod Rosenstein of Maryland, remained on the job for the entire Obama administration and is the current nominee for deputy attorney general. U. S. attorneys are responsible for prosecuting federal crimes in the territories they oversee. They report to Justice Department leadership in Washington, and their priorities are expected to be in line with those of the attorney general.",0
3203,37 Who Saw Murder Didn’t Call the Police - The New York Times,"For more than half an hour 38 respectable, law‐abiding cit izens in Queens watched a killer stalk and stab a woman in three separate attacks in Kew Gardens. Twice the sound of their voices and the sudden glow of their bedroom Iights interrupted him and frightened him off. Each time he returned, sought her out and stabbed her again. Not one person telephoned ‐ the po lice during the assault one wit ness called after the woman was dead.’ ”That was two weeks ago to day. But Assistant Chief In spector Frederick M. Lussen, in charge of the borough’s detec tives and a veteran of 25 years of homicide investigations, is still shocked.” ’He can give a matter‐of‐fact recitation of many murders. But the Kew Gardens slaying baffles him‐not because it is a murder, but because the “good people” failed to call the police. “As we have reconstructed the crime,” he said, “the assail ant had three chances to kill this woman during a 35‐minute period. He returned twice to complete the job. If we had been called when he first at tacked, the woman might not be dead now. ” This is what the police say happened beginnang at 3:20 A. M. in the staid, middle‐cIass, tree‐lined Austin Street area: Twenty‐eight‐year‐o1d Cath erine Genovese, who was called Kitty by almost everyone in the neighborhood, was returning She turned off the lights of her car, locked the door and started to walk the 100 feet to the entrance of her apartment at 82‐70 Austin Street, which is in a Tudor building, with stores on the first floor and apartments on the second. The entrance to the apart ment is in the rear of the   ing because the front is rented to retail stores. At night the quiet neighborhood is shrouded in the slumbering darkness that marks most residential areas. Miss Genovese noticed a man at the far end of the lot, near a seven‐story apartment house at 82‐40 Austin Street. She halted. Then, nervously, she headed up Austin Street to ward Lefferts Boulevard, where there is a call box to the 102d police Precinct in nearby Rich mond Hill. ‘He Stabbed Me!’ She got as far as a street light in front of a bookstore before the man grabbed her. she screamed. Lights went on in the 10‐story apartment house at 82‐67. Austin Street, which faces the bookstore. Windows slid open and voices punctured the early‐morning stillness. Miss Genovese screamed: oh, my God, he stabbed me! Please help me! Please help me !” From one of the upper win down in the apartment house, a man called down: “Let that girl alone !” The assailant looked up at him, shrugged and walked down Austin Street toward a white sedan parked a short distance away. Miss Genovese struggled to her feet. Lights went out. The killer returned to Miss Genovese, now trying to make her way around the side of the building by the parking lot to get to her apart ment. The assailant stabbed her again.’ ”“I’m dying!” she shrieked. “I’m dying!” She shrieked. “I’m dying! ”” ’A City Bus Passed Windows were opened again, and lights went on in many apartments. The assailant got into his car and drove away. Miss Genovese staggered to her feet. A city bus, Q‐10, the Lef ferts Boulevard line to Ken nedy International Airport, passed. It was 3:35 A. M.’ ”The assailant returned. By then, Miss Genovese had crawled to the back of the building, where the freshly painted brown doors to the apartment house held out hope of safety. The killer tried the first door she wasn’t there. At the second ‐ door, 82‐62 Austin Street, he saw her slumped on the floor at the foot of the stairs. He stabbed her a third time —  fatally.” ’It was 3:50 by the time the police received their first call, from a man who was a neighbor of Miss Genovese. In two min utes they were at the scene. The neighbor, a 70‐year‐old woman and another woman were the only persons on the street. No bady else came forward. The man explained that he had called the police after much celiberation. He had phoned a friend in Nassau County for advice and then he had crossed the roof of the building to the apartment of the elderly wo man to get her to make the call.’ ”“I didn’t want to get in volved,” he sheepishly told the police.” ’Suspect Is Arrested Six days later, the police ar rested Winston Moseley, a 29 year‐old   op erator, and charged him with the homicide. Moseley had no previous record. He is married, has two children and owns a home at 133‐19 Sutter Avenue, south ozone Park, Queens. On wednesday, a court committed him to Kings County Hospital for psychiatric observation. When questioned by the po lice, Moseley also said that he had slain Mrs. Annie May John son, 24, of 146‐12 133d Avenue, Jamaica, on Feb. 29 and Bar bara Kralik, 15, of 174‐17 140th Avenue, Springfield Gardens, last July. In the Kralik case, the police are holding Alvin L. Mitchel1, who is said to have confessed that slaying. The police stressed how sim‐ ple it would have been to have gotten in touch with them. “A phone call,” said one of the de tectives, “would have done it. ” The police may be reached by dialing . “O” for operator or SPring  .’ ”The question of whether the witnesses can be held legally responsible in any way for fail ure to report the crime was put to the Police Department’s legai bureau. There, a spokesman said :” ’“There is no legal responsibil‐ity with few exceptions, for any citizen to report a crime. ” Statutes Explained Under the statutes of the city, he said, a witness to a suspicibus or violent death must report it to the medical examiner. Under state law, a witness cannot withhold infor mation in a kidnapping.’ ”Today witnesses from the neighborhood, which is made up   homes in the $35, 000 to $60, 000 range with the exception of the two apartment. houses near the railroad sta tion, find it difficult to explain why they didn’t call the police.” ’Lieut Bernard Jacobs, who handled the investigation by the, detectives, said: “It is one of the better neigh borhoods. There are few re ports of crimes. You only get’ ”Path of Victim: Stabber’s Third Attack Was Fatal” ’The police said most persons had told them they had been afraid to call, but had given meaningless answers when asked what they had feared. “We can understand the reti cence of people to become in volved in an area of violence,” Lieutenant Jacobs said, “but where they are in their homes, near phones, why should they be afraid to call the police?” He said his men were able to piece together what happened  —  and capture the suspect‐be cause the residents furnished all the information when detec tives rang doorbells during the days following the slaying.’ ”“But why didn’t someone call us that night ?” he asked un believingly.” ’Witnesses —  some of them un able to believe what they had allowed to happen —  told a re porter why.’ ”A housewife, knowingly if quite casual, said, “We thought it was a lover’s quarrel. ” A husband and wife both said, “Frankly, we were afraid. ” They seemed aware of the fact that events might have been” ’One couple, now willing to talk about that night, said they heard the first screams. The husband looked thoughtfully at the bookstore where the killer first grabbed Miss Genovese. “We went to the window to see what was happening,” he said, “but the light from our bedroom made it difficult to see the street. ” The wife, still ap prehensive, added: “I put out the light and we were able to see better. ”’ ”Asked why they hadn’t called the police, she shrugged and re plied: “I don’t know. ”” ”A man peeked out from a slight opening in the doorway to his apartment and rattled off an account of the killer’s second attack. Why hadn’t he called the police at the time? “I was tired,” he said without emotion. “I went back to bed. ”” ’It was 4:25 A. M. when the ambulance arrived for the body of Miss Genovese. It drove off. “Then,” a solemn police detec tive said, “the people came out. ” This article can be viewed in its original form.  Please send questions and feedback to archive_feedback@nytimes. com",0
3204,News: Diversity Win! Marvel Created A White Male Superhero Who Thinks It’s Too Bad He Got Powers Instead Of A Latina Woman,"Email 
It’s time to get excited, because Marvel Comics just announced a new superhero that advances diversity in comics in a major way. The series is called Luminary , and it tells the story of a mild-mannered Caucasian man named Percy Pendleton who gains incredible superhuman powers and constantly expresses his regret that he was blessed with those abilities instead of a Latina woman, who could be a role model for young Hispanic girls in addition to merely fighting crime. 
Yes! Marvel deserves major kudos for this massive step toward inclusive representation in comics! 
While working as a nuclear physicist at Stark Industries, Percy is caught in a particle-accelerator explosion. A surge of neutrinos floods his nervous system and transforms him into the incredible Luminary, a hero whose amazing powers of flight, super strength, and energy manipulation make him concerned that as a white man he does nothing to reflect the face of a changing America, which is increasingly Hispanic and female. 
Wow. What a long-overdue breath of fresh air to see a big-name publisher like Marvel feature a white male superhero who thinks it’s a shame he isn’t Latina. 
For a glimpse of the groundbreaking work you can look forward to in Luminary #1, check out these sample panels Marvel released earlier this week: 
Awesome. Thanks, Marvel, for proving that white men who wish Latinas had better opportunities can be superheroes, too! We can’t wait to read the first issue!",0
3205,Election 2016 and the Growing Global Nuclear Threat,"Election 2016 and the Growing Global Nuclear Threat Playing a Game of Chicken with Nuclear Strategy Email This Page to Someone Your Name Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email => 
Once upon a time, when choosing a new president, a factor for many voters was the perennial question: “Whose finger do you want on the nuclear button?” Of all the responsibilities of America’s top executive, none may be more momentous than deciding whether, and under what circumstances, to activate the “nuclear codes” — the secret alphanumeric messages that would inform missile officers in silos and submarines that the fearful moment had finally arrived to launch their intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) toward a foreign adversary, igniting a thermonuclear war. 
Until recently in the post-Cold War world, however, nuclear weapons seemed to drop from sight, and that question along with it. Not any longer. In 2016, the nuclear issue is back big time, thanks both to the rise of Donald Trump ( including various unsettling comments he’s made about nuclear weapons) and actual changes in the global nuclear landscape. 
With passions running high on both sides in this year’s election and rising fears about Donald Trump’s impulsive nature and Hillary Clinton’s hawkish one, it’s hardly surprising that the “nuclear button” question has surfaced repeatedly throughout the campaign. In one of the more pointed exchanges of the first presidential debate, Hillary Clinton declared that Donald Trump lacked the mental composure for the job. “A man who can be provoked by a tweet,” she commented , “should not have his fingers anywhere near the nuclear codes.” Donald Trump has reciprocated by charging that Clinton is too prone to intervene abroad. “You’re going to end up in World War III over Syria,” he told reporters in Florida last month. 
For most election observers, however, the matter of personal character and temperament has dominated discussions of the nuclear issue, with partisans on each side insisting that the other candidate is temperamentally unfit to exercise control over the nuclear codes. There is, however, a more important reason to worry about whose finger will be on that button this time around: at this very moment, for a variety of reasons, the “nuclear threshold” — the point at which some party to a “conventional” (non-nuclear) conflict chooses to employ atomic weapons — seems to be moving dangerously lower. 
Not so long ago, it was implausible that a major nuclear power — the United States, Russia, or China — would consider using atomic weapons in any imaginable conflict scenario. No longer. Worse yet, this is likely to be our reality for years to come, which means that the next president will face a world in which a nuclear decision-making point might arrive far sooner than anyone would have thought possible just a year or two ago — with potentially catastrophic consequences for us all. 
No less worrisome, the major nuclear powers (and some smaller ones) are all in the process of acquiring new nuclear arms, which could, in theory, push that threshold lower still. These include a variety of cruise missiles and other delivery systems capable of being used in “limited” nuclear wars — atomic conflicts that, in theory at least, could be confined to just a single country or one area of the world (say, Eastern Europe) and so might be even easier for decision-makers to initiate. The next president will have to decide whether the U.S. should actually produce weapons of this type and also what measures should be taken in response to similar decisions by Washington’s likely adversaries. 
Lowering the Nuclear Threshold 
During the dark days of the Cold War, nuclear strategists in the United States and the Soviet Union conjured up elaborate conflict scenarios in which military actions by the two superpowers and their allies might lead from, say, minor skirmishing along the Iron Curtain to full-scale tank combat to, in the end, the use of “battlefield” nuclear weapons, and then city-busting versions of the same to avert defeat. In some of these scenarios, strategists hypothesized about wielding “tactical” or battlefield weaponry — nukes powerful enough to wipe out a major tank formation, but not Paris or Moscow — and claimed that it would be possible to contain atomic warfare at such a devastating but still sub-apocalyptic level. (Henry Kissinger, for instance, made his reputation by preaching this lunatic doctrine in his first book, Nuclear Weapons and Foreign Policy .) Eventually, leaders on both sides concluded that the only feasible role for their atomic arsenals was to act as deterrents to the use of such weaponry by the other side. This was, of course, the concept of “ mutually assured destruction ,” or — in one of the most classically apt acronyms of all times: MAD. It would, in the end, form the basis for all subsequent arms control agreements between the two superpowers. 
Anxiety over the escalatory potential of tactical nuclear weapons peaked in the 1970s when the Soviet Union began deploying the SS-20 intermediate-range ballistic missile (capable of striking cities in Europe, but not the U.S.) and Washington responded with plans to deploy nuclear-armed, ground-launched cruise missiles and the Pershing-II ballistic missile in Europe. The announcement of such plans provoked massive antinuclear demonstrations across Europe and the United States. On December 8, 1987, at a time when worries had been growing about how a nuclear conflagration in Europe might trigger an all-out nuclear exchange between the superpowers, President Ronald Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev signed the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty. 
That historic agreement — the first to eliminate an entire class of nuclear delivery systems — banned the deployment of ground-based cruise or ballistic missiles with a range of 500 and 5,500 kilometers and required the destruction of all those then in existence. After the collapse of the Soviet Union, the Russian Federation inherited the USSR’s treaty obligations and pledged to uphold the INF along with other U.S.-Soviet arms control agreements. In the view of most observers, the prospect of a nuclear war between the two countries practically vanished as both sides made deep cuts in their atomic stockpiles in accordance with already existing accords and then signed others, including the New START , the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty of 2010. 
Today, however, this picture has changed dramatically. The Obama administration has concluded that Russia has violated the INF treaty by testing a ground-launched cruise missile of prohibited range, and there is reason to believe that, in the not-too-distant future, Moscow might abandon that treaty altogether. Even more troubling, Russia has adopted a military doctrine that favors the early use of nuclear weapons if it faces defeat in a conventional war, and NATO is considering comparable measures in response. The nuclear threshold, in other words, is dropping rapidly. 
Much of this is due, it seems, to Russian fears about its military inferiority vis-à-vis the West. In the chaotic years following the collapse of the USSR, Russian military spending plummeted and the size and quality of its forces diminished accordingly. In an effort to restore Russia’s combat capabilities, President Vladimir Putin launched a multi-year, multi-billion-dollar expansion and modernization program. The fruits of this effort were apparent in the Crimea and Ukraine in 2014, when Russian forces, however disguised, demonstrated better fighting skills and wielded better weaponry than in the Chechnya wars a decade earlier. Even Russian analysts acknowledge, however, that their military in its current state would be no match for American and NATO forces in a head-on encounter, given the West’s superior array of conventional weaponry. To fill the breach, Russian strategic doctrine now calls for the early use of nuclear weapons to offset an enemy’s superior conventional forces. 
To put this in perspective, Russian leaders ardently believe that they are the victims of a U.S.-led drive by NATO to encircle their country and diminish its international influence. They point, in particular, to the build-up of NATO forces in the Baltic countries, involving the semi-permanent deployment of combat battalions in what was once the territory of the Soviet Union, and in apparent violation of promises made to Gorbachev in 1990 that NATO would not do so. As a result, Russia has been bolstering its defenses in areas bordering Ukraine and the Baltic states, and training its troops for a possible clash with the NATO forces stationed there. 
This is where the nuclear threshold enters the picture. Fearing that it might be defeated in a future clash, its military strategists have called for the early use of tactical nuclear weapons, some of which no doubt would violate the INF Treaty, in order to decimate NATO forces and compel them to quit fighting. Paradoxically, in Russia, this is labeled a “ de-escalation ” strategy, as resorting to strategic nuclear attacks on the U.S. under such circumstances would inevitably result in Russia’s annihilation. On the other hand, a limited nuclear strike (so the reasoning goes) could potentially achieve success on the battlefield without igniting all-out atomic war. As Eugene Rumer of the Carnegie Endowment of International Peace explains, this strategy assumes that such supposedly “limited” nuclear strikes “will have a sobering effect on the enemy, which will then cease and desist.” 
To what degree tactical nuclear weapons have been incorporated into Moscow’s official military doctrine remains unknown, given the degree of secrecy surrounding such matters. It is apparent, however, that the Russians have been developing the means with which to conduct such “limited” strikes. Of greatest concern to Western analysts in this regard is their deployment of the Iskander-M short-range ballistic missile, a modern version of the infamous Soviet-era “Scud” missile (used by Saddam Hussein’s forces during the Iran-Iraq war of 1980-1988 and the Persian Gulf War of 1990-1991). Said to have a range of 500 kilometers (just within the INF limit), the Iskander can carry either a conventional or a nuclear warhead. As a result, a targeted country or a targeted military could never be sure which type it might be facing (and might simply assume the worst). Adding to such worries, the Russians have deployed the Iskander in Kaliningrad, a tiny chunk of Russian territory wedged between Poland and Lithuania that just happens to put it within range of many western European cities. 
In response, NATO strategists have discussed lowering the nuclear threshold themselves, arguing — ominously enough — that the Russians will only be fully dissuaded from employing their limited-nuclear-war strategy if they know that NATO has a robust capacity to do the same. At the very least, what’s needed, some of them claim , is a more frequent inclusion of nuclear-capable or dual-use aircraft in exercises on Russia’s frontiers to “signal” NATO’s willingness to resort to limited nuclear strikes, too. Again, such moves are not yet official NATO strategy, but it’s clear that senior officials are weighing them seriously. 
Just how all of this might play out in a European crisis is, of course, unknown, but both sides in an increasingly edgy standoff are coming to accept that nuclear weapons might have a future military role, which is, of course, a recipe for almost unimaginable escalation and disaster of an apocalyptic sort. This danger is likely to become more pronounced in the years ahead because both Washington and Moscow seem remarkably intent on developing and deploying new nuclear weapons designed with just such needs in mind. 
The New Nuclear Armaments 
Both countries are already in the midst of ambitious and extremely costly efforts to “ modernize ” their nuclear arsenals. Of all the weapons now being developed, the two generating the most anxiety in terms of that nuclear threshold are a new Russian ground-launched cruise missile (GLCM) and an advanced U.S. air-launched cruise missile (ALCM). Unlike ballistic missiles, which exit the Earth’s atmosphere before returning to strike their targets, such cruise missiles remain within the atmosphere throughout their flight. 
American officials claim that the Russian GLCM, reportedly now being deployed, is of a type outlawed by the INF Treaty. Without providing specifics, the State Department indicated in a 2014 memo that it had “a range capability of 500 km [kilometers] to 5,500 km,” which would indeed put it in violation of that treaty by allowing Russian combat forces to launch nuclear warheads against cities throughout Europe and the Middle East in a “limited” nuclear war. 
The GLCM is likely to prove one of the most vexing foreign policy issues the next president will face. So far, the White House has been reluctant to press Moscow too hard, fearing that the Russians might respond by exiting the INF Treaty altogether and so eliminate remaining constraints on its missile program. But many in Congress and among Washington’s foreign policy elite are eager to see the next occupant of the Oval Office take a tougher stance if the Russians don’t halt deployment of the missile, threatening Moscow with more severe economic sanctions or moving toward countermeasures like the deployment of enhanced anti-missile systems in Europe. The Russians would, in turn, undoubtedly perceive such moves as threats to their strategic deterrent forces and so an invitation for further weapons acquisitions, setting off a fresh round in the long-dormant Cold War nuclear arms race. 
On the American side, the weapon of immediate concern is a new version of the AGM-86B air-launched cruise missile, usually carried by B-52 bombers. Also known as the Long-Range Standoff Weapon (LRSO), it is, like the Iskander-M, expected to be deployed in both nuclear and conventional versions, leaving those on the potential receiving end unsure what might be heading their way. In other words, as with the Iskander-M, the intended target might assume the worst in a crisis, leading to the early use of nuclear weapons. Put another way, such missiles make for twitchy trigger fingers and are likely to lead to a heightened risk of nuclear war, which, once started, might in turn take Washington and Moscow right up the escalatory ladder to a planetary holocaust. 
No wonder former Secretary of Defense William J. Perry called on President Obama to cancel the ALCM program in a recent Washington Post op-ed piece. “Because they… come in both nuclear and conventional variants,” he wrote, “cruise missiles are a uniquely destabilizing type of weapon.” And this issue is going to fall directly into the lap of the next president. 
The New Nuclear Era 
Whoever is elected on November 8th, we are evidently all headed into a world in which Trumpian-style itchy trigger fingers could be the norm. It already looks like both Moscow and Washington will contribute significantly to this development — and they may not be alone. In response to Russian and American moves in the nuclear arena, China is reported to be developing a “ hypersonic glide vehicle ,” a new type of nuclear warhead better able to evade anti-missile defenses — something that, at a moment of heightened crisis, might make a nuclear first strike seem more attractive to Washington. And don’t forget Pakistan, which is developing its own short-range “tactical” nuclear missiles, increasing the risk of the quick escalation of any future Indo-Pakistani confrontation to a nuclear exchange. (To put such “regional” dangers in perspective, a local nuclear war in South Asia could cause a global nuclear winter and, according to one study , possibly kill a billion people worldwide, thanks to crop failures and the like.) 
And don’t forget North Korea, which is now testing a nuclear-armed ICBM, the Musudan, intended to strike the Western United States. That prompted a controversial decision in Washington to deploy THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense) anti-missile batteries in South Korea (something China bitterly opposes), as well as the consideration of other countermeasures, including undoubtedly scenarios involving first strikes against the North Koreans. 
It’s clear that we’re on the threshold of a new nuclear era: a time when the actual use of atomic weapons is being accorded greater plausibility by military and political leaders globally, while war plans are being revised to allow the use of such weapons at an earlier stage in future armed clashes. 
As a result, the next president will have to grapple with nuclear weapons issues — and possible nuclear crises — in a way unknown since the Cold War era. Above all else, this will require both a cool head and a sufficient command of nuclear matters to navigate competing pressures from allies, the military, politicians, pundits, and the foreign policy establishment without precipitating a nuclear conflagration. On the face of it, that should disqualify Donald Trump. When questioned on nuclear issues in the first debate, he exhibited a striking ignorance of the most basic aspects of nuclear policy. But even Hillary Clinton, for all her experience as secretary of state, is likely to have a hard time grappling with the pressures and dangers that are likely to arise in the years ahead, especially given that her inclination is to toughen U.S. policy toward Russia. 
In other words, whoever enters the Oval Office, it may be time for the rest of us to take up those antinuclear signs long left to molder in closets and memories, and put some political pressure on leaders globally to avoid strategies and weapons that would make human life on this planet so much more precarious than it already is. 
Michael T. Klare, a TomDispatch regular , is a professor of peace and world security studies at Hampshire College and the author, most recently, of The Race for What’s Left . A documentary movie version of his book Blood and Oil is available from the Media Education Foundation . Follow him on Twitter at @mklare1. (Reprinted from TomDispatch by permission of author or representative)",0
3206,WORLD WAR 3 IS COMING,source Add To The Conversation Using Facebook Comments,0
3207,Obama’s Secret Muslim List,"Obama’s Secret Muslim List Why enemies of Israel and Iran’s “go-to guy” appeared on the list. November 2, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam. 
Like a warped Islamic version of Santa Claus, Obama had a secret Muslim list. And his people checked it at least twice. The list was of Muslims who were prospects for important jobs and appointments. 
It included a Muslim who had described Israel as an “Apartheid State,” Iran’s “go-to guy in New York financial circles” and a number of figures linked to the Muslim Brotherhood. 
It was the ultimate religious test from an administration that had vocally rejected them. 
Obama had claimed that having religious tests for migration was “shameful” and “not American.” 
“When I hear folks say that, well maybe we should just admit the Christians but not the Muslims,” he huffed from Turkey. His Muslim host country was run by a bigoted sponsor of Islamic terror. 
""We don’t have religious tests,” he insisted. 
Except we did and we do. Obama also had religious tests. His religious tests excluded Christians and favored Muslims. That is why his Syrian refugees were between 98% and 99% Muslim with only 68 Christians and 24 Yazidis, even though both groups are real victims of the Muslim religious war. 
Syria is 10% Christian and hundreds of thousands have been displaced. Yet only 68 have made it past Obama’s iron curtain. That’s either an Islamic religious test or the world’s greatest coincidence. 
But would the man who piously lectured us on the evils of religious tests really have a religious test? 
Of course he would. 
The hacked emails include a list of “Muslim American candidates for top Administration jobs, sub-cabinet jobs, and outside boards/agencies/policy committees.” 
The list was sent to John Podesta who headed the Obama-Biden Transition Project. It had been put together by a woman who had sat on the Commission on International Religious Freedom, but boasted that she had, “Excluded those with some Arab American background but who are not Muslim (e.g., George Mitchell). Many Lebanese Americans, for example, are Christian.” 
How “shameful.” How “not American” of Barack Hussein Obama. 
“Most who are listed appear to be Muslim-American, except that a handful (where noted) may be Arab American but of uncertain religion (esp. Christian),” she assured Podesta. 
Religious tests are only out of line when they exclude Muslims. Not when they exclude Christians. 
That’s the pattern which emerged from the Obama-Biden Transition Project and Obama’s refugee policy. There has been a clear pattern of administration bias against Christians and Jews. And in favor of Muslims. That bias has been obvious in a foreign policy which backed Islamic supremacist groups such as the Muslim Brotherhood over more moderate governments at the expense of non-Muslim populations. 
This policy led to the displacement and death of countless Christians, and the persecution of entire communities, by an administration which then denied safe harbor to the victims of its own policies. 
Administration bias replicated that same bigoted policy at home when it favored Islamic candidates. 
Obama appointed Farooq Kathwari, the first name on the “Muslim list” sent to Podesta, to the President's Advisory Commission on Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. 
The “Muslim list” email had warned that, “Kathwari’s then 19-year-old American-educated son Irfan (aka Imran), was killed in 1992 fighting Jihad against the Russians in Afghanistan.” The actions of his son, who may have been with the Mujahedeen but was also apparently outraged over India’s defense of Kashmir, is of less relevance than Kathwari’s appearance at an ISNA conference and another conference co-sponsored by the Muslim Students Association. Both groups are linked to the Muslim Brotherhood. 
He co-chaired the American Muslim Task Force whose members included Salam Al-Marayati , Director of the Muslim Public Affairs Council, which has defended Hamas and Hezbollah, Yahya Basha, president of the American Muslim Council and a former board member of the Muslim Public Affairs Council, and assorted other Islamists . Its report complained that Muslims were inhibited from donating to “charities” run by Islamic terrorist groups such as Hezbollah. Yahya Basha also appeared on Obama’s Muslim list. 
Also listed was MPAC’s Aslam Abdullah who had claimed that “Zionists,” Christians and Hindus were behind the War on Terror. He had described Israel as an “apartheid state” and a “racist state.” 
The second Muslim on the list, Cyrus Amir-Mokri, was named assistant treasury secretary. He became the first Iranian to be named to such a high position and defended the Iran nuclear sellout. Mokri attended a meeting with members of the Iran Lobby at the White House. He also reportedly advised Obama on Iranian sanctions. 
Obama had famously told NASA boss Bolden that one of his three tasks at the space agency was Muslim self-esteem. But Bolden almost didn’t make it in. The Muslim list included two alternative candidates for NASA administrator. One of them, Dr. Charles Elachi of JPL was dismissed as “possibly Christian.” Indeed Elachi, who grew up admiring John Wayne and believes that American success is possible because it isn’t ""held back by the long-standing, ingrained systems and beliefs found in the Middle East"" would have been a rather poor fit. But it is deeply shameful and un-American that his potential NASA appointment questioned his religion. That is an inappropriate religious test that Obama must apologize for. 
The other name on the list however is Firouz Naderi, an Iranian board member of the Public Affairs Alliance of Iranian Americans which advocated in support of the Iran nuke sellout. 
Eboo Patel, whose name would frequently appear on lists of Islamists in the Obama administration, first made an appearance on the Muslim List. Despite his Islamist ties, he got the posting at the Advisory Council on Faith-Based Neighborhood Partnerships. Also listed were Keith Ellison, Andre Carson and Larry Shaw. Shaw sits on the board of CAIR. 
Dilawar Syed, the first name to appear on the list of possible appointments, was named to Obama’s Advisory Commission on Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. Syed is a co-founder and chair of the Asian Americans and Pacific Islander Victory Fund which has come out for Hillary Clinton. The secret Muslim list describes him as “animated by policy issues relating to the Muslim world.” A similar description is appended to the bio for Kashif Zafar who served as a Co-Chair of the South Asian American Leadership Council at the DNC. 
Also on the list was Hamid Biglari. Bloomberg described Biglari as ""Iran's Man in New York” and as the Iranian president’s “go-to guy in New York financial circles.” Biglari was a key Iran Lobby figure. 
The recently revealed secret Muslim list is deeply troubling. There should be no religious test for political appointments. Yet Obama had one. And his people sought to screen out Christians and favor Muslims. 
This represents behavior that is in Obama’s own words, “shameful” and “not American.” One can’t help but conclude that, based on his own principles, Obama is shameful and not American.",0
3208,Hillary Clinton & The Ghosts Of Watergate,"Hillary Clinton & The Ghosts Of Watergate Posted on Home » Headlines » World News » Hillary Clinton & The Ghosts Of Watergate 
Are Goldman Sachs et al. delusional? If there is any lesson to be learned from the ghosts of Watergate, it is that the big-money support of a leader who has lost the ability to deliver the goods crumbles very quickly as the endgame unfolds… 

From Charles Hugh Smith, Of Two Minds : 
If there is any lesson to be learned from the ghosts of Watergate, it is that the big-money support of a leader who has lost the ability to deliver the goods crumbles very quickly as the endgame unfolds. 
The parallels between Hillary Clinton and Richard Nixon are not legal–they are political: specifically, how can a leader crippled by scandal and cover-ups govern? 
In even blunter terms: how can a crippled politico deliver the goods to the special interests who bet their cash and political capital on the politico’s ability to deliver favors? 
Among the many ghosts of Watergate, one specter especially haunts Hillary: once the special interests and party stalwarts who defended you through every scandal and every cover-up–month after month and year after year, on the promise that you would deliver the goods upon ascending to the presidency–realize you are too damaged to deliver anything of value to anyone, why would they continue supporting you? 
Once a politico has to declare “I am not a crook” based on legalese rather than a moral foundation, that politico’s ability to lead has vanished. 
Hillary and her supporters rely entirely on legalese parsing of wrong-doing rather than on a self-explanatory, basic moral foundation of right and wrong. 
Declaring “I am not a crook” because the wrongdoing escapes prosecution is the same as declaring “I am above the law. “ I f the foundation of one’s ability to lead is a reliance on legal parsing and allies in the Department of Justice squashing investigations while handing out immunity like candy on Halloween, the political capital required to lead no longer exists. 
Ultimately, the President leads by moral persuasion. Even the political act of delivering the goods to the special interests that funded your campaign and your wealth must be backed by the moral authority of personal integrity and a morally grounded appeal to the common good. 
A politician who has effectively zero personal integrity is only as viable as his/her ability to deliver favors to the few (i.e. special interests) over the objections of the many. A reliance on cold-blooded horse-trading only works if the leader has enough political capital to arm-twist everyone into granting favors to allies and special interests. 
But this political capital rests on moral suasion and support earned not by issuing promises but by leading the nation through thorny thickets to solutions that work for the many, not just the few. 
Once the ability to lead has been lost, special interests can forget about getting favors. And once they realize their politico is a liability rather than an asset, self-preservation requires abandoning the liability as quickly as possible. 
It’s nothing personal, it’s just business. Anyone who thinks Hillary has the personal integrity to build sufficient political capital to lead is delusional. Anyone who believes Hillary has the moral foundation to deliver the goods to the myriad special interests that have funded her campaign and her personal wealth is equally delusional. 
Are Goldman Sachs et al. delusional? If there is any lesson to be learned from the ghosts of Watergate, it is that the big-money support of a leader who has lost the ability to deliver the goods crumbles very quickly as the endgame unfolds. 
Buy 2017 Gold Panda Coins and Buy 2017 Silver Panda Coins On Pre-Sale Now! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!",0
3209,Compare These Gun Death Rates: The U.S. Is in a Different World - The New York Times,"The mass shooting in Orlando on Sunday was appalling in scale: 49 killed in a single attack. But it’s not unusual for dozens of Americans to be killed by guns in a single day. Gun homicides are a common cause of death in the United States, killing about as many people as car crashes (not counting van, truck, motorcycle or bus accidents). Some cases command our attention more than others, of course. Counting mass shootings that make headlines and the thousands of Americans murdered one or a few at a time, gunshot homicides totaled 8, 124 in 2014, according to the F. B. I. This level of violence makes the United States an extreme outlier when measured against the experience of other advanced countries. Around the world, those countries have substantially lower rates of deaths from gun homicide. In Germany, being murdered with a gun is as uncommon as being killed by a falling object in the United States. About two people out of every million are killed in a gun homicide. Gun homicides are just as rare in several other European countries, including the Netherlands and Austria. In the United States, two per million is roughly the death rate for hypothermia or plane crashes. In Poland and England, only about one out of every million people die in gun homicides each year  —   about as often as an American dies in an agricultural accident or falling from a ladder. In Japan, where gun homicides are even rarer, the likelihood of dying this way is about the same as an American’s chance of being killed by lightning  —   roughly one in 10 million. In the United States, the death rate from gun homicides is about 31 per million people  —   the equivalent of 27 people shot dead every day of the year. The homicides include losses from mass shootings, like Sunday’s Orlando attack, or the San Bernardino, Calif. shooting last December. And of course, they also include the country’s vastly more common   killings. To give you a sense of how unusual America’s gun violence problem is, consider the daily death toll compared with other Western democracies. The chart below imagines that the populations of those countries were the same as the population of the United States. International comparisons help highlight how exceptional the United States is: In a nation where the right to bear arms is cherished by much of the population, gun homicides are a significant public health concern. For men 15 to 29, they are the   cause of death, after accidents and suicides. In other   countries, gun homicides are unusual events. Last year’s Paris attacks killed 130 people, which is nearly as many as die from gun homicides in all of France in a typical year. But even if France had a mass shooting as deadly as the Paris attacks every month, its annual rate of gun homicide death would be lower than that in the United States. The accompanying table shows the mortality rates for gun homicides in a variety of countries, along with a correspondingly likely cause of death in the United States. Our gun homicide numbers come from the Small Arms Survey, a Swiss nonprofit affiliated with the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies, and represent the average gun homicide death rates with data available in those countries between 2007 and 2012. (Data was unavailable for some countries in later years of that period). The United States death rates come from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention over those same years. There are more recent statistics on American gun deaths, like the F. B. I. number at the top of this article, but we chose these years to provide fair comparisons. We focused on the rates of gun homicides the overall rate of gun deaths is substantially higher, because suicides make up a majority of gun deaths in the United States and are also higher than in other developed countries. The table is not meant to make light of rare causes of death. Instead, we show them as a way to help think meaningfully about the differences among gun death rates. The rate of gun violence in the United States is not the highest in the world. In parts of Central America, Africa and the Middle East, the gun death rates are even higher  —   close to those from heart attacks and lung cancer in the United States. In neighboring Mexico, where a drug war rages, 122 people per million die in a gun homicide, a rate slightly higher than Americans’ death rate from pancreatic cancer. But the countries with those levels of gun violence are not like the United States in many other ways, including G. D. P. life expectancy and education. Among developed democracies, the United States is an outlier. Editor’s note: A version of this article was first published in December 2015 and was updated after the Orlando shootings. ",0
3210,Mexico Launches $50M Effort to Help Illegal Aliens in U.S.,"As the Trump Administration continues its efforts to round up criminal aliens, the Mexican government is beginning a nationwide campaign in the U. S. to help “protect” migrants. The campaign will be waged in all 50 Mexican consulates across the U. S.[It appears Mexico does not want criminal aliens in the United States returned to their country. “What changes today is that we are prioritizing legal matters over everything. Previously, we didn’t have the need to seek so much legal support for our people,” Miami’s Consul General Antonio Zabalgoitia told the Associated Press on Friday. “But now, we need to protect them against an eventual deportation. ”  The Trump Administration, under the leadership of Department of Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly, is conducting targeted enforcement actions against criminal aliens across the U. S. One effort, carried out in February, landed nearly 700 criminal aliens in detention. ICE officials are processing those criminal aliens for removal. “ICE conducts these kind of targeted enforcement operations regularly and has for many years,” Secretary Kelly said in a written statement obtained by Breitbart Texas. “The focus of these enforcement operations is consistent with the routine, targeted arrests carried out by ICE’s Fugitive Operations teams on a daily basis. ” To counter this effort, the Mexican consulates are joining up with law schools, immigration clinics, and nonprofit organizations that specialize in helping foreign nationals. The Mexican government will place attorneys in these facilities to provide assistance to those facing deportation, the AP reported. The consulates are also working with private law firms to provide assistance. During a meeting at the New York Consulate, Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray called the effort a “moral imperative. ” “It is something that we will continue to do by obligation and conviction,” the foreign minister told the AP. He expressed that the workload being faced by consulates is escalating rapidly. “I used to sign two birth certificates a week,” he said. “Only yesterday, I signed 15. ” Videgaray previously stated Mexico was allocating about $54 million to provide services to migrants living in the U. S. Breitbart News reported. The Mexican consulate in Houston described   conditions facing migrants. “The tolerance is gone. I think that’s the best way of describing it,” Oscar Solis, a first secretary of the Mexican consulate in Houston, told the AP. “It’s like in wars. They come for one person and many who are innocent —  or not really involved —  end up paying. ” The Mexican consulate in Houston serves about 500, 000 Mexican nationals who live in the area. Officials stated requests for Mexican birth certificates have increased by 50 percent since the Trump Administration’s crackdown began. Breitbart Texas visited the Houston consulates’ website to learn about the process for obtaining a birth certificate. The website lists the following steps: IMPORTANT: The name of the identification must match the name that appears in the birth certificate. 3. Provide the following information: Make the payment of rights: US $ 13 for each certified copy. Consular officials stated that 92 percent of Mexican birth certificates had been digitized, leaving eight percent to be digitized in the future, Mexican nationals who have overstayed visas are also requesting assistance from the consulates. In Phoenix, Gloria Portillo, a Mexican national who allowed her visa to expire three years ago, told the AP, “We’ve been here all of our lives, we have kids, and of course we’re afraid to be deported. ” The AP did not ask the Phoenix woman why she waited until this time to begin the process of renewing her legal status. She recently married an American citizen. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
3211,Forbes Mag: Iran Cool Destination for 2017 - Visitors Must Adapt to Sharia,"Forbes Magazine is promoting Iran as one of “The 10 Coolest Places to Go in 2017,” based on a review by Melissa Biggs Bradley, founder of the travel website Indagare. [“Indagare founder Melissa Biggs Bradley is excited about the trip she just completed, to Tehran, Isfahan, Shiraz and Persepolis,” the Forbes article states. “The country seemed to be on the verge last year, and that panned out.  “Tourism has doubled in the past year, Biggs Bradley notes, thanks to the 2015 nuclear agreement along with regular flights from London, Paris, Vienna, Istanbul, Dubai and Doha. ” “Visitors to Iran understand that they must adapt to Sharia law and customs, under which alcohol is strictly forbidden and women must wear hijabs, or headscarves, outside their rooms,” Biggs Bradley wrote. “Advanced visas are required for Americans, who must be accompanied by Iranian guides and may not visit Iranians in their homes. Visitors must also “skip alcohol and put up with basic hotels,” Biggs Bradley wrote in the review published early this year. “This is a destination for history buffs and connoisseurs of decorative arts who don’t mind basic rooms and food,” Biggs Bradley wrote. “It is not for sybarites [defined by Oxford Dictionary as “a person who is   in their fondness for sensuous luxury”] looking for nightlife or spas. ” Biggs Bradley wrote that first impressions when arriving in the country are “wholly inaccurate. ” “On the day that our Indagare Insider Trip arrived in Iran, the cover of the Tehran Times featured a photo of a march marking the anniversary of the United States embassy takeover,” Biggs Bradley wrote. “The next morning, we passed a giant mural on the side of a building depicting an American flag with falling rockets in the place of stripes and bearing the slogan ‘Down with the U. S.,’ “This jarringly inauspicious start to our trip proved a wholly inaccurate foreshadowing of what the rest of our weeklong experience in Iran would be,” Biggs Bradley wrote. “Throughout our stay, people on the streets, in bazaars, at museums and monuments would come up to our group to greet us, ask our impressions and thank us for coming. “I have never felt more genuinely welcomed by the local people in any of the more than 100 countries I have visited,” Biggs Bradley wrote. Biggs Bradley credited the nuclear deal brokered by the Obama administrations and others in the West for the increase in tourism in Iran. “According to the Tehran Times, the number of foreign tourists arriving in Iran has doubled since it signed a nuclear deal with six Western countries, including the United States, in January 2016, leading to the lifting sanctions,” Biggs Bradely wrote. According to the U. S. Department of State, Iran is not an ideal travel destination because of it being designated as the No. 1 state sponsor of terror through its ongoing funding and arming of terrorists groups around the world and its human rights abuses against its own citizens and visitors. The State Department’s travel warning on its website states its purpose is to: “Reiterate and highlight the risk of arrest and detention of U. S. citizens, particularly dual national  . Foreigners, in particular dual nationals of Iran and Western countries including the United States, continue to be detained or prevented from leaving Iran. U. S. citizens traveling to Iran should very carefully weigh the risks of travel and consider postponing their travel. U. S. citizens residing in Iran should closely follow media reports, monitor local conditions, and evaluate the risks of remaining in the country. Iranian authorities continue to unjustly detain and imprison U. S. citizens, particularly   including students, journalists, business travelers, and academics, on charges including espionage and posing a threat to national security. Iranian authorities have also prevented the departure, in some cases for months, of a number of   citizens who traveled to Iran for personal or professional reasons. U. S. citizens traveling to Iran should very carefully weigh the risks of travel and consider postponing their travel. ” The State Department’s Countrys Report on Terrorism 2015 details Iran’s ties to the most ruthless terrorism around the world. “Iran remained the foremost state sponsor of terrorism in 2015, providing a range of support, including financial, training, and equipment, to groups around the world  —   particularly Hizballah. Iran continued to be deeply involved in the conflict in Syria, working closely with the Asad regime to counter the Syrian opposition, and also in Iraq where Iran continued to provide support to militia groups, including Foreign Terrorist Organization Kata’ib Hizballah. In addition, it was implicated for its support to violent Shia opposition group attacks in Bahrain. Iran was joined in these efforts by Hizballah, which continued to operate globally, as demonstrated by the disruption of Hizballah activities in Peru in 2014 and Cyprus in 2015. ”",0
3212,‘Arrival’ Comes On Strong in a Generally Robust Box Office Weekend - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   Whether because of Veterans Day school closings, a postelection need to escape into fantasy or an unusually wide range of multiplex offerings, Hollywood had a very good weekend at the box office: Ticket sales in North America were up 47 percent compared with the same weekend last year, according to comScore. The top two movies were holdovers. The superhero movie “Doctor Strange” (Walt Disney Studios) was again No. 1, taking in an estimated $43 million, for a   total of $153 million and nearly $500 million worldwide. The animated “Trolls” (20th Century Fox) sold about $35. 1 million in tickets, for a   domestic total of $94 million. Then came a pair of new films. Paramount Pictures, showing signs life after a dreary run, powered Denis Villeneuve’s understated “Arrival” to roughly $24 million in ticket sales, a strong total that easily surpassed what most analysts had predicted. “Arrival,” a   mystery about a linguist tasked with decoding alien signals, received exceptional reviews, which helped turn out an older audience 85 percent of ticket buyers were over the age of 25. Starring Amy Adams and produced by a team that included Shawn Levy (known for the “Night at the Museum” series) “Arrival” was independently financed by Lava Bear and FilmNation for about $47 million. Paramount paid $20 million for certain rights. “Almost Christmas” (Universal Pictures) arrived to a solid $15. 6 million in ticket sales. A comedic drama with a predominantly black cast, “Almost Christmas” cost about $17 million to make. Reviews leaned toward the negative, but audiences gave the film an   grade in CinemaScore exit polls. Also of note: “Shut In” (Europa) a $10 million thriller starring Naomi Watts that received a    0 percent positive score on the Rotten Tomatoes review aggregation site, arrived to a dismal $3. 7 million in ticket sales “Moonlight” (A24) continued to dominate the   marketplace, generating about $5 million at the box office ahead of its nationwide expansion next weekend.",0
3213,"‘Who’s Miranda?’ Suspect in Kayak Killing Didn’t Understand Her Rights, Lawyer Says - The New York Times","GOSHEN, N. Y.  —   Angelika Graswald, the woman accused of killing her fiancé while on a kayak outing last year, asked an investigator who “Miranda” was  —   a few hours after she had been read her Miranda rights, according to testimony in a pretrial hearing here on Tuesday. In his   of the investigator, Ms. Graswald’s lawyer, Richard A. Portale, sought to show that his client, a native of Latvia, did not grasp the implications of the   police interrogation that preceded her arrest on    charges. “My client,” Mr. Portale said in court, “is asking, ‘What’s Miranda? Who’s Miranda? ’” The investigator, Donald DeQuarto, responded that he felt confident that earlier in the police interrogation, Ms. Graswald had comprehended her rights. “I asked her if she understood it, and she stated yes,” Mr. DeQuarto said. “I remember her reading the piece of paper and writing it onto a piece of paper, the Miranda warning. ” During the interrogation, Ms. Graswald admitted to removing the drain plug of the kayak that belonged to her fiancé, Vincent Viafore, and also tampering with his paddle. Mr. Viafore, 46, drowned on April 19, 2015, when his kayak capsized in rough water on the Hudson River. The Miranda warning is usually read to suspects at the start of a police interrogation. It alerts them to their right to remain silent and to obtain a lawyer, and is intended to preserve the admissibility of evidence at trial. The Miranda rights get their name from a case involving Ernesto Arturo Miranda, a laborer whose confession led to his conviction for armed robbery, kidnapping and rape. His appeal resulted in a landmark Supreme Court ruling in 1966 that said suspects must be informed of their right to legal representation and against  . The purpose of the pretrial hearing is to determine how investigators obtained their evidence. In the case against Ms. Graswald, 36, the case hinges largely on statements she made to the police, including the videotaped interrogation that Mr. Portale is trying to keep out of the trial. During the hearing, Mr. DeQuarto said that he had read Ms. Graswald her Miranda rights only after they had spoken for more than three hours at the police barracks in Orange County. The questioning came 10 days after Mr. Viafore’s kayak had capsized in the river an autopsy report ruled the cause of death a drowning and the manner of death homicide, citing the “kayak drain plug intentionally removed by other. ” Prosecutors say that Ms. Graswald was motivated by Mr. Viafore’s life insurance policy she stood to collect $250, 000 in benefits. The long interrogation followed an encounter earlier in the day between Ms. Graswald and the police on Bannerman Island, where the couple, who lived together in Poughkeepsie, N. Y. had rested the day he capsized. On the island, Ms. Graswald, who was laying a memorial wreath, had told Mr. DeQuarto that she felt “trapped” in the relationship and confessed to sabotaging his kayak, he said in earlier testimony. But Mr. Portale said the video of the   interrogation shows that around the seventh hour, Ms. Graswald appears not to have understood her rights, inquiring about “Miranda” as though it might be a person. In another strange detail in a case full of them, Mr. DeQuarto testified that Ms. Graswald suggested she was pregnant at the time of Mr. Viafore’s death. “Two hours in, she asks to use the bathroom,” Mr. Portale said to Mr. DeQuarto. “She comes back and she relates to you that maybe she just had a miscarriage. Do you remember that?” Mr. DeQuarto said he did remember. In other testimony, Susan McCardell, a volunteer gardener at Bannerman Island, said she saw Ms. Graswald in distress when she was with the officers on the island last spring. Investigators have testified that Ms. Graswald, who also volunteered on the island, seemed agitated. “They were bullying her she was crying,” Ms. McCardell said. “It was obvious to anyone it was not a good situation. She was unhappy, she was crying, she did not want to be alone. ” But she said Ms. Graswald indicated that Ms. McCardell should not stay. So did the officers, she testified. Ms. McCardell said one of the investigators told her: “She doesn’t really need you. She’s OK. ” Ms. McCardell said she returned a second time, about a   later, and found Ms. Graswald still in tears. “She was still crying. She was a little more agitated,” Ms. McCardell said. “I said: ‘Do you want me to stay? I think I should be here with you. ’” Her testimony contrasts with that of the investigators, who testified that while Ms. Graswald was agitated on the island, she seemed “  ” on the boat ride back to Police Headquarters. Ms. Graswald’s English skills could prove crucial to whether jurors are allowed to view the taped police interrogation. (A decision is expected in late July.) A native Russian speaker, Ms. Graswald arrived in the United States as an au pair more than 15 years ago. Mr. Portale has portrayed Ms. Graswald as struggling with English, but during the police investigation she demonstrated a sophisticated grasp of the language. In a video clip of the interrogation shown last fall on ABC’s “” a detective asked: “When you watched him in the water, was a part of you saying, ‘My worries are going away now?’ Were you almost . .. ” He paused, but she filled in the word, offering “euphoric. ” The detective said, “Euphoric that he was gone  —   you felt that way?” She answered, “I still do. ”",0
3214,Payday Loans’ Debt Spiral to Be Curtailed - The New York Times,"The payday loan industry, which is vilified for charging exorbitant interest rates on   loans that many Americans depend on, could soon be gutted by a set of rules that federal regulators plan to unveil on Thursday. People who borrow money against their paychecks are generally supposed to pay it back within two weeks, with substantial fees piled on: A customer who borrows $500 would typically owe around $575, at an annual percentage rate of 391 percent. But most borrowers routinely roll the loan over into a new one, becoming less likely to ever emerge from the debt. Mainstream banks are generally barred from this kind of lending. More than a dozen states have set their own rate caps and other rules that essentially prohibit payday loans, but the market is flourishing in at least 30 states. Some 16, 000 lenders run online and storefront operations that thrive on the hefty profits. Under the guidelines from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau  —   the watchdog agency set up in the wake of 2010 banking legislation  —   lenders will be required in many cases to verify their customers’ income and to confirm that they can afford to repay the money they borrow. The number of times that people could roll over their loans into newer and pricier ones would be curtailed. The new guidelines do not need congressional or other approval to take effect, which could happen as soon as next year. The Obama administration has said such curbs are needed to protect consumers from taking on more debt than they can handle. The consumer agency  —   which many Republicans, including Donald J. Trump, have said they would like to eliminate  —   indicated last year that it intended to crack down on the payday lending market. “The very economics of the payday lending business model depend on a substantial percentage of borrowers being unable to repay the loan and borrowing again and again at high interest rates,” said Richard Cordray, the consumer agency’s director. “It is much like getting into a taxi just to ride across town and finding yourself stuck in a ruinously expensive   journey. ” Lenders say the proposed rules would devastate their industry and cut vulnerable borrowers off from a financial lifeline. “Thousands of lenders, especially small businesses, will be forced to shutter their doors, lay off employees, and leave communities that already have too few options for financial services,” said Dennis Shaul, the chief executive of the Community Financial Services Association of America, a trade group for payday lenders. According to the group’s website, “More than 19 million American households count a payday loan among their choice of   credit products. ” The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau said the median fee on a storefront payday loan was $15 for every $100 borrowed. Both sides agree that the proposed rules would radically reshape the market. Loan volume could fall at least 55 percent, according to the consumer agency’s estimates, and the $7 billion a year that lenders collect in fees would drop significantly. That will push many small stores out of business, lenders say. The $37, 000 annual profit generated by the average storefront lender would instead become a $28, 000 loss, according to an economic study paid for by the trade association. Companies and individuals could go through the courts to try to overturn the rules or they could seek legislative action. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is a frequent target of scathing criticism from Republican lawmakers. Mr. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, has said that he wants to repeal or dismantle nearly all of the   act, the law passed in the aftermath of the financial crisis that created the agency. The Democratic presidential candidates generally support stricter lending rules. Senator Bernie Sanders has called for a 15 percent rate cap on all consumer loans and for post offices to become basic banking centers, a change that could “stop payday lenders from ripping off millions of Americans,” he said in a January speech. Hillary Clinton praised the payday lending proposals that the consumer agency released last year and urged her fellow Democrats to fight Republican efforts to “defang and defund” the agency. Consumer advocates are eager for new payday lending rules, but some say the bureau’s rules do not go far enough. “This misses the mark,” said Nick Bourke, a research director at the Pew Charitable Trusts, which has conducted extensive research on   lending. “The C. F. P. B. is proposing an underwriting process, which is helpful, but clearer product safety standards are needed. ” In particular, Mr. Bourke said he was frustrated that the agency had dropped a proposal to require that   loan payments consume no more than 5 percent of a borrower’s monthly income. The draft rules instead simply require that lenders make sure that customers can afford to repay the loans and still cover their basic living expenses and other debts. But others interested in consumer issues said they were happy for any new protections at all in an area of the lending market that has been operating as something of a Wild West. “We’ve been working toward this day for years,” said George Goehl, an executive director of People’s Action Institute, a group that says it fights for racial and economic justice. “For decades, predatory payday lenders have gotten away with taking money from people who didn’t have much to begin with. ” Candice Byrd, 29, is a former payday borrower who welcomes more restrictions on an industry she views as rapacious and destructive. In 2011, while working a sales job, she took out a $500 loan from a storefront in Bloomington, Ill. to help cover a car payment that was due. The loan had a   duration, but halfway through the period, the lender suggested that she roll it over into a new loan. “She was like, ‘You’re a good customer. This would be helpful for you,’” Ms. Byrd recalled. “It was the worst idea ever. ” The second loan set off a worsening cycle that lasted two years as Ms. Byrd borrowed repeatedly to cover the carrying costs on her mounting debt. Unable to pay her bills, she said, she lost her car and her apartment. To extricate herself, she walked away from her final two loans, leaving her credit report in tatters. Ms. Byrd now pays cash for anything she needs. She doubts that the rules the consumer agency has planned would have prevented her from going into debt, but they probably would have ended the cycle sooner. “These places want you to keep borrowing,” she said. “They don’t want you to climb out of the hole. ”",0
3215,What to Watch for in Fashion in 2017 - The New York Times,"So, the sparkly dresses and heat tech have been worn the ball, and the other shoe, has dropped. The year 2016 is over, and 2017 has begun. It’s no longer time to look back, but to look forward. And what do we see? When it comes to fashion  —   or more important, fashion as it affects life  —   there will be interesting times ahead. Here are some opening thoughts on what to watch for in the coming months. A new look in Washington and Paris. Pantsuits  —   at least on women  —   are out. So are the     look and the   look of men in   shirt sleeves. In Washington, we are entering the era of the boxy, oversize suit, the big knot, the   tie, and, maybe, European brands. As the Trump administration prepares to move into the executive wing, fashion  —   and the American capital  —   are preparing for a whole new style statement. The inauguration this month will throw down the gauntlet. What the   will wear (Brioni is my best guess) may ultimately be less significant than what his wife and eldest daughter will wear. Judging by the designs that Melania and Ivanka Trump wore on the campaign trail and on New Year’s Eve, the age of American designers in the White House may be over. On Dec. 31, after all, Melania celebrated in a black Dolce  Gabbana sheath (Stefano Gabbana, Instagramming the news, proudly joined the “I will dress Melania” camp). And previously, when stumping for her father, if not in her own brand, Ivanka opted for Roland Mouret and Alexander McQueen. If that pattern continues, that’s as big an upending of the soft status quo as anything Mr. Trump has pledged. Come Jan. 20, we’ll get the first real sense of what to expect. In France, where voters go to the polls in April and May, a   candidate, François Fillon, is known for combining Savile Row tailoring and Italian style, as well as for his fondness of red socks from Gammarelli (official tailor to the pope). By contrast, his   opponent, Marine Le Pen, has been characterized as promoting an image that is “mumsy” and “frumpy”  —   and not remotely   in contrast with Britain’s prime minister, Theresa May  —   perhaps to try to make her party, the formerly fringe National Front, more accessible. Either way, the   Pen oppositional   should have a   effect on fashion. Also on the runways. More upheaval on the  runways.  This year, the name to watch is indubitably Raf Simons, who makes his debut at Calvin Klein at New York Fashion Week in February, with a promise of shaking up the whole system. He’ll introduce his vision for the brand with a dual men’s and women’s wear show, thus giving his seal of approval to the new      trend, which extends from New York to London and Milan, and which includes Gucci, Burberry and Bottega Veneta. Think of it as the bandwagon of the sexes. And more cultural action off the runways. It’s going to be a banner year for fashion exhibitions. In February, in the middle of fashion month, Kensington Palace in London will host “Diana: Her Fashion Story,” a collection of garments worn by the princess in the 1980s and ’90s. In July, just before the couture shows kick off, the Musée des Arts Décoratifs in Paris  will present “Christian Dior. ” And in between those two openings, three major retrospectives will be unveiled in May: “Balenciaga: Shaping Fashion,” at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London “The World of Anna Sui,” at the Fashion and Textile Museum in London (the first retrospective of an American designer to be held in Britain) and, of course, “Rei   des Garçons” at the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s Costume Institute. The Met show should provide the best   moments of the year, as   gala attendees attempt to honor Ms. Kawakubo’s work, which focuses less on beauty than on the question of what clothing is. It should give new meaning to the concept of wearable art. Then there are the movies. On the subject of the Met and the Costume Institute gala: The   Party of the Year is set to play a pivotal role in the coming   remake of the film “Ocean’s 11,” called “Ocean’s 8. ” Then there’s a new crop of fashion biopics in the works, and they are doozies. Jack O’Connell has been signed to play Alexander McQueen in Andrew Haigh’s movie on the British designer, which is set to start filming in the spring Daniel   will channel Charles James for Paul Thomas Anderson’s    movie about the   couturier, who was the subject of a Met show in 2014 and on the small screen, Lady Gaga will be Donatella Versace in “ : American Crime Story,” the third season of the FX television drama. Will this help or hurt the increasingly intertwined relationship between Hollywood and high fashion? Reviews, and box offices, will tell. The wedding of the year. O. K. they haven’t set a date, but there’s little doubt that the marriage  of the tennis great Serena Williams and Alexis Ohanian,   of Reddit, is going to be a style grand slam. Between Ms. Williams’s avowed interest in fashion  —   see the outfits she designs for Nike, as well as her own line  —   and her willingness to take risks with tradition, her B. F. F. status with the American Vogue editor Anna Wintour, and her status as a crown princess of the BeyHive (see her appearance in Lemonade, this could put a whole new spin on nuptial trends. Pun intended.",0
3216,Time to take a stand against the Demonic Duo: Saudi Arabia and Qatar,"Time to take a stand against the Demonic Duo: Saudi Arabia and Qatar 28.10.2016 Stoning a child who was raped by a Saudi pig? There are two pariah states in the Middle East, two bedboys of the West and two lackeys which implement western policy, two traitors to the Arab people, two blasphemers against Islam, two foci of evil, two followers of demonology, named Saudi Arabia and Qatar. It is time someone stood up to these disgusting and cowardly bullies. Nobody in the west is going to say anything against Saudi Arabia or Qatar, basically because the west is the world's greatest hypocrite and coward and is governed by corporate greed, into which world the Demonic Duo has wormed its way, rubbing shoulders with the elite, educating their children in the best western schools, doing deals with piles of cash stacked on a table. The west is the Dynamic Duo's whore. Print version Font Size Nobody in the west is going to say anything to their faces, or course, which does not mean they do not speak behind their backs. In the corridors of power, Saudis and Qataris are collectively referred to as fat, lazy good-for-nothings who pretend to be soooo religious at home then as soon as their aircraft takes off they consume whisky or else jet off to Casablanca, Morocco where little boys are lined up for weekends of sexual depravity. What did the Prophet have to say about that? A gay man was stoned to death in Saudi Arabia, forced to sit while a furious crowd hurled stones at his head, bellowing God's will is great, God is great. Allahu Akhbar. Welcome to Saudi Arabia! They are criticized for their disgusting human rights records, their revolting abuses against women, their pig-faced arrogance, holier-than-thou attitude, aggressive and intrusive intolerance. And so what does the west have to say when Saudi Arabia and Qatar commit war crimes in Yemen? Nothing. What does the west have to say when these two countries flood Libya and then Syria with terrorists? Nothing. What does the west have to say when Saudi Arabia and Qatar fund Islamic State, directly or indirectly? Nothing . A Wikileaks document released recently apparently points towards US presidential candidate Hillary Clinton being aware of the fact that Saudi Arabia and Qatar fund Islamic State, directly or indirectly but does the United States of America hold them accountable? Enshrined in the law in most countries is the precept that it is illegal to aid or abet or finance criminal activity and doing so entails accountability. Let us then take the only course of action available. This is not to sell weapons to Saudi Arabia and Qatar under the notion that ""if we don't do it someone else will"" so to Hell with ethics. A certain foreign secretary may recognize these words. But this isn't the Bullingdon Club, it is the real world. Saudi Arabia and Qatar may have wallets stuffed full of notes and they may have a lot of oil to sell, weekend breaks in cushy hotels to offer, call girls or rent boys to send to secret addresses. The girl was 19 years old. She had been raped. In Saudi Arabia, it is her fault because she was ""asking for it"". So she was buried up to her neck in the sand and her head was smashed open with blocks of rocks. Allahu Akhbar! Welcome to Saudi Arabia ! But the fact of the matter is, these two countries have been guilty of murder not only in Yemen but also in Libya and now Syria and Iraq. If they finance Islamic State directly or indirectly, then they are responsible for the acts of the demons they have created and should be forced to pay compensation to the victims, pay compensation to the countries affected and pay for the cultural damage to world heritage. If these two pariah states have directly or indirectly funded Islamic State then they are both guilty of the crimes they have committed. Any business with them is paramount to criminal association and therefore the international community should cut off the cancer where it stands: no contact, no business, no travels. No Saudi, No Qatar, no problem. How the United States of America does business with these two blasphemers after 9/11 defies logic - it is like welcoming the rapist who murdered your daughter into your home and offering him a banquet. It is time someone stood up against Saudi Arabia and Qatar, called a spade a spade, it is time someone outed these two pariah states for what they are, it is time Moslems themselves stood up against them. Saudi Arabia claims it is the home of Islam, organizes the Hajj and declares itself as being the defender of the faith but in fact in its acts it is the worst blasphemer of all, committing murder and masterminding, directly or indirectly, the satanic acts of Islamic State. But Saudi Arabia donates some 20 per cent of the Clinton campaign funding. So if Hillary Clinton wins, this satanic pariah, re-elected to the UN Human Rights Council recently, will continue to act as it pleases. Remember 9/11 anyone? Let's go kiss the Saudi's butt. Saudi Arabia and Qatar are an insult to Islam and to the international community. Mohammed must be disgusted with them. 
Timothy Bancroft-Hinchey",0
3217,Assassination attempt at Reno Trump rally?,"Assassination attempt at Reno Trump rally? What other surprises lurk in the final hour? November 5, 2016 RENO, Nev. ( INTELLIHUB ) — An assassination attempt was potentially a narrow miss at a Trump rally Saturday night. Right Side Broadcasting/YouTube 
The attempt, of some type, occurred at 9 p.m. and caused a commotion throughout the crowed, just before Republican Presidential Nominee Donald J. Trump was rushed off stage by Secret Service. 
The suspect was removed and detained. 
Watch what happened: WATCH: Donald Trump rushed off stage by Secret Service agents during event in Reno, Nevada. https://t.co/PXCTYaDaeJ pic.twitter.com/Zf8ORObAQt 
— ABC News (@ABC) November 6, 2016 
Watch the full rally here: 
“Nobody is going to stop this movement. Nobody,” a man said who took the mic during the chaos. 
“Trump, Trump, Trump […],” the crowed cheered. 
“Nobody said it was going to be easy for us, but we will never be stopped,” Trump said as he retook the stage minutes later to a cheering crowd. 
It was also reported that at least two people in the crowd ‘saw a gun.’ 
#Trump2016",0
3218,Theater Behind ’Trump’-Stabbing ’Julius Caesar’ Refuses to Back Down,"NEW YORK (AP)  —   The Public Theater is refusing to back down after backlash over its production of “Julius Caesar” that portrays a Donald   dictator in a business suit with a long tie who gets knifed to death onstage. [Delta Air Lines and Bank of America have pulled their sponsorship of the Public’s version of the play, but in a statement Monday the theater said it stands behind the production. It noted its staging has “provoked heated discussion” but “such discussion is exactly the goal of our   theater this discourse is the basis of a healthy democracy. ”  Other defenders included Scott M. Stringer, the New York City comptroller, who wrote letters to the heads of Delta and Bank of America, arguing that dropping their support “sends the wrong message. ” He writes: “Art matters. The First Amendment matters. Expression matters. ” He enclosed copies of the play with the letters. “I hope you enjoy it  —   it is a classic, in any age,” he wrote. This   Caesar’s violent death at the hands of conspirators comes not long after comedian Kathy Griffin was widely condemned for posing for a photograph in which she gripped a bloodied rendering of Trump’s head. Though the Public’s version of William Shakespeare’s classic play is unchanged from its    original, the production portrays Caesar with a gold bathtub and a pouty Slavic wife. Trump’s name is never mentioned, but backlash was swift. On Sunday, Donald Trump Jr. retweeted a Fox News story about the play and wrote, “I wonder how much of this ‘art’ is funded by taxpayers? Serious question, when does ‘art’ become political speech  does that change things?” Delta responded by saying “artistic and creative direction crossed the line on the standards of good taste. ” Bank of America said the Public chose to present the play “to provoke and offend” without the bank’s knowledge: “Had this intention been made known to us, we would have decided not to sponsor it. ” “Julius Caesar” ends its run Sunday. The comedy “A Midsummer Night’s Dream” begins in the park on July 11. The National Endowment for the Arts, which Trump, a Republican, once proposed eliminating, said that while the Public’s Shakespeare programing has received its grants in the past none was awarded for “Julius Caesar” or for funds supporting the New York State Council on the Arts’ grant for the Public. Theater lovers were quick to point out that a national tour of “Julius Caesar” in 2012 by The Acting Company featured a Caesar played by a black actor in a modern business suit who had a resemblance to   Barack Obama, a Democrat. Sponsors of the Guthrie Theater, including Delta, apparently had no objections when that show landed in Minneapolis. The Public has long protected its role as incubator of provocative and challenging works, unafraid to mount plays that comment on current events or update Shakespearian plays to explore modern themes. It’s had Trump in its sights before. It’s the institution that birthed the megahit “Hamilton,” whose cast members last year implored Vice   Mike Pence to support diversity, and where Meryl Streep donned   and a fat suit last summer to impersonate Trump at a gala fundraiser. Laurence Maslon, an administrator and arts professor at New York University’s Tisch School of the Arts, said it was disingenuous for large corporations that have backed the Public for years and enjoyed   its downtown cool vibe to sound alarmed now. “You’ve got to know what you’re getting into,” he said, adding that the Public has “50 years of the most provocative, politically engaged work. ” He backed the “Julius Caesar” director, Oskar Eustis, saying he’s “nothing if not brave. ” The Public produced “Embedded,” Tim Robbins’   2003 riff on the events leading to the war in Iraq that had actors portraying hawkish presidential advisers wearing masks with grotesque facial expressions. In 2006, Eustis dedicated the summer season in Central Park to three works that focused on foreign affairs  —   “Stuff Happens,” in which David Hare looked at the debates in Washington in the   to the Iraq war, a militaristic production of “Macbeth” set in the early 20th century and a “Mother Courage” with a new translation by Tony Kushner that had references to tax exemptions for the rich. Maslon said he thinks any loss of funding the Public experiences from corporate defectors will be compensated for by donations from liberal   groups and people worried about the apparent threat to artistic freedom. “I can imagine any sense that this political regime is imposing a kind of censorship and the free market can help correct it will probably be good for the Public,” he said. The Public isn’t the only theater project trying to address the advent of Trump. On Broadway, Jon Jon Briones, who plays the sleazy Engineer in a revival of “Miss Saigon,” makes a sarcastic reference to the Trump campaign slogan, “Make America Great Again. ” The recent   play “Building the Wall,” by playwright Robert Schenkkan, imagined the country under Trump’s campaign promise to detain immigrants living in the country illegally. And filmmaker and activist Michael Moore is bringing a   show taking on Trump to Broadway this summer.",0
3219,Jerusalem Truck Terrorist’s Sister: We’re Thankful To Allah For His ’Saintly’ Death,"TEL AVIV  —   The sister of a Palestinian terrorist who plowed his truck into a group of soldiers in Jerusalem on Sunday, killing four and wounding 16, said the family was “thankful” for his “most beautiful martyrdom. ”[“Praise be to Allah that he became a martyr. It is the most beautiful kind of saintly death,” Fadi al Qanbar’s sister Shadia, 28, told Palestinian media.  “Allah chose him for this martyrdom. Thank God. We are patient and we thank Allah for this,” she added. Shadia said her brother was not a member of any terror group and had acted on his own. She added that Qanbar, a father of four, was devoutly religious. Qanbar rammed his truck into a crowd of cadets and officers who were touring the promenade overlooking the Old City of Jerusalem in the southern neighborhood of Armon Hanatziv. According to eyewitnesses, after the terrorist ran his flatbed truck over the soldiers, he reversed over them a second time. All four of the soldiers who died were in their twenties, and three of them were women.   terror group Hamas on Sunday praised the attack as a “heroic” act and encouraged other Palestinians to do the same and “escalate the resistance. ” In the coastal enclave, Palestinians were photographed giving out sweets to passing drivers in celebration of the attack. Hamas spokesman   Qanou said the   attack showed that the wave of Palestinian violent “resistance” against Israel has not ceased. “It may be quiet, it may linger, but it will never end,” he said. At least nine people have been arrested in connection with the attack, mostly members of the Qanbar family. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said there are signs Qanbar may have supported the Islamic State. He also suggested a connection between Sunday’s attack and the truck rammings in Berlin and Nice last year.",0
3220,"Four-Time Deported MS-13 Gang Member Charged in Child Rape, Stabbing 2 Women","An   gang member from El Salvador is facing a possible life sentence after allegedly raping a    girl, stabbing her mother, and stabbing another woman.  The Salvadoran national, Tommy Vladim   31, pleaded not guilty in a Hempstead, New York courtroom on Thursday. The judge ordered the   deported criminal alien held without bond, CBS News reported. The incident reportedly began when   got into an argument with a woman over a marijuana deal. The argument spilled over into the parking lot where he allegedly stabbed her. She suffered a collapsed lung. Officials have not released her name. After stabbing the woman, the   gang member returned to an apartment where the    girl lived with her mother. The mother was at work at the time, acting Nassau County Police Commissioner Thomas Krumpter told reporters. At that point, he allegedly sexually assaulted the little girl before the mother returned home. When she arrived at the apartment and discovered her daughter’s condition, an argument broke out, and   stabbed her. She managed to barricade herself in another part of the apartment and called the police for help. Police arrived to find the Salvadoran national asleep. They took him into custody without incident. Commissioner Krumpter told the reporters gathered at a press conference this crime is “probably the most heinous criminal act I’ve ever seen. ” “It really is nauseating,” he concluded. “It doesn’t usually affect us like that in law enforcement, but in this particular case, it’s unprecedented. ” WABC reported the man left the little girl at home, alone and crying, before going to meet the first stabbing victim at the bar. Neighbors told police they could hear the girl crying at about 12:30 a. m. After getting into an argument with the woman, he reportedly stabbed her multiple times and sliced the inside of her mouth. Doctors examined the    little girl and confirmed she had been sexually assaulted. Officials stated that Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers deported   to his home country of El Salvador four times over a   period ending in 2011. There is no record of when he returned to the U. S. following his fourth deportation. His criminal history includes charges of drunk driving, assault, false impersonation, and contempt of court. He now faces charges of predatory sexual assault of a child, attempted murder, assault, and criminal possession of a weapon, officials reported. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
3221,Trump Presidency Creates Mountains Of Salt From Butthurt Liberals,"Rejoice, gentlemen! The tears of liberals are flowing freely, as Donald Trump has recently been announced president. All of the hard work that we’ve committed ourselves to over the past year has finally come to a close. It’s truly an event of the ages: a hard working, American businessman beat out the globalist titans and Satanic elite.
In the spirit of this great victory, I believe that we’re all entitled to some enjoyment. This article will be solely dedicated to bathing in liberal tears; and, mark my words, it will be glorious. This is the beginning of the end of SJWism, and I think it’s high time we soak in the fruits of our labor.
Hillary HQ: Morale Obliterated Sorry guys, there’s no brakes on the #TrumpTrain
As poll results came in, moving Trump from a measly 2% chance to a whopping 95% chance of seizing the presidency, libtards began crying all across the nation. Turns out that America does not, in fact, want their Lord and Savior Hillary Rodham Christ, to be president of the free world.
Note the sour expression of the woman on the far right.
Unfortunately for you guys, Trump has won the presidency. Sorry illegals—you’re out. SJWism is coming to an end, the mainstream media is dying off, and we’re going to make America great again.
“You mean we won’t be letting in 60,000 violent refugees? Oh no!”
Here’s a video compilation:

#TheShakening 

Too late. He won.




#LiterallyShaking

Literally Can’t Even Literally (Literally) Hitler 



As am I, Frosty. As am I.

The Regressive Left Can’t Cope with Reality 
If you’re having this much trouble dealing with Trump’s presidency, you shouldn’t even be allowed to vote.



She doesn’t realize that Democrats keep the black population down by giving them free handouts and encouraging squalor.




Oh, the feels! How can these people lead our country when they can’t even contain their emotions?
Professional Victim And Concern Trolling Olympics 


Meanwhile At Trump HQ 
Notice the general lack of high-estrogen men. Most of these guys don’t seem to be lacking in testosterone.

This man is giving a toast to Donald Trump. “To making America great again!”



Thank You Mr. President! Let’s #MAGA Read More: Wall Street, Hollywood, The Media And SJWs Fail To Stop Donald Trump From Becoming America’s Next President 
",0
3222,Two Books Argue the Case for Police Reform From Within - The New York Times,"WHEN POLICE KILL By Franklin E. Zimring Illustrated. 305 pp. Harvard University Press. $35. UNWARRANTED Policing Without PermissionBy Barry Friedman434 pp. Farrar, Straus  Giroux. $28. It is, to hear the new president’s posse tell it, an exceptionally dangerous and thankless time to be a police officer in the United States. In the streets, we are told, there is a “war on cops,” fired up by the activists of Black Lives Matter. In the corridors of Washington, liberals want to deny law enforcement the powers they need to keep us safe. The media runs endless video loops of a few police shootings of civilians, and the Justice Department nannies swoop in to take charge of this most local of public functions. Facing harsh scrutiny, demoralized cops hesitate to do their jobs  —   a phenomenon called “ . ” No wonder some police forces are having a hard time recruiting. Now two legal scholars challenge that bleak portrayal with timely,   arguments that, in fact, police have been given more power than they need, have too frequently abused it, and are the least accountable of our public servants. In Donald J. Trump’s    world, these assertions may be dismissed as the products of progressive academic hothouses (Franklin E. Zimring teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley Barry Friedman at New York University) but they come from reputable scholars, armed with facts and respectful of good policing. Zimring’s book, “When Police Kill,” is essentially a   riff on a single statistic: Roughly 1, 000 Americans die each year at the hands of the police. There are several remarkable things about that number. First, it is about double the official counts by agencies of the Justice Department, an extraordinary margin of error for something so important. (The higher, and now generally accepted, estimate of deadly encounters comes from investigative reporting by The Washington Post and The Guardian. The paucity of good official data as a   handicap is a major theme in both books.) Second, the civilian body count does not seem to be declining, even though violent crime generally and the   deaths of police officers are down sharply. Third, as in so many aspects of criminal justice, violence by police and against police are orders of magnitude greater than in other developed countries. (Credit our promiscuous affair with handguns.) Fourth, police kill   at more than double their share of the population, a phenomenon Zimring painstakingly demonstrates is not explained by higher crime rates in black neighborhoods. Zimring calls this “a civil rights crisis that nobody had seen on the horizon”  —   until the anger that boiled up after the 2014 shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo. and the subsequent cases recorded on bystander video. Fifth, about 400 of these targets of deadly force carried no firearm, and more than 100 had no weapon of any kind. Sixth, the average number of those 1, 000 deaths per year that result in felony convictions of a police officer: one. Zimring’s most explosive assertion  —   which leaps out of a work that is mostly   nuance  —   is that police leaders don’t care. “The circumstantial evidence suggests that police departments do not regard whether the victims of police shootings live or die as a matter of great moment,” he writes. Zimring argues that unnecessary deaths are excused by rules of engagement that encourage cops to keep firing after a suspect no longer represents a real threat, and by fake science, like the “  rule,” which holds, on the basis of no credible evidence, that a subject with a knife represents a lethal menace if he gets within 21 feet. The default assumption is that a perceived threat is real and a police killing is righteous. To Zimring’s point, the F. B. I. compiles its unaudited reports of these deaths under the rubric “Justifiable Homicide, by Weapon, Law Enforcement. ” Barry Friedman’s broader and more accessible book looks beyond the lethal use of force at the many other ways the Fourth Amendment protection against “unreasonable searches and seizures” has been ignored or stretched in the name of public safety. The   litany of invasive policing practices  —   SWAT teams, stop and frisk, sobriety roadblocks, airport security, CCTV cameras, use of informants  —   is steadily being expanded by technology to include   readers, “Stingray” cellphone interceptors, facial recognition software, warrantless collection of metadata and archives of DNA samples. Friedman’s case  —   illuminated with stories of hapless civilians encountering excesses of force or surveillance  —   is not that police should be denied the best tools, but that there should be clear rules. More often than not, the rules are ambiguous, the prosecutors are reluctant to pursue excesses because they have a symbiotic relationship with police, and judges have hesitated to apply the Constitution to perplexing questions raised by new policing capabilities. Does using an infrared heat detector to discover a pot farmer’s basement grow lights constitute a search? What about attaching a GPS device to a suspect’s car? “The authority to use force on citizens and to conduct surveillance of them  —   the powers that define policing and set it apart  —   may be necessary to maintain order, but those are the most awesome powers we grant any public servants,” Friedman writes. “We have categorically failed to offer clear guidance to policing agencies as to what they are to do (or refrain from doing). ” Friedman and Zimring say the solution to abusive policing is not ensuring prosecutors and grand juries are more independent (though they favor both). Nor should we expect an easy fix from body cams or “community policing” strategies that attempt to turn police into neighborhood ombudsmen, a job for which they have neither the will nor the training. Ultimately both writers look to police leadership, noting that the blue culture will not be moved by reforms imposed from outside. “The main arena for the radical changes necessary to save many hundreds of civilian lives . ’u2008. ’u2008. is the local police department, not the federal courts or Congress, not state government, not local mayors or city councils, not even the hearts and minds of the police officers on the streets,” Zimring writes. Courts and legislatures can bring pressure to bear, but “until police departments become willing to spend time, money and management effort on resolving conflicts without killings, nothing significant can happen. ” “Yes, the police,” Friedman agrees. “They are, after all, the experts. ” Friedman, who is a constitutional lawyer, puts much of the blame on courts for failing to demand that police show probable cause and obtain warrants, and more generally for letting police invade our privacy in new ways without a prerequisite of open, democratic debate. But the ultimate culprit is us. “What’s notable is that when there is transparency, when public dialogue occurs, policy unequivocally does change,” Friedman says. He illustrates with examples of communities where   public engagement led to regulation of Stingray cellphone intercepts, body cavity searches, the militarization of police arsenals, and stop and frisk. The   bluster of the new administration notwithstanding, there are plenty of police leaders who will concur with much of what Zimring and Friedman say. In the more enlightened police training academies, the mantra is that cops should see themselves as “guardians,” not “warriors,” and there is an increasing emphasis on   over confrontation. But these will remain exceptional unless the public demands better. To paraphrase the French philosopher Joseph de Maistre, every country gets the police it deserves.",0
3223,Hedge Fund Titan’s Surefire Bet Turns Into a $4 Billion Loss - The New York Times,"A little over two years ago, William A. Ackman, one of Wall Street’s brashest and most   hedge fund managers, was on top of the world. A billionaire before he hit 50, he was generating   gains for his investors and raking in hundreds of millions in fees for his firm and himself. Hailed as a master investor, he clinched his highflier status in the fall of 2014 by paying $90 million with some friends to buy the penthouse at One57, a    aerie in Midtown Manhattan overlooking Central Park. He didn’t plan to live there  —   it was an investment property  —   but until he sold it, the apartment would make a good party space, he told The New York Times. If Mr. Ackman were a stock, that might have been his peak. Today, things are very different for him. His company’s performance is way down, he is in the midst of an expensive divorce, and on March 13, he and investors in funds run by Pershing Square Capital Management swallowed a $4 billion loss on Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, a beleaguered drug company. As bad bets go, it was one for the record books. Valeant was a big Pershing Square holding. In May 2015, Mr. Ackman said Valeant’s acquisition strategy made it “a very   Berkshire,” referring to Berkshire Hathaway, Warren E. Buffett’s investment vehicle. But only a few months later, Mr. Ackman and his investors began riding Valeant’s shares all the way from $262 to $11, driven both by rival investors who had bet against Valeant’s shares and former fans who dumped the stock as bad news emerged. As much as Mr. Ackman and investors in his $11 billion firm would like to close the book on Valeant, they cannot do so quite yet. That’s because of a   lawsuit in a federal court in California contending that he and his firm violated securities laws in 2014. According to the plaintiffs, Pershing Square secretly acquired a stake in the pharmaceutical giant Allergan based on nonpublic information from Valeant that it intended to mount a takeover bid. This is not just any lawsuit. Damages in the case may be $2 billion, as noted by the judge who certified the litigation as a class action Wednesday. Mr. Ackman’s lawyers, who in court hearings have put potential damages at less than $1 billion, are vigorously contesting the case and contend there is no liability. Defendants in the matter, which has not received a lot of publicity recently, are Mr. Ackman, his funds, Valeant and J. Michael Pearson, the company’s former chief executive. The case is entering a crucial stage. Court documents indicate that Mr. Ackman and Mr. Pearson have either been deposed by lawyers for the plaintiffs or will be questioned under oath soon. The documents also show that Mr. Ackman must set aside 12 hours to answer questions. Mr. Pearson was the architect of Valeant’s business model, in which the company acquired drugmakers and jacked up prices on their products. Mr. Ackman, 50, is one of the country’s   activist investors  —   taking large positions in companies and trying to use that weight to influence their direction and  . Initially, Mr. Ackman praised Mr. Pearson’s strategy of acquiring rivals rather than developing drugs internally. Mr. Ackman declined to comment on the mistakes he made in Valeant or the lessons he gleaned from the loss. In a statement, Pershing Square noted that the firm “has generated billions of dollars of profits for its investors and double the stock market returns since the inception of the firm inclusive of our large loss on Valeant. ” “Unfortunately,” it continued, “we cannot guarantee that every one of our investments will be successful. We regret the loss which occurred due to Valeant board and management decisions made prior to our active engagement with the company. Over the past year, as members of the new board of directors, we have taken important steps to stabilize the company, including replacing prior management, which positions the company for a better and more profitable future. ” The stock market is a humbling place, where even astute investors make many mistakes. Mr. Ackman is by no means the only money manager to have erred in assessing a company’s prospects. But as loosely regulated hedge funds have grown both in number and in power recently, a cult of personality has arisen. Unlike mutual funds, which employ ranks of portfolio managers, hedge funds like Pershing Square are dominated by the people who run them. Investors in Mr. Ackman’s firm are essentially placing a bet on him, his acumen and his discipline. Some investment managers  —   Mr. Ackman’s peers and rivals  —   say that his Valeant wager raises questions about his investment style. His failure to limit his losses on the trade and his unusual public comments as a Valeant director, in which he cheered the company’s management and strategies even as its business was collapsing, are viewed as troubling. D. Ellen Shuman is the veteran manager of Edgehill Endowment Partners, which oversees $650 million in nonprofit money. She evaluates money managers for her clients and said she had avoided investing in Pershing Square. Why? “It is all about Bill Ackman,” she said in a recent telephone interview. “It is not about his investors or the companies in which he is investing. ” As confident a money manager as ever walked Wall Street, Mr. Ackman has acknowledged that his investment in Valeant represented a breakdown in his firm’s due diligence  —   the research it does about the companies it backs. That concession came last spring when he was called to testify before a Senate committee on Valeant’s drug pricing practices. In an email to The New York Times, Pershing Square said, “Valeant is an anomaly in an outstanding record over nearly 14 years. ” But while his funds notched an exceptional 40 percent gain in 2014  —   much of it attributable to the Allergan trade that has drawn the lawsuit  —   Mr. Ackman’s funds lost 13. 5 percent last year and 20. 5 percent in 2015. Through March 15, Pershing Square is flat. Other hedge funds have turned in poor performances as well in recent years. And it is not clear whether or to what extent Mr. Ackman’s investors have reacted to his firm’s losses by fleeing. Pershing Square declined to disclose redemption figures. As is typical with hedge funds, Pershing Square has rules governing client redemptions. In many cases, clients can withdraw only 12. 5 percent every quarter over two years this prevents a run on the operation amid a mass of redemptions. And several years ago, Mr. Ackman astutely raised permanent capital with a stock offering in Europe, another cushion against a run on the firm. Still, his Valeant flop naturally brings to mind some of his previous   mistakes. These include investments in the retailers Target and J. C. Penney, where he installed a chief executive who quickly crashed. And his protracted $1 billion crusade against Herbalife, a maker of health supplements, has lost money for his investors. Finally, there’s his previous hedge fund, Gotham Partners, which ran into trouble when clients redeemed and its illiquid investments could not be sold quickly. He wound down that firm in 2003, and founded Pershing Square later that year. One reason so many on Wall Street have been riveted by Mr. Ackman’s   Valeant bet is that it seems to confirm an   investing truth: Karma has everyone’s address. For example, Mr. Ackman’s $4 billion loss in Valeant more than wiped out the $2. 2 billion he made in 2014 on Allergan. Mr. Ackman had never invested in the pharmaceutical industry when he put over $3 billion into Allergan. Pershing had avoided such companies, Mr. Ackman told investors in April 2014, because they don’t generate predictable cash flows. Pershing preferred companies like Burger King and Kraft, whose strong brands protected them from competitors. After generating a quick $2. 2 billion profit in Allergan, Mr. Ackman continued his new interest in pharma. In March 2015, Pershing began putting about $4 billion into Valeant. Initially, Mr. Ackman swooned over the company. At an investing conference in May 2015, he said, “We spent a year working with Valeant trying to take over Allergan, and one of the frustrations we had, as we got to see Valeant trading at $110 a share, was that we couldn’t buy the stock. ” He added: “But the moment we could, we bought it. You could say we’re late to the party. ” Mr. Ackman was more correct than he knew about coming late to his big Valeant purchase. His average cost was $190 per share. At first, the investment scored. On July 23, 2015, Valeant reported blowout financial results by early August, the stock had topped $262 a share. Although few suspected it, that was the zenith for Valeant. By September the stock had fallen to around $160. In October came a report from Citron Research, by the   Andrew Left. Its headline: “Valeant  —   Could This Be the Pharmaceutical Enron?” The report delved into Valeant’s association with a shadowy specialty pharmacy operation known as Philidor. Valeant shares skidded to $110 on the news. On Oct. 30, Mr. Ackman battled back with a   conference call defending Valeant. The company was sound, he said, and although its stock would recover slowly, he expected it to hit $400 within three years. Investors weren’t convinced the stock closed down 16 percent that day. “We held the call to respond to a large number of investor questions we received,” Pershing Square said in an email last week to The Times. “We presented our point of view and analysis based on the facts that we had at the time. We continued to hold the stock at that time because we believed there continued to be substantial upside on our investment. ” From then on, Valeant was essentially in free fall. In late December 2015, Mr. Pearson took a medical leave. In March 2016, Mr. Ackman joined Valeant’s board and the company announced it would replace Mr. Pearson. Hauled before congressional hearings about escalating drug prices in April, Mr. Ackman apologized for Valeant’s mistakes, vowing to use his position on the board to change the company. As Valeant’s business flagged, investors began focusing on its $30 billion debt, taken on to acquire companies. Clearly the company was going to have to sell assets to pay it down, but as analysts noted, Valeant had typically overpaid for acquisitions selling those units might not generate gains. Mr. Ackman continued to defend Valeant publicly, an unusual stance for a corporate director. In May 2016, after Charlie Munger, Berkshire Hathaway’s vice chairman, criticized Valeant’s business model and called the company “a sewer,” Mr. Ackman took to CNBC. And in July of that year, he told an interviewer that Valeant’s phone was ringing off the hook because so many companies wanted to buy the assets it was selling. By this time, the stock had drifted down into the $20s. The company’s business was faltering, and it was under investigation by regulators and the Justice Department, inquiries that had come about before Mr. Ackman joined the board and are continuing. For 2016, Valeant reported a $2. 4 billion loss. Last Monday, Mr. Ackman had had enough. Pershing dumped its Valeant stake at roughly $11 a share. As this calamity played out, Mr. Ackman was also fighting the Allergan lawsuit in California. The plaintiffs were investors who had missed out on gains in Allergan stock in 2014 because they had sold shares without knowing about Valeant’s impending bid, while Pershing Square, which did know about it, was buying Allergan shares. They contended that Valeant and Pershing Square violated securities laws, which prohibit fraudulent, deceptive or manipulative actions in connection with a tender offer. It would have been very costly for Valeant to finance a takeover of Allergan instead it struck an agreement on Feb. 25, 2014, allowing Pershing Square to take a nearly 10 percent stake in Allergan to support Valeant’s takeover efforts. If the bid succeeded, wonderful. But if another offer topped it, Valeant would receive 15 percent of any profits generated by Pershing Square when it sold its Allergan stock to the acquirer. Pershing set up an entity called PS Fund 1 and began buying. By April 21, it held a 9. 7 percent stake in Allergan worth $3. 2 billion, court documents show. But the arrangement between Pershing Square and Valeant was not disclosed until the following day, when Valeant said it intended to acquire Allergan. Discussing the arrangement, Mr. Pearson said, “Having Bill out there in the public” was a plus. “He doesn’t give up. ” Allergan rejected Valeant’s offer and was acquired by Actavis P. L. C. a   pharmaceutical company, the next November. Tendering its shares, Pershing Square made a $2. 6 billion profit it gave $400 million of that to Valeant. Critics of the arrangement cried foul, contending that Pershing had profited from its knowledge of Valeant’s impending bid, essentially   the deal, or trading on nonpublic information. And a month later, investors filed suit against Valeant and Pershing Square. Mr. Ackman and his lawyers have contended that Pershing Square did not violate any   laws. Still, the case continues to advance under Judge David O. Carter of the Federal Court for the Central District of California. Lawyers for Mr. Ackman have argued in court that a January order from the Securities and Exchange Commission fining Allergan $15 million for disclosure failures during the Valeant bid supports their case. Because the agency looked hard at the transaction and did not cite violations by Pershing and Valeant in its order, the transaction passed muster, the lawyers contended. But Judge Carter expressed skepticism. According to the transcript of a Feb. 13 hearing, he questioned why he should accept the S. E. C. order as a finding of fact in the Allergan case. Although he said he would consider the order, he told the lawyers, “Don’t hang your hat on it. ” Of course, cases like the one Mr. Ackman faces often settle for far less than the amount of estimated damages, and Pershing remains a very wealthy fund, with $11 billion in assets. Asked if any of its clients had expressed concern about the case, Pershing declined to comment. Still, Mr. Ackman recently persuaded Valeant to agree to pay 60 percent of any settlement that might arise in the case. Struggling Valeant, however, does not have a big cash cushion to contribute toward a   legal case. And the settlement deal, described in a regulatory filing on Feb. 13, expires in November. It is unclear what will happen after that. A Valeant spokesman provided a statement saying, “We are pleased to have entered into this agreement to resolve issues that could have affected our joint defense of the Allergan litigation and enhance our ability to defend against the plaintiffs’ allegations as we continue to work without distraction on nurturing and growing our mutual business interests. ” Wall Street will definitely be watching as Mr. Ackman tries to recover from the Valeant investment. For now, the normally loquacious money manager has gone quiet.",0
3224,"In Scotland, Trump Built a Wall. Then He Sent Residents the Bill. - The New York Times","BALMEDIE, Scotland  —     Donald J. Trump has already built a wall  —   not on the border with Mexico, but on the border of his exclusive golf course in northeastern Scotland, blocking the sea view of local residents who refused to sell their homes. And then he sent them the bill. David and Moira Milne had already been threatened with legal action by Mr. Trump’s lawyers, who claimed that a corner of their garage belonged to him, when they came home from work one day to find his staff building a fence around their garden. Two rows of grown trees went up next, blocking the view. Their water and electricity lines were temporarily cut. And then a bill for about $3, 500 arrived in the mail, which, Mr. Milne said, went straight into the trash. “You watch, Mexico won’t pay either,” said Mr. Milne, a health and safety consultant and   novelist, referring to Mr. Trump’s campaign promise to build a “beautiful, impenetrable wall” along the border and force the Mexicans to pay for it. The Milnes now fly a Mexican flag from their hilltop house, a former coast guard station that overlooks the clubhouse of Trump International Golf Links, whenever Mr. Trump visits. So do Susan and John Munro, who also refused to sell and now face an almost    earthen wall built by Mr. Trump’s people on two sides of their property. Michael Forbes, a quarry worker whose home sits on the opposite side of the Trump property, added a second flag  —   “Hillary for President”  —   perhaps because Mr. Trump publicly accused him of living “like a pig” and called him a “disgrace” for not selling his “disgusting” and “slumlike” home. As many Americans are trying to figure out what kind of president they have just elected, the people of Balmedie, a small village outside the once   city of Aberdeen, say they have a pretty good idea. In the 10 years since Mr. Trump first visited, vowing to build “the world’s greatest golf course” on an environmentally protected site featuring    sand dunes, they have seen him lash out at anyone standing in his way. They say they watched him win public support for his golf course with grand promises, then watched him break them one by one. A promised $1. 25 billion investment has shrunk to what his opponents say is at most $50 million. Six thousand jobs have dwindled to 95. Two golf courses to one. An     luxury hotel never materialized, nor did 950   apartments. Instead, an existing manor house was converted into a   boutique hotel. Trump International Golf Links, which opened in 2012, lost $1. 36 million last year, according to public accounts. “If America wants to know what is coming, it should study what happened here. It’s predictive,” said Martin Ford, a local government representative. “I have just seen him do in America, on a grander scale, precisely what he did here. He suckered the people and he suckered the politicians until he got what he wanted, and then he went back on pretty much everything he promised. ” Alex Salmond, a former first minister of Scotland whose government granted Mr. Trump planning permission in 2008, overruling local officials, now concedes the point, saying, “Balmedie got 10 cents on the dollar. ” Sarah Malone, who came to Mr. Trump’s attention after being chosen as the “Face of Aberdeen” for a regional marketing campaign and is now a vice president of Trump International, disputed some of the figures publicly discussed about the project, saying that Mr. Trump invested about $125 million and that the golf course now employed 150 people. “While other golf and leisure projects were shelved due to lack of funds,” she said, “Mr. Trump continued to forge ahead with his plans and has put the region on the global tourism map, and this resort plays a vital role in the economic prosperity of northeast Scotland. ” Mr. Salmond said that Mr. Trump’s impact on business in Scotland might actually be a net negative because his xenophobic comments have appalled the Scottish establishment so much that the Royal  Ancient Golf Club of St. Andrews, known simply as the RA, is unlikely to award his other Scottish golf course, the   Trump Turnberry, another prestigious golf tournament like the Open anytime soon. “I don’t see the RA going back to Turnberry, which is a tragedy in itself,” Mr. Salmond said. “But it’s also a huge economic blow: Several hundred million pounds lost  —   or, in Trump terms, billions. ” Mr. Trump, whose mother emigrated from Scotland to New York in 1930, never showed any great interest in her place of birth. But in 2008, the same year he applied for planning permission in Balmedie, he visited the   cottage on the Isle of Lewis in Western Scotland where she grew up. After emerging from his private jet and handing out copies of his book “How to Get Rich,” he reportedly told locals how Scottish he felt. “I feel very comfortable here,” Mr. Trump said before spending less than two minutes with his cousins in his mother’s homestead, The Guardian reported at the time. Within about three hours his jet had taken off. The visit clearly did not impress Mr. Ford, then the chairman of the planning committee at Aberdeenshire Council, which refused Mr. Trump permission for his golf course on environmental grounds. The ancient dunes, the committee concluded, were a “site of special scientific interest,” or as Mr. Ford put it, “Scotland’s equivalent of the Amazonian rain forest. ” In the end, it was Mr. Salmond, a   golf fanatic whose constituency includes Balmedie, who came to Mr. Trump’s defense, granting permission to proceed in the “national economic interest. ” “Six thousand jobs across Scotland, 1, 400 local and permanent jobs in the northeast of Scotland,” Mr. Salmond said at the time. “That outweighs the environmental concerns. ” Eight years later he contends that Mr. Trump took him in: “If, knowing what I know now, I had the ability to go back, I would rewrite that page,” Mr. Salmond said in an interview. “Most developments balance economic against environmental issues. The problem, and it’s a big problem, is that Donald Trump didn’t do what he promised. ” Mr. Trump later fell out badly with Mr. Salmond (whom he now calls “mad Alex” and a “ ”) first because he refused to evict residents by eminent domain and then over his plans to install offshore wind turbines a couple of miles from Mr. Trump’s golf course. “If Scotland doesn’t stop insane policy of obsolete,   wind turbines, country will be destroyed,” Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter in 2014. At a parliamentary inquiry about renewable energy in 2012, Mr. Trump warned that Scotland would get into “serious trouble” if it continued to build wind turbines. Asked what evidence he had, he said, “I am the evidence. ” He then made a formal complaint about a Green Party politician who had made fun of the statement with a still from the Monty Python film “The Life of Brian,” accusing him of blasphemy and threatening to take him to court. The wind turbines, whose foundations are expected to be laid next year, still seem to rankle Mr. Trump. In a meeting right after his election victory, Mr. Trump urged Nigel Farage, the leader of the populist U. K. Independence Party  —   which has failed to win a single seat in Scotland  —   to fight offshore wind farms in Scotland on his behalf. “To actually believe that having a conversation with Nigel Farage and his henchmen about wind energy is going to change Scottish government policy is on the outer limits of possibility,” Mr. Salmond said. As a presidential candidate who was caught on a hot microphone bragging  about sexually assaulting women, Mr. Trump found little sympathy among Scotland’s political leaders, most of whom happen to be women. Nicola Sturgeon, Mr. Salmond’s successor, has called Mr. Trump’s comments “deeply abhorrent” and stripped Mr. Trump of his membership in the Global Scot business network. Kezia Dugdale, who runs the Scottish Labour Party, commented after Mr. Trump’s election that a “misogynist” would move into the White House, while Ruth Davidson, the leader of the Scottish Conservatives, described him as a “  guts, a   fool. ” And in Aberdeen, where 10 years ago public opinion was overwhelmingly in favor of Mr. Trump and his golf course, Robert Gordon University annulled Mr. Trump’s honorary degree after his comments about barring Muslims from entering the United States. Some local residents remain fiercely loyal to him. Stewart Spence, owner of the exclusive Marcliffe hotel, has a photo of Mr. Trump and himself on display in the lobby as well as his own honorary membership of the Balmedie golf course. “How many tourists have the dunes brought in? Zero,” he said. “What he has done is build a beautiful golf course and made the northeast of Scotland an amazing destination. ” As for the American election campaign, Mr. Spence said, “He has done a fantastic selling job to the American people. ” Until six years ago, the Munros could look out their kitchen window and see 10 miles across open land all the way to the Girdleness lighthouse on the other side of Aberdeen. Now they look out onto the nearly    earthen berm built by Mr. Trump’s people. “He has a thing about walls, that Mr. Trump,” Ms. Munro said. “I hope America has a better experience than Balmedie. ”",0
3225,Powerful Photo Series Challenges Society’s Perception Of The Obese,"Society might demean and bully those who are overweight or obese, but that doesn’t detract from the fact that approximately 60-70% of the population in the U.S. carries excess weight. Largely a... ",0
3226,"As Flint Suffers, Nestlé Plans Dramatic Expansion of Water Privatization in Michigan","As Flint Suffers, Nestlé Plans Dramatic Expansion of Water Privatization in Michigan What's more, the biggest food company in the world gets to pump that water at no cost . Be Sociable, Share! Nestle brand Arrowhead water bottlers. (Screenshot) 
The state of Michigan has reportedly issued preliminary approval for bottled water behemoth Nestlé to nearly triple the amount of groundwater it will pump, to be bottled and sold at its Ice Mountain plant, which lies roughly 120 miles northwest of the beleaguered community of Flint. 
“Nestlé Waters North America is asking the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) for permission to increase allowed pumping from 150 to 400 gallons-per-minute at one of its production wells north of Evart,” MLiv e reported on Monday. 
“The DEQ Water Resources Division conducted a site review and signed-off on the pumping increase in January, but the Office of Drinking Water and Municipal Assistance is approving the permit,” the report continued. The agency is accepting public comment on the proposal (pdf) until Thursday, Nov. 3. 
While Nestlé and other bottled water companies have rankled many communities for privatizing their public water supply, the news particularly stung in Michigan, where citizens have faced a years-long nightmare over lead contamination in their drinking water. Many residents of Flint are still forced to rely on bottled water for cleaning, cooking, and bathing as government delays have hampered efforts to replace the corroded pipes. 
Meanwhile, the report notes that company representatives defended the need to expand the facility because “U.S. market for bottled water in general is driving the bid for more Michigan groundwater.” 
What’s more, Nestlé, the biggest food company in the world, gets to pump that water at no cost. As MLive reports, “Michigan law allows any private property owner to withdraw from the aquifer under their property for free, subject only to a nominal $200 annual paperwork fee. The interstate Great Lakes compact prohibits water diversions outside of the Great Lakes basin, but a bottling exemption within the law allows water to be sold outside the region if it’s shipped in bottles smaller than 5.7 gallons.” 
“The issue is the privatization of a critical resource. How much is too much?” said Jeff Ostahowski, vice president of the Michigan Citizens for Water Conservation, which for years fought against Nestlé’s expansion in the state. 
When contacted by MLive for comment, Ostahowski said he wasn’t even aware of the new proposal. But as news spread on social media, the outrage was palpable: 
People in Detroit are having their water cut off, and Flint has to pay for poison water but Nestle gets water for free and makes a profit? 
— Wendy Harless (@wendyharless) November 1, 2016 ” Bottled water is the leading growth industry of the beverage market”. Yup – especially here in Flint. Anyone… https://t.co/XsBMl6nnID 
— kristen senters (@kristensenters) November 1, 2016 Where does that bottled water #Flint is STILL using & paying for come from? https://t.co/IeBnRpCWin 
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License . Be Sociable, Share!",0
3227,How U.S. Schools Can Improve Math Education - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Clinton Staff Readies EMP Launch To Disable All Nation’s Electronic Devices NEW YORK—In an effort to prepare for any new revelations that might emerge about her emails during her tenure as secretary of state, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton reportedly told her staff Tuesday to ready the launch of several electromagnetic pulses to disable all of the nation’s electronic devices. Doctors Restore Ken Burns’ Full-Color Vision After Removing Massive Tumor From Filmmaker’s Visual Cortex CLEVELAND—Speaking to reporters following the successful eight-hour procedure Tuesday, neurosurgeons at the Cleveland Clinic confirmed they had removed a golf ball–sized tumor from the visual cortex of filmmaker Ken Burns, restoring the documentarian’s ability to see in full color. Mom Produces Decorative Gift Bag Out Of Thin Air LEXINGTON, MA—Conjuring the item into existence along with several sheets of perfectly coordinated tissue paper, local mother Caroline Wolfson, 49, reportedly produced a decorative gift bag out of thin air Tuesday within a mere fraction of a second of her daughter mentioning she needed to wrap a present. Paul Krugman’s Facebook Friends Excitedly Posting About New Article He Got Published In ‘The New York Times’ NEW YORK—Sharing the link on their news feeds with captions such as “You have to read this!” and “Check out what a buddy of mine wrote,” Paul Krugman’s Facebook friends reportedly spent Tuesday morning excitedly posting about a new article of his that was published in The New York Times. End Of Section ",0
3228,Dr. David Duke and Prof. Kevin MacDonald on Duke’s overwhelming victory in the debate,"Dr. David Duke and Prof. Kevin MacDonald on Duke’s overwhelming victory in the debate November 3, 2016 at 10:24 am 
Dr. David Duke and Prof. Kevin MacDonald on Duke’s overwhelming victory in the debate 
Today Dr. Duke talked about his senatorial debate last night, including the attempt by Black Lives Matter activists to attack him and his police escort and the so-called moderator debating with him. Despite him being the target of attacks from all sides, Dr. Duke was judged the winner by 95% of the respondents to the NBC on-line poll. 
Professor Kevin MacDonald then joined the show and talked about the significance of the debate and the election. This is an amazing show that you don’t want to miss. 

Our show is aired live at 11 am replayed at ET 4pm Eastern and 4am Eastern. 
Click on Image to Donate! 
And please spread this message to others.",0
3229,Over 500 Russian and Egyptian Troops Train to Kill Terrorists (Photos) - Boris Egorov - Russia News Now,"This post was originally published on this site 
The first Russian-Egyptian anti-terrorist exercise, dubbed Defenders of Friendship-2016 was held on October 15-26. 
It took place in the desert, between the Egyptian cities of El-Alamein and Alexandria. 
The Russian Airborne Troops arrived in the African continent for the first time. 
Over 500 Russian and Egyptian paratroopers took part in the drills. 
More than 15 helicopters and planes, 10 items of air-droppable military hardware were involved. 
Russian and Egyptian servicemen practiced localization and elimination of militant groups in desert conditions. 
Foreign representatives, including ambassadors and military attaches, were present in the capacity of observers. 
Egyptian military are going to use the experience of the Russian Airborne Troops in the fight against international terrorism. 
In 2015, Russia and Egypt held their first joint maritime exercises in the Mediterranean near Alexandria. 
Next Russia-Egypt joint drill may be held in Russia next year. Related ",0
3231,Dutch Elections: Geert Wilders Slams ’Hate Preachers’ Who Urge Followers To Vote For Migrant Party,"Geert Wilders, leader of the Party for Freedom (PVV) that is just 11 days away from potentially winning the Dutch general election has hit out at   “hate preachers” who have used their religious influence to call on their followers to vote for the   ‘Denk’ (Think) party. [After the messages from a number of “notorious hate preachers” became public on Friday, Mr. Wilders took to Twitter to slam their intervention in the Dutch election process. Retweeting a scan of an article in Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf, Mr Wilders wrote: “Can those imams of hate, and Denk too, not bugger off for Allah’s sake to some Muslim country? ”.  Kunnen die haatimams niet samen met Denk omwille van Allah optiefen naar een of ander islamitisch land? https:  .   —   Geert Wilders (@geertwilderspvv) March 4, 2017,  Political party Denk, which presently two members of parliament  —   Turkish origin Tunahan Kuzu and Selçuk Öztürk  —   is the first by migrants, for migrants political party in Europe. The party’s policies include the wholesale renaming of streets to erase the Netherland’s colonial history, the establishment of a   strong ‘  police’ and the establishment of a hate criminal register, similar to a sex offender’s register. Similar plans have been recently mooted in the United Kingdom. Although the party has been accused of being a mouthpiece in the Netherlands for the Turkish government, they hope to gather growing support from the estimated one million migrants living in the European country, out of a total population of just 17 million. The latest controversy surrounding the party comes after “infamous hate preachers” including imams Fawaz Jneid and Suhayb Salam calling on their worshippers to vote for the party. De Telegraaf reports imam Salam, who has seen a number of his congregation travel to Syria to wage jihad, favours Denk because they campaign for Muslim rights. He is reported to have said: “It is important that we [come together] for this party, and to warn against the current ruling parties, who have made it very difficult for Muslims in recent years  …     Take your parents and friends to the polls, for the sake of Allah”. Hate preacher Fawaz Jneid who came into the public eye after the assassination of filmmaker Theo van Gogh  —   a man he had preached against  —   said of Denk that because there aren’t enough Muslims in the Netherlands, it was important for them to come together and vote as a bloc for a single party, in a Facebook video for his followers. According to present projections and polls Mr Wilders’ PVV is expected to achieve 25 seats in the Dutch parliament, and so become the largest party. Denk is on course to keep their two with no gains.  ",0
3232,Pope Francis: Choosing Abortion to Save Your Figure Is ‘Idolatry’,"Pope Francis put forward the case of a woman who would sacrifice her child through abortion in order to preserve her figure as a modern example of “idolatry,” or the worship of false gods. [In his general audience on Wednesday, the Pope said that when wealth, power, or physical beauty become idols, they “lead to death. ”  As an example, the Pope spoke of a woman he had known who was willing to “sacrifice everything” for physical beauty. Years ago, Francis said, a woman who was very proud of how beautiful she was told him she had had an abortion, as though it were the most natural thing. “Yes, I had to get an abortion because my figure is very important,” she told him. “These are idols, and they lead you down the wrong path, and do not make you happy,” Francis said. Pope Francis has been a vocal critic of abortion, calling it a “horrendous crime,” similar to Mafia murders and the slaughter of the innocents by King Herod 2000 years ago. Reflecting on Psalm Psalm 115 and its depiction of the worship of false gods, Pope Francis remarked that today there are still many forms of idolatry that plague the world, and infect even people of faith when they allow themselves to become “worldly. ” These idols include wealth, power, health and physical beauty, he said, as well as practices like consulting   and tarot card readers. “The message of the psalm is very clear,” Francis said. “If you put your hope in idols, you become like them: empty images with hands that cannot touch, feet that cannot walk, mouths that cannot speak. ” When ideologies such as riches, power, or success, or values such as physical beauty and health become idols, he went on, they “confuse the mind and the heart, and instead of nurturing life, lead to death. ” “This is why the Sacred Scripture warns against false hopes that the world presents to us, exposing their uselessness and revealing their senselessness,” he said. The Pope said that we often turn to idols when God seems too slow in answering our requests. We become frustrated, and so look elsewhere. “Sometimes we look for a God that can bend to our requests and magically take action to change reality and make it as we want,” he said. But these idols are useless, “powerless and deceptive. ” And yet, he said, “we like idols, we like them very much. ” Many times, we can prefer to seek a fleeting hope that a false idol gives us, rather than the “great and sure hope that the Lord gives to us,” he said. The difference, Francis said, is that the one, true God is not an idol and therefore “He never disappoints. ” Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
3233,Live Updates: 13 Shot at Fort Lauderdale Airport - Breitbart,"A gunman, identified by authorities as Esteban   26, is reportedly in custody after at least five people were shot and killed at Ft.   International airport Friday. [Wearing a Star Wars   the shooter reportedly opened fire at the baggage carousel in Terminal 2.  Update 6:06 pm ET: Alaska Army Nat’l Guard: Florida airport gunman received general discharge Aug. 16, 2016, for unsatisfactory performance.  —   NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) January 6, 2017,  Update 5:48 pm ET: New photo shows   in a keffiyeh: Pictured: The Fort Lauderdale ’air rage’ gunman https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Daily Mail US (@DailyMail) January 6, 2017,  Update 5:44 pm ET: Confirmed: The site of the shooting was a   zone. Update 5:36 pm ET: MORE: In 2011 or 2012, suspect was investigated for child porn, but there was not enough evidence to prosecute, sources tell CBS News.  —   CBS News (@CBSNews) January 6, 2017,  Update 5:33 pm ET:  ’s aunt tells a local reporter that the young man “‘lost his mind’ after a tour of duty in Iraq. ” Update 5:29 pm ET: ”I don’t ever want this to happen again,” FL Gov. Rick Scott says after deadly Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting: https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   CBS News (@CBSNews) January 6, 2017,  Update 5:24 pm ET: 20th street in Union City, NJ is blocked off where the FBI is speaking to the aunt of #floridaairport shooter #EstebanSantiago. pic. twitter.   —   Darla Miles (@DarlaMiles7) January 6, 2017,  #BREAKING: Brother of airport shooting suspect Esteban Santiago says he received psychological treatment in Alaska, served in Nat’l Guard,  —   WSVN 7 News (@wsvn) January 6, 2017,  Update 5:17 pm ET: Canadian Embassy: Shooter did not fly from Canada and was not on a Canadian flight. #FtLauderdale pic. twitter.   —   Fox News (@FoxNews) January 6, 2017,  Update 5:08 pm ET: MORE: Ft. Lauderdale shooting suspect received mental health treatment after being in contact with FBI, sources say. https:  .   —   ABC News (@ABC) January 6, 2017,  Update 5:04 pm ET: Air Canada denies reports that Santiago was a passenger on one of its flights: We confirm we have no record of a passenger by the name Esteban Santiago, or checked guns, on any of our flights to Fort Lauderdale #FLL    —   Air Canada (@AirCanada) January 6, 2017,  Update 5:00 pm ET: NEW: In Nov. 2016, FLL suspect walked into FBI office in Anchorage, claiming he was being forced to fight for ISIS, sources tell CBS News.  —   CBS News (@CBSNews) January 6, 2017,  Update 4:55 pm ET: NEW: Image of Fort Lauderdale Int’l Airport shooting suspect Esteban Santiago, law enforcement sources confirm. https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   CBS News (@CBSNews) January 6, 2017,  Update 4:36 pm ET: Suspect appears to have used a pistol. NEW: Image of firearm believed to be used by Ft. Lauderdale Int’l Airport shooter, ID’d as Esteban Santiago https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   CBS News (@CBSNews) January 6, 2017,  Update 3:49 pm ET: According to Fox News, the suspected Ft. Lauderdale gunman “was a passenger on a Canadian Air Flight and checked his gun. He claimed his bag, took the gun from the bag, went into the bathroom and loaded it, came out and started shooting. ” Law enforcement officials are now saying at least 13 people were wounded. The gunman was reportedly taken into custody without law enforcement having to fire a shot. Update 3:27 pm ET: SWAT, multiple police agencies respond to possible 2nd shooting at FLL pic. twitter.   —   WSVN 7 News (@wsvn) January 6, 2017,  #LIVE Witness says gunman shouted ”I’m not Jewish” repeatedly https:  .   —   ABC7 Eyewitness News (@ABC7) January 6, 2017,  Update 3:05 pm ET: Distraught witness to Ft. Lauderdale shooting: ”I had a perfect picture of him coming and walking up and down and shooting people  …    ” pic. twitter.   —   ABC News (@ABC) January 6, 2017,  Unverified video has surfaced on Twitter that appears to show a chaotic scene inside the baggage claim area. Fort Lauderdale, FL. #Fort #Lauderdale Shooting pic. twitter.   —   MarinaMueller (@MarinaXXX13) January 6, 2017,  Shooting on terminal 4 Fort Lauderdale airport all terminal evacuated pic. twitter.   —   Jorge Curiel H (@jcurielh) January 6, 2017,  KETV 7 reports TSA confirmed that there were reports of more shots fired at Ft.   International. The shots were reportedly fired around 2:30 pm ET. TSA tweeted: Update: Active shooter at #FLL. Shelter in place. Airport closed.  —   TSA (@TSA) January 6, 2017,  Update 2:35 pm ET:   Donald Trump has expressed his concern for the tragedy on Twitter and the White House has released the following statement from NSC Spokesperson Ned Price: The President was apprised this afternoon by Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism Lisa Monaco of the shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport and will be kept updated as the investigation unfolds. Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 6, 2017,  Update 2:48 pm ET: Former George W. Bush White House Press Secrectary Ari Fleischer was in the airport when the shots rang out. I’m at the Ft. Lauderdale Airport. Shots have been fired.  Everyone is running.  —   Ari Fleischer (@AriFleischer) January 6, 2017,  CNN reports that the incident occurred in the baggage claim area of terminal 2. Innocents were rushed out of the building and gathered on the tarmac while law enforcement swept the building. Flights “are still operating from the south side of the airport,” as the shooting incident occurred on the north side. MSNBC quotes Senator Bill Nelson ( ) that the suspected gunman at Fort   International was named Estaban Santiago. Nelson said the gunman “was carrying a military ID. ” Nelson stressed that that does not mean it was the gunman’s actual ID. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
3234,Computer Programmer Admits To Being Paid To Rig Voting Booths,"GUTS: Town Defies Obama, Unanimously Votes Against Refugees 
When he responded affirmatively, he was asked, “How do you know that to be the case?” 
“Because in October of 2000 I wrote a prototype for present Congressman Tom Feeney, at the company I work for in Oviedo, Florida, that did just that,” Curtis said. “It would flip the vote 51 – 49 to whoever you wanted it to go to, and whichever race you wanted it to win.” 
“And would that program that you designed be something that elections officials , that might be on county boards of elections, could detect?” Arnebeck asked.   
“They’d never see it,” Curtis said. “You would have to view it either in the source code, or you’d have to have a receipt, and then count the hard paper against the actual vote total. Other than that, you won’t see it.” 
You can watch the video for yourself here: 
Computer Programmer Testifies Under Oath He Coded Computers to Rig Elections 
Posted by Anonymous on Thursday, March 17, 2016 
Given the stakes in this election, and the poll rigging that we’ve already seen, what Curtis said should have a lot of resonance with American voters — especially Trump voters. While the man that Curtis purportedly wrote it for was a Republican, establishment Democrats could clearly do something very similar if given the opportunity.  ",0
3236,6 Things We Learned in the F.B.I. Clinton Email Investigation - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Documents released by the F. B. I. on Friday revealed new details about the Justice Department’s yearlong investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server and whether she and her aides mishandled classified information. Among the documents was an   summary of an interview F. B. I. agents conducted with Mrs. Clinton on July 2. Two days later, the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, said the bureau had recommended to the Justice Department that neither Mrs. Clinton nor her aides should be charged with a crime. Here are six highlights from those documents: According to the F. B. I. in December 2014 a top aide to Mrs. Clinton told the company that housed her server to delete an archive of emails from her account. The company, Platte River Networks, apparently never followed those instructions. On March 2, 2015, The New York Times reported that Mrs. Clinton had exclusively used a personal email account when she was secretary of state. Two days later, the congressional committee investigating the 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya, and Mrs. Clinton’s response to them, told the technology firms associated with the email account that they had to retain “all relevant documents” related to its inquiry. Three weeks later, a Platte River employee realized he had not deleted the emails as instructed. The employee said he then used a special program called BleachBit to delete the files. The F. B. I. said Mrs. Clinton was unaware of the deletions. The F. B. I. said it was later able to find some of the emails, but did not say how many emails were deleted, or whether they were included in the 60, 000 emails that Mrs. Clinton said she sent and received while secretary of state from 2009 to 2013. But Mrs. Clinton’s lawyer, David Kendall, said in a letter to Congress on March 27, 2015, that after Mrs. Clinton gave roughly 30, 000   emails to the State Department, Mrs. Clinton “chose not to keep” her personal emails while she was secretary of state, which she has said numbered roughly 30, 000. Mr. Kendall said he confirmed with Mrs. Clinton’s support staff that no emails from the time she was in office “reside on the server or on any backup systems associated with the server. ” In Mrs. Clinton’s interview with the F. B. I. she said she did not recall receiving any emails “she thought should not be on an unclassified system. ” She said she had relied on State Department officials to use their judgment when emailing her sensitive information, adding that she “could not recall anyone raising concerns with her regarding the sensitivity of the information she received at her email address. ” In a summary of the investigation, the F. B. I. said Mrs. Clinton had emailed Colin L. Powell, a former secretary of state, a day after she was sworn into office about Mr. Powell’s use of a personal email account when he was the country’s top diplomat. Mr. Powell warned Mrs. Clinton that if she used her BlackBerry for official business, those emails could become “official record[s] and subject to the law. ” Mr. Powell, apparently implying that he was cautious in his use of his personal email account, added: “Be very careful. I got around it all by not saying much and not using systems that captured the data. ” According to a summary of her interview, Mrs. Clinton said she did not know exactly what Mr. Powell meant and that his message “did not factor into her decision to use a personal email account. ” Mrs. Clinton said in her interview it was “common knowledge” that she had a private email address because it was “displayed to anyone with whom she exchanged emails. ” But the F. B. I. said in a summary of its findings that “some State Department employees interviewed by the F. B. I. explained that emails by Clinton only contained the letter ‘H’ in the sender field and did not display her email address. ” The F. B. I. said that some of Mrs. Clinton’s closest aides were aware she used a private email address but did not know she had set up a private server. The aides said they were “unaware of the existence of the private server until after Clinton’s tenure at State or when it became public knowledge. ” According to the summary of the investigation, Mrs. Clinton brought her BlackBerry into a secure area on the seventh floor of the State Department, where such electronics are prohibited. The F. B. I. interviewed three former State Department diplomatic security agents who said that Mrs. Clinton kept her BlackBerry in her desk drawer in the secure area, a   Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility, or SCIF. But Huma Abedin, a top aide to Mrs. Clinton, told the F. B. I. that Mrs. Clinton left the secure area to check her BlackBerry, often going to the State Department’s   balcony to do so. The F. B. I. said that it had identified 13 mobile devices that Mrs. Clinton potentially used to send emails. Mrs. Clinton’s aides were in charge of buying replacement BlackBerry devices when she was in office. Ms. Abedin told the F. B. I. that “it was not uncommon for Clinton to use a new BlackBerry for a few days and then immediately switch it out for an older version with which she was more familiar. ” Ms. Abedin and another aide told the F. B. I. that “the whereabouts of Clinton’s devices would frequently become unknown once she transitioned to a new device. ” An aide to Bill Clinton, Justin Cooper, who helped set up the server, told the F. B. I. that he recalled “two instances where he destroyed Clinton’s old mobile devices by breaking them in half or hitting them with a hammer. ”",0
3237,Will Trump's presidency change the way America views Russia?,"Will Trump's presidency change the way America views Russia? Donald Trump once again confounded his critics with an unexpected victory in the U.S. presidential election. Will he now seek to turn U.S.-Russian relations upside down? Donald Trump once again confounded his critics with an unexpected victory in the U.S. presidential election. Will he now seek to turn U.S.-Russian relations upside down? 

U.S. President-elect Donald Trump poses with a ring given to him by a group of veterans during a campaign event on the campus of Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa. Photo: AP 
Donald Trump completed one of the great upsets in American political history when he vaulted above the 270 Electoral College vote minimum needed to become president. His presidency, which begins Jan. 20, 2017, offers interesting possibilities for U.S.-Russian relations .
Trump’s affinity for Russian President Vladimir Putin has been well documented, and Putin’s sentiments about Trump are equally positive. On Nov. 9, Putin was among the first of the world’s leaders to offer his congratulations to Trump. But will a gesture of goodwill lead to substantive change in the U.S.-Russian partnership? Trump has intriguing possibilities to weigh.
Doing away with the sanctions President Barack Obama handed down in response to Russia’s involvement in 2014 in Ukraine is one. Last year, Russian officials estimated the sanctions cost the country more than $100 billion. It is safe to assume that figure has grown this year, and sagging oil prices have added a second significant strain to the Russian budget.
Demanding that NATO nations pay for more of the costs associated with the organization would be a second option Trump could employ. Within hours of Trump’s victory, NATO’s secretary general urged him to not forget the longstanding relationship between the U.S. and Western Europe in maintaining peace. Trump could add further stress to the relationship – to Russia’s advantage – if he limited the role of the U.S. military in the region.
Read the Q&amp;A with Dmitri Trenin: "" Trump's presidency and the future of US-Russia relations "" Staying out of the way as Russia continued its aerial assault on Syria’s rebels would be another way of demonstrating that a President Trump would deal with Russia in sharply different ways than Obama.
There is no way to know right now if Trump will follow through on any of these ideas once he assumes office.
He also has so-called soft power options at his disposal to change the way Russia views America. For example, he could urge the U.S. Congress to restore funding for Title VIII , a program that allows U.S. scholars to engage in research about Russia and gain Russian language proficiency. Funding levels were cut three years ago. Along the same lines, he could push for increased academic, athletic and cultural exchanges between the two nations.
President Obama’s famous “reset” button that Hillary Clinton carried to Moscow during her first visit as U.S. Secretary of State proved ineffective, and her critics jumped on it during the recent presidential campaign to show how incompetent she would be on the world stage. Trump is not likely to use any prop to show his intentions of improving Washington’s relationship with Moscow.
But the substantive options he does choose will determine just how much he intends to break with his soon-to-be predecessor’s plans. Western European leaders, perhaps more than any other, will be watching closely.
The ;opinion ;of the author may not necessarily reflect the position of Russia Direct or its staff. ",0
3238,Mexico Prepares to Counter ‘the Trump Emergency’ - The New York Times,"MEXICO CITY  —   Vicente Fox, the former president of Mexico, was recently stuck in Mexico City traffic, overcome with frustration  —   not by the congestion, but by something that was irritating him even more: Donald J. Trump. He grabbed his phone, turned the lens on himself and pressed record. “Ha! Donald,” Mr. Fox said, holding the phone perhaps a little too close to his face. “What about your apologies to Mexico, to Mexicans in the United States, to Mexicans in Mexico?” In short order, the   clip was on Mr. Fox’s Twitter feed  —   another salvo in a personal campaign against the American presidential candidate that has included television appearances, radio interviews and a fusillade of hectoring Twitter posts. Mr. Fox’s voice is among a growing, if uncoordinated, chorus of influential Mexicans worried about what a Trump victory could mean for the complex relationship between the United States and Mexico  —   not to mention the impact Mr. Trump’s presidential bid may have already had. The voices have included at least two former Mexican presidents, top government officials, political analysts, academics, editorial writers and cultural figures. President Enrique Peña Nieto likened the candidate’s language to that of Hitler and Mussolini in an interview with Mexico’s Excelsior newspaper. And he recently shuffled his diplomatic corps in the United States, replacing Mexico’s ambassador to Washington and installing new consuls general around the country, in part to strengthen his administration’s response to the rise of Mr. Trump and what it reflects about American sentiment toward Mexico. While many leaders around the world are worried about how Mr. Trump’s campaign, win or lose, could shape American foreign policy, the concerns are particularly pointed in Mexico and throughout the Mexican diaspora because of the exceptionally close geographic, economic, demographic and cultural ties between the two countries. The two countries are now enjoying one of the more harmonious periods in a turbulent history. But many in Mexico fear that the friendship would rupture should Mr. Trump win the election and follow through on his threats to undo the North American Free Trade Agreement, force Mexico to pay for the construction of a wall between the countries by interrupting remittances and deport the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States, about half of whom are Mexican. “His threat is cataclysmic, I think, for Mexico,” Enrique Krauze, a Mexican historian and literary magazine editor, said in an interview. “What it would mean for bilateral trade, in social terms, in the tearing of families, in the trauma, the collective panic, the opening of old wounds. ” He added: “I can use one of Trump’s favorite words. Yes, this is huge. It’s a huge danger. ” Mexican critics of Mr. Trump say he has already damaged the image of their country and of the Mexican people with his espousal of views that many regard as xenophobic. At a rally to kick off his campaign in June, the Republican candidate suggested that many Mexican immigrants were drug traffickers and rapists. Mexican officials, concerned about negative impressions of Mexico in the United States, have been rolling out a strategy to improve the image of their country and show how the relationship between the two nations has been of “mutual benefit,” said Paulo Carreño, the newly appointed under secretary for North America in Mexico’s Foreign Ministry. The strategy includes “cultural diplomacy,”   activism and the deployment of Mexican community and business leaders living in the United States, he said. As part of the strategy, the Peña Nieto administration shook up its diplomatic corps in the United States last month: The Mexican ambassador to Washington, Miguel Basáñez Ebergenyi, who had been in the job less than a year, was abruptly replaced by Carlos Sada Solana, a veteran diplomat. In addition, 26 consulates changed leadership. A statement from the Foreign Ministry announcing Mr. Sada’s appointment emphasized his experience “protecting the rights of Mexicans in North America, as well as defending the interests of Mexican abroad. ” In addition, a few   government officials have reacted publicly to Mr. Trump, including Humberto Roque Villanueva, the Interior Ministry’s under secretary for population, migration and migratory affairs. He told the newspaper El Universal this month that the Mexican government was analyzing “how to confront what we would call the Trump emergency. ” “I believe Mr. Trump speaks off the top of his head and doesn’t have a clear idea about financial matters or international accords,” he added. “We live in a globalized world. The United States would have to return to a kind of Middle Ages to prohibit remittances or charge tariffs that aren’t charged in other parts of the world. ” In general, however, the administration has mostly refrained from commenting on the candidate. That has frustrated many Mexicans, who have called on the government to come to the defense of Mexico and push back at Mr. Trump more forcefully. “They can package that in the traditional Mexican nonsense: We don’t interfere in elections,” said Jorge Castañeda, a former foreign minister. “The real reason is that they have no idea what to do, so the default option is to do nothing. ” Instead, most of the Mexican agitation against Mr. Trump has come from the general public. At the beginning of his campaign, many Mexicans viewed Mr. Trump with a mixture of alarm and amusement. But the amusement has mostly fallen away. “Why should we worry?” Mr. Krauze asked, rhetorically. “I couldn’t think of a reason not to worry, no?” In the fall, Mr. Krauze and Carmelo   an emeritus professor of economics and Latin American studies at the University of Pittsburgh, drafted a letter denouncing Mr. Trump’s campaign.   prominent Latinos  —   academics, scientists, writers and filmmakers in the United States, Spain and Latin America  —   signed it. “His hate speech appeals to lower passions like xenophobia, machismo, political intolerance and religious dogmatism,” the letter said. In recent months, Mr. Castañeda has been pushing a   social media campaign with the hashtag #ImProudToBeMexican. Aiming at an American,   audience, he has uploaded videos to Facebook and a campaign website extolling the diversity of the Mexican diaspora and its contributions to the United States. Explaining the American focus of this lobby, he said: “I don’t want to convince Mexicans how nasty Trump is, because everyone knows that. That’s a done deal. ” Mr. Fox’s drumbeat of harangues against Mr. Trump began in February when he declared in a television interview, using a forceful expletive, that Mexicans would not build the candidate’s proposed wall. He escalated from there, chiding Mr. Trump with language that sometimes devolved into schoolyard churlishness. He called the candidate “a false prophet,” “dictator” and “loser. ” He posted a selfie taken against the backdrop of a beach with this message: “Trump, this beautiful Cancun. YOU ARE NOT WELCOME HERE. ” He posted photos from his wife’s birthday party, taunting Mr. Trump: “What do you know about love? Or you just know about hating. How sad!” This month, Mr. Fox expressed contrition for some of his comments in an interview with Breitbart News and apologized to Mr. Trump. But amid blowback from Mexicans on social media and elsewhere who accused him of weakness, he resumed his badgering, posting photos on social media of a   tie made in China and a   jacket made in Mexico  —   evidence, he said, of the candidate’s hypocrisy. Mr. Fox said in a telephone interview from his home in Guanajuato State that he was motivated to attack Mr. Trump by what he called “pure love for that great nation, the United States. ” “I don’t understand why the American public is buying this,” he continued, pain in his voice. “We are partners, we are neighbors, and we should be friends. He’s dividing not only American society, but he’s dividing two nations. “Why does he pick on Mexico?”",0
3239,Carrier battle group never planned to call at Spanish port – Russian Defense Ministry,"Carrier battle group never planned to call at Spanish port – Russian Defense Ministry   21:07 Get short URL Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov. © NTB Scanpix / Reuters Moscow has dismissed media reports about how the Russian aircraft carrier group planned a refueling stop at the Spanish autonomous port of Ceuta, with the Defense Ministry saying that such a port call was never scheduled. 
“Russian Defense Ministry has filed no requests to the Spanish authorities concerning the refueling stop of the aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov at the Ceuta port,” the ministry’s spokesman, Major-General Igor Konashenkov, told journalists. 
He also stressed that “Russian aircraft carrier group is fully supplied with material stocks for the mission pursuit in the off-shore maritime zone in autonomous mode.” 
At the same time, Konashenkov admitted that the ministry considered a possibility of specific vessels from the group calling at the Ceuta port upon consultation with the Spanish side. Read more Russia withdraws request for carrier battle group to refuel in Spain amid NATO pressure on Madrid 
“Today, the Spanish authorities told [Russian Defense Ministry] that Russian vessels’ call at the Ceuta port is inappropriate due to the pressure on Spain exerted by the US and NATO,” Konashenkov said, adding that “this situation in no way affects the mission plan of the naval group.” 
Earlier on Wednesday there were reports, citing embassy sources, that Russia withdrew a request for its aircraft carrier group to be refueled at the Ceuta port after top NATO and EU officials expressed anger at Spain’s reported decision to allow the stopover. 
The Russian embassy in Spain says that its statement was misinterpreted. There were “most diverse media interpretations of the Russian embassy’s statement… concerning the Russian naval group in the Mediterranean,” Vasily Nioradze, a spokesman of the Russian embassy in Madrid, told RT, adding that “in fact, Russian mission informed the Spanish side that Russian vessels would not stop at the Ceuta port as the plans have changed.” 
“It was just a routine procedure of mutual information-sharing,” he stressed. 
A barrage of harsh criticism from the NATO officials and some European politicians followed Spanish media reports that Russia’s naval battle group would make a stopover in Ceuta after passing the Straits of Gibraltar. 
Ceuta, the autonomous Spanish port located on the tip of Africa’s northern coast not far from the Straits of Gibraltar, has an unresolved status within NATO. It is, however, considered EU territory. Since 2011, Spain has allowed 57 Russian warships to refuel at the enclave. 
The mission of the Admiral Kuznetsov carrier group earlier triggered a media frenzy across Europe alongside with the nervous reaction from some European countries’ military as British, Norwegian, and Dutch navies sending frigates and surveillance vessels to shadow the Russian warships on their way through international waters. 
According to the Russia’s Defense Ministry, the ships were sent to the Syrian coast to provide backup for the naval group already deployed in the area.",0
3240,Long-term Effects of the Presidential Election,"November 10, 2016 Long-term Effects of the Presidential Election 
The reverberations from Donald Trump’s election as the 45th president of the United States are being felt around the world. A number of Hollywood’s celebrities are saying they will move out of the country. Many political pundits are decrying the overthrow of the international order that globalists have worked so hard to build since World War II. 
On the other hand, one politician from Israel is saying that Trump’s election heralds the coming of the Messiah. One thing is certain. The election of Mr. Trump to lead the world’s greatest nation will definitely change things dramatically. What will the long-term effects of America’s election actually be? We’ll talk about on today’s edition of End of the Age. Join the Conversation",0
3241,Hurricane Matthew Makes Old Problems Worse for Haitians - The New York Times,"The first reports to arrive were of vast flooding and destruction, rivers of brown water pulsing through streets and homes shorn of tin roofs. Eventually, the talk turned to livestock lost, a veritable fortune for those living in the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere. But three days after the worst storm to strike Haiti in more than 50 years, the death toll is rising, and fast. From initial estimates of five dead, the government is now saying more than 280 people have been killed in Hurricane Matthew and its aftermath, the worst natural disaster to strike the nation since the earthquake of 2010. Others are reporting even more deaths. Reuters said that its own compilation, based on information from civil protection and local officials, showed at least 842 had been confirmed dead on Friday. The storm left a broad tableau of devastation: houses pummeled into timber, crops destroyed and stretches of towns and villages under several feet of water. In the southern city of Jérémie, 80 percent of the buildings were destroyed. The numbers of known dead soared as officials and aid workers ventured deeper into areas cut off from rescue efforts in the south, discovering more bodies interred in flooded homes and streets. Until Thursday, there had been no connection to the south of the country  —   neither electronic nor physical, owing to severed phone lines and collapsed bridges. “This is a very, very partial assessment of the damage and death,” said Annick Joseph, the country’s interior minister, during a news conference earlier in the day. Among other things, he added, dead were also being discovered in the mountains of the country, where communities are more isolated. The sudden surge in numbers reflects, in some ways, the very nature of the many challenges that Haiti faces. The country’s infrastructure had been in decline for decades, even before the earthquake and other storms weakened it further. A fragile communications system, too, was unreliable even in the best of times. These challenges and others are part of the reason the government so vastly underestimated the number of deaths, and why, many think, the number will continue to rise. More fundamentally, it meant that there was little the government was capable of doing to prepare  —   and to respond. “That many people died because they never believed what the authorities told them when they said they had to evacuate,” said Jean Senozier Despreux, who lives and works in Les Cayes and weathered the storm there. “They resisted it. ” In a telephone interview, he said the surge in death numbers was not surprising to him. “We knew we would continue find people under the rubble,” he said. “It was so intense there was no way out. ” Enzo di Taranto, the head of the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in Haiti, said there would “be a severe impact on the environment, agriculture and water systems. ” “Schools, hospitals and police stations, everything that was there when the hurricane hit was in some way damaged, because of the strengths of the wind,” Mr. di Taranto said. On Wednesday, officials said the hurricane’s heavy damage had forced them to postpone an   presidential election set for Sunday in the country of 11 million. This latest disaster revives unresolved questions that continue to haunt the country from the 2010 earthquake, when international aid groups practically usurped the role of the government. The government has been clear that this time around it will take the lead on coordinating aid, as donors bring in fresh water, food and money. Yet that approach, too, has its limitations. The current government is an interim administration that was to be replaced in the Sunday election. There is no word on when that vote will be rescheduled. For international aid organizations, striking a balance between working with the government and delivering lifesaving assistance expeditiously will define the coming months of the crisis, many say. “There was a lot of taking stock of what lessons were learned after 2010,” said Jake Johnston, research associate at the Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington. “And then you see a disaster and it all goes out the window and it’s immediate, whatever we can do as fast as possible,” he said. At the same time, he said, for donors, “bypassing the government is not going to save the day in the end. ” Aid groups especially fear cholera, a waterborne infection that has stubbornly plagued Haiti since shortly after the earthquake, when it was believed to have been inadvertently introduced by United Nations peacekeepers assigned to the country. CARE Haiti, a charity, said in a report that three cases of cholera had already turned up in southern peninsula hospitals. Partners in Health, an international charity that has long worked in Haiti, said there had been 26, 000 cases of cholera this year. According to the United Nations, more than one million people have been affected by the storm in Haiti  —   and at least a third of them will require humanitarian assistance. Mr. di Taranto’s United Nations office, which is helping coordinate assistance between the government and humanitarian groups, said that more than 15, 000 people were in emergency shelters. The Civil Protection Force of Haiti put the figure countrywide at closer to 27, 000 people, with the majority in the south. At least 20, 000 homes were wrecked and hundreds of Haitians were injured, officials said. In the largest   area of the country, more than 80 percent of the crops that feed 20, 000 families were destroyed by the winds and flooding, according to Mercy Corps. In Jérémie, the capital of the southern department of Grande Anse, there was   destruction. In Les Cayes, another southern area where the storm wrought the most damage and across the peninsula from Jérémie, people lost their homes, livestock and possessions. Southerners in particular rely on subsistence farming, on lands that have now been flooded. “We’re very worried about the country’s future in terms of food security,” said Hervil Cherubin, country director in Haiti for Heifer International, a nonprofit that works with more than 6, 500 farming families in the south. “Most of the crops are gone. Many of the farm fields are like landfills. They’re full of trash, seawater, gravel and other debris. ”",0
3242,Another Project Veritas Bombshell: Pro-Clinton PAC Accepts Foreign Donations,"We Are Change 
In the fourth undercover video from the guerilla journalists at James O’Keefe’s Project Veritas, Democratic operative Robert Creamer claims to be on daily calls with the Clinton campaign — and accepts a foreign donation.
In the newly released footage, Creamer admits to working directly for the Clinton campaign — overseeing Donald Trump events. 
“I mean frankly I spend most of my time overseeing the Trump event rallies, I mean that’s what I do for the Clinton campaign,” Creamer states. 
In previous video releases from Veritas, Democratic operatives reveal how they had been working to incite violence at Trump rallies, using a tactic called “bird-dogging.” An operative also reveals to the undercover journalists their step-by-step voter fraud strategy. 
The Clinton campaign originally denied working with Creamer and his firm, Democracy Partners. O’Keefe then released a video of Creamer stating that their “Donald Ducks” effort was at the request of the candidate herself. 
“Every morning I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign headquarters … I am in this campaign mainly to deal with what earned media with television, radio, with earned media and social media, not with paid media, not with advertising,” Creamer says in the latest video. 
He also admits to working directly with Barack Obama, statements that are backed up by his 340 logged visits to the White House — where he met with Obama 45 times. 
“I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues, helping to run issue campaigns that they have been involved in. I mean, for immigration reform for the… the health care bill, for trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues.” 
To gain access and trust, O’Keefe reveals that he had provided a $20,000 donation to the Americans for United for Change super PAC from Belize. 
“The more money that was promised to Creamer, the more access Project Veritas Action journalists seemed to get,” Project Veritas said in their release .
Following the release of the first Veritas videos last week, the PAC suddenly returned the donation — stating that they were concerned it may have been illegal. 
“In an unexpected twist, AUFC president Brad Woodhouse, the recipient of the $20,000, heard that Project Veritas Action was releasing undercover videos exposing AUFC’s activities. He told a journalist that AUFC was going to return the twenty thousand dollars,” Project Veritas explained. “ He said it was because they were concerned that it might have been an illegal foreign donation. Project Veritas Action was pleased but wondered why that hadn’t been a problem for the month that they had the money.” 
O’Keefe has filed a formal complaint with the Federal Election Commission against both Clinton’s campaign and the Democratic National Committee based upon the shocking revelations that his team has uncovered. 
During a rally in Gettysburg on Saturday, Trump promised that he would also be suing the DNC for inciting violence at his rallies, based on what he saw in the Project Veritas videos. 
The post Another Project Veritas Bombshell: Pro-Clinton PAC Accepts Foreign Donations appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
3243,"Doping Sample Bottles, No Longer Seen as Tamper-Proof, Endure - The New York Times","RIO DE JANEIRO  —   Most of the key figures involved in Russia’s elaborate doping scheme at the 2014 Sochi Olympics will not participate in the Rio Games. The lab director who blew the whistle is living in the United States, and implicated government officials were told not to attend. A central figure in their schemes, however, has found its way here: the supposedly     bottle that Russian officials manipulated to evade doping violations. Berlinger, the Swiss manufacturer of the Sochi bottles, has supplied the   lab for the Rio Games with thousands of its latest bottles. “It’s a really big problem for the Olympics, because we rely on the fact that those bottles can’t be tampered with,” said Don Catlin, a former member of the Olympic medical commission that selected the Berlinger bottles in the late 1990s. “I’m sure they’re scrambling to figure out how they can inspect them with a microscope, but it’s going to be hard. ” With their locking caps, the squat glass bottles were thought to be   until Grigory Rodchenkov, the chemist who ran Sochi’s Olympic lab, said he had broken into them to manipulate urine samples with the help of Russia’s intelligence service. A subsequent investigation commissioned by antidoping officials concluded that the contents of the bottles could be, and had been, stealthily substituted. “After a considerable amount of work, the caps came off,” Richard McLaren, the Canadian lawyer who led that investigation, said last month. Mr. McLaren said his team of forensic investigators found microscopic scratches on the Sochi bottles, along with indications that the urine they held had been changed. Global sports authorities, who have relied on the bottles at the last eight Olympics, were in disbelief, as was the family that has run Berlinger since it was founded in 1865 as a mechanical cotton weaving mill. “No one can believe it,” Andrea Berlinger, Berlinger’s chief executive, said in May, when Dr. Rodchenkov’s account was made public. “We’re all a bit speechless. ” For each athlete tested at the Rio Games, two bottles will be used, to hold an Olympian’s urine for not only the duration of the Games but also the decade afterward, during which samples are preserved for possible reanalysis. Several thousand athletes will be tested. “The bottles aren’t   because, in our opinion,   is nonexistent,” Hans Klaus, a spokesman for Berlinger, said this week. “We have absolute confidence in the bottles if you use them in a normal way, not with illegal methods or a criminal system like C. S. I. Miami. ” Mr. Klaus said the bottle’s design had been updated since the 2014 Sochi Games, as part of routine improvements. He declined to specify what modifications had been made, citing security concerns, but said the interlocking metal teeth that sealed the bottle were a part of the latest design. Production of the Rio bottles finished in April, he said. The Sochi scheme was made public in May and confirmed by the World   Agency in July. Berlinger was not involved in Mr. McLaren’s investigation, and the bottle’s design enhancements were not informed by the mechanics of how he and others imperceptibly cracked into them. No one has made that blueprint public, though many have suggested it relies on fiddling with the toothed metal rings that lock the bottle, which likely produced the microscopic scratches. Mr. McLaren said on Friday that he had provided explanatory illustrations of how his team had tampered with the bottles to the manufacturer and the World   Agency within the last week. He had not communicated with the Rio lab staff to provide any kind of manual, he said. Some antidoping advocates did not think the bottles posed a problem for Rio, particularly in the face of more immediate issues like deciding, amid the doping crisis emanating from Russia, which athletes would even participate in the Games. The Rio lab did not reply to requests for comment, and Brazil’s antidoping agency deferred to the lab. The World   Agency accredits Olympic labs, but the International Olympic Committee is in charge of them during the Games. Each institution has in the past pointed to the other as an accountable authority. On Friday, WADA said the bottles were a question for the Olympic committee, given it ran the lab. Asked who was ultimately answerable for the quality of drug testing at the Games, Thomas Bach  —   the Olympic committee president who excoriated WADA in recent days  —   called drug testing at the Games “a shared responsibility. ” Mr. Bach added: “The antidoping laboratory is the responsibility of WADA. There is WADA accreditation and WADA supervision, and WADA will also again supervise the Olympic committee’s activities at the Games with regard to antidoping. ” Neither the I. O. C. nor WADA specified if any new measures would be put in place in Rio. “With all that’s happened,” said Lauryn Williams, an American sprinter and athlete representative for WADA, “there should be many, many processes in place that would prevent the opportunity to tamper with the bottle. ” Paul Melia, Canada’s top antidoping official, called on WADA’s independent observer team to actively search for signs of tampering. “One of their jobs now is going to be to look at every single sample under microscopic analysis to be sure none have been tampered with,” he said. “That’s what the independent observer team is supposed to be doing, making sure none of this happens. ” At the Sochi lab, the WADA observer did not catch Dr. Rodchenkov’s overnight   operation that was carried out in a storage closet the observer team later issued a report praising Dr. Rodchenkov’s work as “a milestone in the evolution of the Olympic Games antidoping program. ” Richard W. Pound, a former president of WADA and an Olympic committee member, estimated it would take 15 seconds to rotate each of the several thousand bottles under a microscope. “I think it may be a thing of the past,” he said of such elaborate breaches in doping control, “if you know what to look for. ”",0
3244,"The U.S./Turkey Plan For “Seizing, Holding, And Occupying” Syrian Territory In Raqqa","By Brandon Turbeville As the U.S. Presidential selection circus draws to a close, the United States and Turkey have announced a new plan to defeat... ",0
3245,Donald Trump Celebrates Job Gains: ‘I Think It’s Going to Continue Big League’,"President Donald Trump celebrated the news that 227, 000 jobs were created in January, meeting with his Economic Advisory Council at the White House on Friday morning. [“Great spirit in the country right now,” Trump said, speaking to the press. “So we’re very happy about that. I think that it’s going to continue big league. We’re bringing back jobs. We’re bringing down your taxes. We’re getting rid of regulations. ”  Trump promised “exciting times” ahead, previewing a tax bill “soon” and a healthcare bill “even sooner. ” “Amazingly, it’s never happened before that politics has become a much bigger subject than the Super Bowl,” he said. “This is usually Super Bowl territory. ” Trump told the business leaders that he wanted to hear from them as he tackled more reform proposals to make their businesses better, including getting rid the cumbersome   legislation.",0
3246,"Ann Coulter: American Gigolos (GOP Watch List, Part 2)","Americans thought electing a   billionaire reality TV star to the presidency of the #$%^ United States would finally be enough to convey the message that they hate both political parties. If anything, they hate Republicans more. [But the   can’t learn. The bureaucracy, the judiciary and congressional Republicans are all openly working for the “Resistance. ” It’s President Trump against the world.  In Congress, the hate for Trump is personal. Not only did he throw a grenade into politicians’ little   club, but his very existence destroys their   as people with a set of skills. While Trump was making billions of dollars building skyscrapers, developing golf courses and starring on a hit reality TV show, members of Congress were slowly working their way up the political ladder  —   interning at think tanks and congressional offices, taking some small government job, then running for the House or Senate, and, hopefully, marrying a woman with a large inheritance. A stunning number of senators and congressmen are supported by rich wives  —   Sens. John McCain, Mitch McConnell, Richard Blumenthal, John Kerry and Ron Wyden, and Reps. Michael McCaul, Scott Peters and Paul Ryan, to name a few. Is there any other profession with as high a percentage of men sponging off their wives’ inheritances? Then a   billionaire came along, violated all the rules they had lived by, and swept aside more than a dozen experienced politicians just like themselves! Not only did Trump make his own money, but he beat them at the one thing they thought they knew how to do. How else to explain Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s sneering dismissal of Trump’s request for an investigation into voter fraud, followed  —   one week later!  —   by McConnell’s assurance that the Senate would investigate former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s phone call to the Russian ambassador? These useless Republicans allowed a Senate seat to be stolen from under their noses in Minnesota in 2008, giving Obama the vote he needed to pass Obamacare and destroy our health care. No, don’t investigate that! Why bother with the very foundation of democracy? How will these nitwit politicians win praise from The Washington Post without devoting all their energy to some current leftist fetish, like Russia? At least when liberals fixate on Russia, they have a clear subversive mission. Congressional Republicans are just nincompoops. The only thing they know is: Imitate Reagan  —   from 30 years ago. It would make more sense for Republicans to demand that all air traffic controllers be fired for no reason than it is for them to keep treating Putin like it’s 1950 and he’s Stalin. (We know Putin isn’t Stalin because Democrats aren’t affectionately calling him “Uncle Joe” and spying for him.) If senators have time for hearings on Flynn’s discussions with the Russian ambassador, could they possibly squeeze in an afternoon to repeal Obamacare? How about the campaign pledge that rocketed Trump to the White House? According to The Washington Post, at the GOP retreat last month, when Trump talked about using tax policy to help pay for the wall, Republicans expressed “confusion about what exactly he meant. ” Are they retarded? (By “they,” I mean all Republicans in Congress, except Sen. Tom Cotton and about a   others.) If Republicans had an ounce of   right after repealing Obamacare and writing a bill taxing remittances to make Mexico pay for the wall, they’d be impeaching the ridiculous Judge James Robart. Even lawyers who oppose Trump’s travel ban agree that Judge Robart made a complete ass of himself when he blocked the executive order. The “Resistance” claims to be terrified that Trump will not be constrained by our Constitution, but they’re the ones who are perfectly willing to disregard the Constitution simply to stop Trump. At least since the Chinese exclusion case of 1889, the Supreme Court has made blindingly clear that “the power of exclusion of foreigners” belongs to the political branches of government: Congress and the president  —   not to the judiciary. The president’s authority to exclude aliens in the public interest has been reaffirmed in dozens of cases since then. Among them:  —   Harisiades v. Shaughnessy (1952): “Any policy toward aliens is vitally and intricately interwoven with   …     the conduct of foreign relations, the war power, and the maintenance of a republican form of government. Such matters are so exclusively entrusted to the political branches of government as to be largely immune from judicial inquiry or interference. ”  —   Shaughnessy v. Mezei (1953): “Congress expressly authorized the President to impose additional restrictions on aliens entering or leaving the United States during periods of international tension and strife.   …     (The President) may shut out aliens whose ‘entry would be prejudicial to the interests of the United States. ’”  —   Mathews v. Diaz (1976): “(T) he responsibility for regulating the relationship between the United States and our alien visitors has been committed to the political branches of the Federal Government.   …     (Therefore, there is) a narrow standard of review of decisions made by the Congress or the President in the area of immigration and naturalization. ”  —   United States v.   (1982): “The power to regulate immigration  —   an attribute of sovereignty essential to the preservation of any nation  —   has been entrusted by the Constitution to the political branches of the Federal Government. ”  —   INS. v.   (1999): “(J) udicial deference to the Executive Branch is especially appropriate in the immigration context where officials ‘exercise especially sensitive political functions that implicate questions of foreign relations. ’” And on and on and on. There are lots of constitutional questions that reasonable people can disagree about. Whether the president can exclude foreigners from seven   countries is not one of them. But congressional Republicans are happy to ignore the Constitution, ignore the balance of powers, ignore written law, even to relinquish their own constitutional authority and let the courts run our foreign policy, just to be a part of the establishment’s STOP TRUMP movement. Instead of neurotically fixating on Russia in some fantasy camp imitation of Reagan, circa 1982, what we’d like these worthless Republicans to do is: Imitate Trump  —   circa now.",0
3248,"Tim Kaine Seems Likely for Hillary Clinton’s No. 2, but Liberals Balk - The New York Times","Democrats close to Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign signaled strongly Thursday that she would choose Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia as her running mate, rounding out the ticket with a popular politician from a battleground state. Both former President Bill Clinton and the White House have expressed their support for Mr. Kaine, but aides cautioned that Mrs. Clinton had not yet made a final decision and that other candidates were still under consideration. Mrs. Clinton is widely expected to announce her choice in an email to supporters while on a campaign swing in Florida on Friday afternoon, an attempt to regain momentum the day after her Republican opponent, Donald J. Trump, accepted his party’s nomination in Cleveland. With Mr. Kaine emerging as a clear favorite, one group already expressed disappointment at the prospect of the former governor of Virginia joining the ticket: liberals. Many of the groups that backed Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont in his Democratic contest against Mrs. Clinton had hoped she would extend an olive branch to the liberal wing of the party and choose a   candidate whose stances on Wall Street and global trade deals closely aligned with those of Mr. Sanders. But with the Democratic National Convention beginning in Philadelphia on Monday, the prospects have dimmed for the two liberal senators who were being considered, Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Sherrod Brown of Ohio. That has led to more liberal scrutiny of Mr. Kaine’s record. Mrs. Clinton’s campaign has kept a tight lid on its search for a   candidate. A spokeswoman for the campaign declined to comment. An aide to Ms. Warren planned to meet with Mrs. Clinton’s campaign manager, Robby Mook, on Thursday afternoon to discuss how they could work together, which was interpreted by some people with knowledge of the process as a sign that Mrs. Clinton had settled on a choice. Liberals say they are concerned about Mr. Kaine’s positions on global trade deals and Wall Street regulation. He has been an outspoken advocate of free trade and has defended the North American Free Trade Agreement, which many voters in Rust Belt states blame for the loss of manufacturing jobs to Mexico. He voted in support of “fast track” authority for the   Partnership, a   trade pact that President Obama has championed. Two others under consideration, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez, also supported the   Partnership. But Mr. Perez, who is popular among labor unions, has criticized Nafta, which Mr. Trump has called “a disaster. ” After praising the   Partnership as secretary of state, Mrs. Clinton has recently said as a candidate, “I don’t believe it’s going to meet the high bar I’ve set” on protecting American workers, the environment and other issues. About 60 percent of voters said trade with other countries caused job losses in the United States, according to the latest New York   News poll. Mr. Trump has a slight edge over Mrs. Clinton on the question of who voters consider better poised to tackle the trade issue. Putting Mr. Kaine on the ticket “could be disastrous for our efforts to defeat Donald Trump in the fall” because of his support of the   Partnership, said Charles Chamberlain, executive director of Democracy for America, a liberal political action committee. Mr. Kaine, the son of a welder who owned a small metalworking shop in a Kansas City suburb, could help Mrs. Clinton attract white male voters and independents. Those voters may prove more critical to her chances in November than the young liberal voters who backed Mr. Sanders in the primaries. As governor of Virginia, Mr. Kaine appealed to both Democrats in urban pockets and independents in rural areas, and established a reputation as a pragmatic consensus builder. “He’d appeal to people in the Midwest because that’s his roots,” said Carl Tobias, a law professor at the University of Richmond. And Mr. Tobias said Virginians across political lines considered him “a thoroughly decent and honest person. ” Mr. Sanders endorsed Mrs. Clinton this month, declaring she is “far and away the best candidate. ” And while polls suggest that most of his supporters plan to vote for her in November, some surveys suggest that only a small fraction of them will do so enthusiastically and that Mrs. Clinton remains unpopular with independents. “Hillary Clinton’s   pick will be seen by many as a proxy for how she will govern  —   boldly, or cautiously?” said Stephanie Taylor, a   of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee. She referred to the army of   donors who fueled Mr. Sanders’s candidacy, adding, “The wrong pick could deflate energy among potential donors and volunteers, hurting Democratic efforts to win the White House. ” No running mate can please every demographic and constituency. Senator Cory Booker, also in the running for the No. 2 spot, supported Gov. Chris Christie’s push in New Jersey to expand charter schools and implement   pay for teachers. Those positions made him deeply unpopular among the teachers’ unions who have been among Mrs. Clinton’s most loyal supporters. On Thursday, Mr. Booker, speaking from the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, defended Mrs. Clinton and derided Mr. Trump as “someone who has been so indiscriminate with his demeaning and degrading language. ” Asked about the prospect of Mr. Kaine on the Democratic ticket, Mr. Booker praised his Senate colleague. “Tim Kaine is one of the most honorable people I’ve met in all of politics. ”",0
3249,Rahm Emanuel Tells Dems to ’Take a Chill Pill’: ’It Ain’t Gonna Happen in 2018’ - Breitbart,"Monday in California at the Stanford Graduate School of Business, former Obama White House chief of staff and current Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said Democrats needed to “take a chill pill” and prepare for a   build up of the party.  Emanuel said, “2016, now Democrats are in the lowest level since 1928 in the House of Representatives and the lowest level since 1925 in the state houses. Not really good. ” adding,”It is hard to image it getting lower. ” He explained “You got to go out and create a farm team. In ’06 and ’08 everybody goes, ‘Oh that’s when we took back the House.’ You know I got a lot of crap for recruiting Iraq War vets, football players, sheriffs, business people. I said well they are running in Republican districts. I wanted to take cultural issues off the table and I wanted to present economic issues. We as Democrats like to walk around ideally  —    No you got to be ruthless enough. We recruited people who matched the district. If you’re running in a Republican district, you got to get at somebody who can win in a Republican district. Winning is everything. You don’t win, you can’t make the public policy. I say that because it is hard for people in our party to accept that principle. Sometimes you just got to win. Okay? Our party likes to be right even if they lose. ” He continued, “Democrats love doing a fire squad in a circle. Stop that. Don’t attack, they are too moderate. Forget about it. Stop it. This guy and these people are about to do something on the tax code, the regulatory environment and things that are more threatening than what a fellow Democrat might slightly disagree with you on. Stop it. We’re not strong enough to do that. ” He added, “It took us a long time to get this low. It ain’t gonna happen in 2018. Take a chill pill, man. You gotta be in this for the long haul. And if you think it’s going to be a quick turn around like that, it’s not. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
3250,Gonzaga Marches Into Its First Final Four by Routing Xavier - The New York Times,"SAN JOSE, Calif.  —   Mark Few’s father, Norm, was a Presbyterian minister for more than 50 years. He entered hundreds of couples into the bonds of matrimony and comforted the bereaved at more than a thousand funerals. When Few is asked about his legacy at Gonzaga, where he has coached the past 28 seasons, he thinks about his father’s accomplishments, and not how he has won far more basketball games than he has lost. But results do matter to Few. His charge is to win, and in his 18 years at the helm, he has presided over Gonzaga’s ascension from spunky upstart to midmajor darling to certifiable contender. He does not need validation or vindication, but now that the Bulldogs have advanced to the first Final Four in their history, he has it. Until Saturday, when   Gonzaga clobbered Xavier,   in the West Regional final, Few had won the most N. C. A. A. tournament games (24) among coaches who had never reached the national semifinals. This best version of Few’s best team played with fury and purpose, burying Xavier’s bid to become the fourth No. 11 seed to reach the Final Four. Gonzaga ( ) made a dozen   and disrupted the Musketeers near the rim with a fierceness that Xavier had yet to encounter during its unlikely stampede to the round of 8. As a measure of Gonzaga’s offensive efficiency, consider that it allowed more points before halftime than it had in any other game this season  —   39  —   and it still led by 10. That lead ballooned to 17 less than five minutes into the second half, and although Xavier’s fans chanted, “We believe,” they had no better luck forestalling the inevitable than its players did. Few has coached some superb teams, but none like this one, which has coalesced despite the fact that five members of its   rotation did not even wear a Gonzaga uniform last season. One transfer, Nigel   led Gonzaga with 23 points, and another, Johnathan Williams, added 19 points, 8 rebounds and 3 blocks and was selected as the region’s most outstanding player. The arrivals of all these talented players, accustomed to taking many shots and scoring loads of points, could have crashed the program, but the players subjugated their egos.   praised Josh Perkins, another point guard, for welcoming him. “We know how good you are,” Perkins said of the team’s attitude, “but we can be so much better together. ” And here the Bulldogs are, going to the Final Four, where they will play next Saturday in Glendale, Ariz. against the winner of Sunday’s East Regional final between Florida and South Carolina. To get there, Gonzaga overwhelmed a university that resembled itself  —   a small Jesuit school with no Final Four experience where basketball, not football, drives the sporting culture. “There’s no pro team there’s no football team,” Perkins said of Spokane, Wash. home to Gonzaga. “We’re pretty much it. We’re the celebrities we’re the role models. It’s fun, but you’ve got to win basketball games, or it’s not so good. ” On Perkins’s first day on campus, he was recognized at a Chipotle restaurant. That introduced him to the intensity of Gonzaga basketball fandom, which was on display not only at San Jose’s SAP Center  —   where fans packed several of the lower sections  —   but also back in Spokane. After the game, players in the locker room passed around a cellphone showing scenes of people there jumping around. “Spokane’s lit!” someone shouted. To Perkins’s point, things have been good at Gonzaga far more often than they have not  —   28 victories last season, 35 the season before, 29 in   32 in  . Aside from Gonzaga, only Wisconsin and North Carolina have reached the round of 16 the past three years. That consistency is the envy of so many programs, but that popular benchmark of greatness  —   the Final Four  —   had managed to elude the Bulldogs. They lost in their two previous regional finals, in 1999 and 2015, when they were underdogs, and the only other time they were seeded No. 1, in 2013, they lost to Wichita State in the second round. Gonzaga’s strong alumni base remains close to the program. Former players, like Kelly Olynyk, Jeremy Pargo and Matt Santangelo, have sent out encouraging text messages: “Hey, we couldn’t do it, so you guys do it. ” The Bulldogs did it by silencing a team that had trampled over one favorite after another, baffling   Maryland,   Florida State and, on Thursday,   Arizona with impenetrable defense. Gonzaga detonated that defense early and often. “I mean, they’re really good,” Xavier Coach Chris Mack said. “Sometimes, you just lose to a better team. ” That was about as close as Mack has gotten this postseason to acknowledging that a better team existed than his Musketeers, who proved they were far better than their seeding might suggest. On Tuesday, before they flew to San Jose, Mack showed players a video clip of confetti cascading onto a court. He asked how badly they wanted to experience that themselves, and then a ladder appeared. The Musketeers acted out a traditional   celebration, hooting and hollering as if in a packed arena instead of their auxiliary gym. They then placed the strands in a jar that contained the detritus of another motivational ploy, the ashes from the burning of February calendars that the staff had printed  —   with the results from Xavier’s five straight losses that month, all to teams that went on to make the N. C. A. A. tournament. Mack tried willing that act into a sequel here, but soon after the buzzer sounded Saturday, after Gonzaga’s players danced at center court, it was his counterpart who climbed the ladder. Few clipped the net, turned to the crowd and hinted at the possibilities in Arizona. “Might as well win it,” he said.",0
3251,Ed Secretary Betsy DeVos: Illegal ‘Students Should Not Be Concerned’ About Losing In-State Tuition - Breitbart,"While U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos toured schools in Miami, Florida last week, she told the Miami Herald that illegal immigrant students in Florida “should not be concerned” about losing   tuition because the Trump administration is “very supportive” of states deciding for themselves on such policy. [Referring to the words of Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly, DeVos said:  Well, as you well know [immigration] is an issue that’s been widely discussed within the administration and I yesterday referred to [Homeland Security Secretary] Gen. [John F.] Kelly’s comments about the fact that [undocumented] students should not be concerned. They should continue to focus on their studies and continue to pursue their educations. The administration is very supportive of states setting their direction and I would say that would be consistent here [for   tuition] too. In March, when asked about illegal immigrant students who fall into the domain of former President Barack Obama’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) policy, Kelly responded: I have a lot of things on my plate, a lot of criminals to apprehend and deport, that are here illegally, criminals beyond just the fact that they’re here illegally, and the least of my worries right now is anyone who falls under the general category of DACA  …    I can guarantee you that we have a lot of very bad people to go after, and the least of my worries are undocumented illegal aliens who are living lives. When asked about her relationship with former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, DeVos said, “We have shared many ideas in the past years. I served on the board of the organization he started and our paths have crossed many, many times over the years as we have done work in a variety of states. Our views and our heart for every child is very similar. ” DeVos said Bush has “reached out” to her “on a couple of occasions” since she assumed her post in Washington, D. C.",0
3252,"New York’s Sidewalks Are So Packed, Pedestrians Are Taking to the Streets - The New York Times","Ivette Singh hardly bothers to walk on the sidewalk on her way to work in Midtown Manhattan anymore. Too many people, too little space. Not enough patience. Instead, Ms. Singh can be found on the wrong side of the curb as she makes her way from Pennsylvania Station to her job on Third Avenue near 40th Street, and then back again. She prefers dodging yellow cabs and bicyclists to navigating sidewalks teeming with commuters, tourists and   vendors, all jostling for elbow room. “I don’t mind the walk, it’s just the people,” Ms. Singh, an account coordinator for the Univision television network, said. “Sometimes, they’re rude. They’re on top of you, no personal space. They’re smoking. It’s tough. ” Ms. Singh is just one among many pedestrians experiencing a growing phenomenon in New York City: sidewalk gridlock. While crowding is hardly a new problem in the city, the sidewalks that cemented New York’s reputation as a   walking city have become obstacle courses as more people than ever live and work in the city and tourism surges. The problem is particularly acute in Manhattan. Around Penn Station and the Port Authority Bus Terminal, two of the city’s main transit hubs, commuters clutching coffee cups and briefcases squeeze by one another during the morning and evening rushes. Throngs of shoppers and visitors sometimes bring swaths of Lower Manhattan to a standstill, prompting some local residents to cite clogged sidewalks as their biggest problem in a recent community survey. Foot traffic has slowed to a shuffle along some of the city’s most famous corridors. On Fifth Avenue, between 54th and 55th Streets, 26, 831 pedestrians  —   enough to fill Madison Square Garden and Radio City Music Hall combined  —   passed through in three hours on a weekday in May 2015, up from 20, 639 the year before, according to city data. Transportation officials are taking measures to alleviate the congestion. To help accommodate foot traffic, they are adding more pedestrian plazas across the city, expanding the presence of a streetscape feature first embraced by the administration of Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg. One is scheduled to open soon on 33rd Street near Penn Station. There are also plans to widen a   sidewalks in Flushing, Queens, in the next year (the city’s sidewalks vary in width, but must be at least five feet wide). While a crowded sidewalk is simply a symptom of a crowded city, it resonates deeply because it affects almost everyone. Unlike overstuffed subways or tourist attractions like, say, Times Square, there is no going around the sidewalks. They are to New York what freeways are to Los Angeles: an essential part of the infrastructure. Sidewalks not only get people from Point A to Point B, but also serve as a shared public space for rich and poor, native and tourist alike. “Sidewalks are the unifying glue of the city,” said Mitchell L. Moss, director of the Rudin Center for Transportation Policy and Management at New York University. “It’s the one part of the city that everyone has to use. You cannot avoid sidewalks. ” Crowded sidewalks are not just a New York problem. They have created bottlenecks and logistical hurdles and have raised safety concerns in cities across the country. Since 2013, public works officials in San Francisco have widened two sidewalks in Fisherman’s Wharf and the Castro, popular tourist areas with a lot of foot traffic. A third sidewalk project is planned for Second Street, one of the main routes to ATT Park, the baseball stadium where the Giants play. In Seattle, a busy stretch of East Pike Street in the Capitol Hill neighborhood that is lined with restaurants, bars and clubs was closed to cars on three Saturday nights last summer to make room for pedestrians overflowing from the sidewalks. “It just feels so jammed with humanity it becomes a rough situation,” said Joel Sisolak, sustainability and planning director for Capitol Hill Housing, a community development corporation that has worked with city officials to address the issue of crowded sidewalks. Space on New York’s sidewalks is at a premium at a time when the city’s population of 8. 5 million is higher than ever. Add in the record 59. 7 million visitors who are expected to descend on the city this year, up from 48. 8 million in 2010, and it is a recipe for thoroughfares packed like sardine cans. Chris Heywood, a spokesman for NYC  Company, which oversees the city’s tourism efforts, said his group was increasingly highlighting attractions outside Manhattan in hopes of dispersing visitors. Scott Gastel, a spokesman for the city’s Transportation Department, said it had conducted research into pedestrian behavior at crosswalks and had monitored pedestrian volumes at 100 street locations to track   trends in neighborhood commercial corridors. Along bustling 34th Street, the city has added about 20, 000 square feet of pedestrian space in recent years, including   bus bulbs that extend the sidewalk pavement to give bus riders more room to wait. In Lower Manhattan, overcrowded sidewalks topped the list of residents’ concerns in a survey conducted last year for the local community board. The problem was aggravated in some areas by sidewalk clutter such as construction scaffolding, large garbage bags, vendors and fixtures like lights, signs, newsstands, benches, planters and recycling bins. “You add all that up, and it’s difficult to walk on the narrow sidewalk,” said Catherine McVay Hughes, the community board’s chairwoman, whose term ended on Thursday. If there is an epicenter of crowded sidewalks in New York, it is near Penn Station, where pedestrians, food carts and newsstands all vie for space. Only London and Tokyo have sidewalks as congested, said Daniel A. Biederman, president of the 34th Street Partnership, which oversees the business district in the area. As many as 14, 000 pedestrians an hour walk in front of the Modell’s Sporting Goods store on Seventh Avenue near West 34th Street, according to 2015 data collected by the partnership. The commuter crowd is also growing. An average of 92, 314 riders boarded New Jersey Transit trains at Penn Station each weekday in fiscal year 2015, up from 79, 891 riders in fiscal year 2010. In the same period, average weekday boardings on New Jersey Transit buses at the Port Authority terminal also increased, to 78, 006 riders from 72, 506. Veteran pedestrians have tried to adapt. They shoulder their way into bike lanes or walk purposefully on the street alongside cars  —   eyes ahead, earphones in  —   forming a de facto express lane. They move en masse along Seventh and Eighth Avenues like a storm system on a weather map, heading north in the mornings and south in the evenings. “You know how the system works,” said Roque Santos, 48, a stagehand who commutes daily from Jersey City. “I cross the street even before the light changes to beat the crowd. ” Peter Raskin, a sports marketing executive, has made walking in the street part of his daily routine. He zipped north on Seventh Avenue the other morning, even when there was room on the sidewalk. “I’m used to it,” he said. “I stay in the street with my head down. ” In 2016, there had been 55 pedestrian fatalities as of Sunday, an improvement from the 79 fatalities for the same period in 2013. Michael D’Angelo, an accountant who works in Midtown, said that in the past year he had seen a   pedestrians walking in the street struck by cyclists. Still, Mr. D’Angelo said he often had no choice but to step off the curb because he could not get by all the people along Eighth Avenue. His bus home to Pennsylvania leaves Port Authority at 5:55 p. m. with or without him. “Everybody is trying to beat everybody,” he said, “because everybody has someplace to go. ” Then there are the inattentive walkers, those who text on their phones or read newspapers while moving, and the meandering tourists who seem oblivious to the ways of the street. They stop midstride, step on someone’s heel or cut off people without warning. The result? Sidewalk rage. “When you get    and New Yorkers, it’s like mixing Clorox with ammonia, it doesn’t work  —   there’s a chemical reaction,” said Jato Jenkins, a street worker, as he swept a stretch of Seventh Avenue. “The New Yorkers walk their normal route, and the    are going the opposite direction, like salmon going upstream. ” Mr. Jenkins said everyone was miserable and on edge, especially in the sweltering summer months, so that even the slightest bump could set off tempers. He said he had seen women cursing at each other and men pushing each other and grabbing each other’s shirts. Virginia Garcia said she had been on the receiving end of such outbursts. “People are running around like crazy, and they don’t stop,” said Ms. Garcia, who stands at the intersection of Seventh Avenue and West 36th Street with a sign advertising a local pub. “They push you, they hit you and they don’t care. ” David Wentz, a mail carrier who pushes a   cart around the garment district, said he tried to arrange his day around the busiest times for foot traffic. “It’s chaotic,” he said. “It’s like Disney World down here. ” But for Mr. Moss, of the Rudin Center at N. Y. U. crowded sidewalks show how far the city has come. During the 1970s, he pointed out, people used to avoid the sidewalks in the East Village and other neighborhoods for a different reason: They feared criminals and felt safer walking out in the open, down the middle of a street. Today, “people want to be in New York,” he said. “A crowded sidewalk is a sign of vitality. ”",0
3253,New Exoplanet Discoveries Reveal Red-Dwarf Stars as Likely Hosts to Large Populations of Earth-Like Water Worlds,"In August 2016, the announcement of the discovery of a terrestrial exoplanet orbiting in the habitable zone of Proxima Centauri (artists impression above) stimulated the imagination of experts and the general public. This star is the nearest star to our sun, though it is 10 times less massive and 500 times less luminous. This discovery, together with the discovery in May 2016 of a similar planet orbiting an even lower-mass star (Trappist-1), convinced astronomers that such red dwarfs (as these low-mass stars are called) might be hosts to a large population of Earth-like planets.
Computer simulations of the formation of planets orbiting in the habitable zones of low mass stars such as Proxima Centauri by astrophysicists at the University of Bern show that these planets are most likely to be roughly the size of the Earth and to contain large amounts of water.What might these objects look like? What could they be made of? Yann Alibert and Willy Benz at the Swiss NCCR PlanetS and the Center of Space and Habitability (CSH) at the University of Bern carried out the first computer simulations of the formation of planets expected to orbit stars 10 times less massive than the sun.
“Our models succeed in reproducing planets that are similar in terms of mass and period to the ones observed recently,” Alibert says regarding the results of the study, forthcoming as a letter in the journal Astronomy and Astrophysics. “Interestingly, we find that planets in close-in orbits around these type of stars are of small sizes. Typically, they range between 0.5 and 1.5 Earth radii with a peak at about 1.0 Earth radius. Future discoveries will tell if we are correct,” the researcher adds.
In addition, the astrophysicists determined the water content of the planets orbiting their small host stars in the habitable zone. They found that around 90 percent of the planets harbour more than 10 percent water. For comparison, the Earth has a fraction of water of only about .02 percent. The situation could be even more extreme if the protoplanetary disks in which these planets form persist longer than assumed in the models. In any case, these planets would be covered by very deep oceans at the bottom of which, owing to enormous pressure, water would be in form of ice.
Water is required for life as we know it. So could these planets be habitable? “While liquid water is generally thought to be an essential ingredient, too much of a good thing may be bad,” says Willy Benz. In previous studies, the scientists in Bern showed that too much water may prevent the regulation of the surface temperature and destabilize the climate. “But this is the case for the Earth; here, we deal with considerably more exotic planets that might be subjected to a much harsher radiation environment, and/or be synchronous,” he adds.
To start their calculations, the scientists considered a series of a few hundreds to thousands of identical, low-mass stars, and around each of them, a protoplanetary disk of dust and gas. Planets are formed by accretion of this material. Alibert and Benz assumed that at the beginning, there were 10 planetary embryos in each disk with an initial mass equal to the mass of the moon. In a few day’s computer time for each system, the model calculated how these randomly located embryos grew and migrated. What kind of planets are formed depends on the structure and evolution of the protoplanetary disks.
“Habitable or not, the study of planets orbiting very low-mass stars will likely bring exciting new results, improving our knowledge of planet formation, evolution, and potential habitability,” summarizes Benz. Because these stars are considerably less luminous than the sun, planets can be much closer to their stars before the surface temperature becomes too high for liquid water to exist. Considering that this type of star also represents the overwhelming majority of stars in the solar neighbourhood and that close-in planets are presently easier to detect and study, it is easy to understand why the existence of this population of Earth-like planets is of importance.
The Daily Galaxy via University of Bern 
Source: Daily Galaxy 
",0
3254,Trump’s First 100 Days; Obama’s Last 70 Days,"Email 
President-elect Donald Trump will be extremely busy during his first 100 days in office, fulfilling what he can of his “ contract with the American voter .” Before then, lame-duck President Barack Obama, on the other hand, will be concentrating on cementing into place as much of his healthcare and environmental agenda as he can. Neither is likely to succeed fully. 
Trump has promised to “drain the swamp” in Washington, with plans to propose a constitutional amendment imposing term limits on all members of Congress. He promises to install a “hiring freeze” on all federal employees, letting natural attrition over time reduce the federal workforce. He intends to require that every new federal regulation include plans to eliminate two others simultaneously. 
Trump intends in his first 100 days either to renegotiate or repeal NAFTA, and withdraw altogether from the not-yet-ratified TPP. And he plans to ""repeal and replace"" ObamaCare. 
He is promising to lift Obama administration restrictions on energy development and move ahead with the completion of the Keystone Pipeline. He intends to turn off the flow of funds to the United Nations’ climate-change programs and redirect those funds to various infrastructure projects at home. 
And he has promised to “cancel every unconstitutional executive action, memorandum and order issued by President Obama.” 
Trump has other plans as well, but those mentioned above are likely to keep him very busy during his first 100 days in office. 
In the White House there will be activity of a different sort between now and Trump's inauguration: the outgoing president doing what he can to salvage all he can of his fading legacy. He had high hopes that Hillary Clinton would work to cement into place ObamaCare with various governmental “fixes,"" reopen negotiations over the TPP (despite her protestations against it during her campaign), and extend and expand various UN treaties sold as campaigns against global warming and climate change but actually giving up huge swaths of national sovereignty in the continued building of the New World Order. 
With Trump now breathing down his neck and determined to undermine as much of that “progress” as he can, Obama will be reduced to issuing executive orders (which Trump has promised to negate), commuting sentences of favorite insiders caught with their hands in the federal cookie jar, and pardons. Pardons for Hillary (and Bill), Hillary's main man John Podesta, along with Huma Abedin and her estranged husband Anthony Weiner for crimes they haven’t yet been charged with are already being floated. Executive orders can be reversed; pardons can’t, and some are suggesting Obama still has plenty of business left undone and havoc that he can wreak during the final days of his unlamented administration. 
According to William Howell, a political scientist at the University of Chicago, this anticipated burst of activity by Obama is predictable: ""What we’ve seen in the past is when the outgoing president is replaced by somebody from the opposition party, then in the waning months of their presidency there is a burst of regulatory and rule-making activity."" 
In the days leading up to the inauguration of the new president, Obama is going to be relying heavily upon his “pen,” while in the days afterward Trump will be busy using an eraser to clear the decks for his new agenda. Photo: AP Images 
An Ivy League graduate and former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American magazine and blogs frequently at LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. . Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
3255,Spicer: Sanctuary Cities ’Have the Blood of Dead Americans on Their Hands’ - Breitbart,"Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “America’s Newsroom,” White House press secretary Sean Spicer elaborated on a statement he offered earlier reacting to a federal judge’s ruling against an executive order threatening to strip federal funding from U. S. cities that function as   sanctuary cities.  In that statement, it said sanctuary cities had the “blood of dead of Americans on their hand. ” “[S]an Francisco, and cities like it, are putting the   of criminal aliens before the safety of our citizens, and those city officials who authored these policies have the blood of dead Americans on their hands,” the White House statement read, referring to the 2015 Kate Steinle shooting by an illegal immigrant. “This San Francisco judge’s erroneous ruling is a gift to the criminal gang and cartel element in our country, empowering the worst kind of human trafficking and sex trafficking, and putting thousands of innocent lives at risk. ” Also in that statement, White House indicated it would prevail before the Supreme Court in overturning that federal judge’s ruling. “America’s Newsroom” anchor Bill Hemmer asked Spicer on what grounds the White House thought the Supreme Court would side on its side, to which Spicer said the executive order was within the authorities it has been given under U. S. code. “On the same grounds as the court ruled,” Spicer replied. “Ironically, the court agreed with the president’s interpretation of the authorities that he has given under U. S. Code. Where they differed is the interpretation of the intent of it which is outside of what they should be looking at. The U. S. Code makes it clear this president has the full authority to do what’s necessary to protect this country and to present grant money in a way he sees fit. The idea that any judge or any jurisdiction would not be wanting to help make sure that we can protect our citizens runs counter to what we should be looking for as citizens and laws supporting to do. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
3256,Cal Poly Leftists Plan ’Satanist’ Counter-Event Against MILO - Breitbart,"The Cal Poly Students for Quality Education (SQE) club are partnering with The Satanic Temple and San Luis Obispo   Action to sponsor a   “Demonic  ” Satanist event on campus. [“In celebration of free speech and satanism on the left, SQE is partnering with other progressive orgs to claim space!” declared Cal Poly SQE in a flyer posted to their Facebook page. “One night only! #ReclaimCSU #DumpTrump #FreeSpeechNotHateSpeech #MILO. ”  The headline of the flier also reads “GOD COULDN’T SAVE AMERICA IN 2016  …     TIME TO GIVE THE OTHER GUY A CHANCE! One Night Only at the Cal Poly University Union A DEMONIC DOUBLE FEATURE,” and the event will feature two films with satanic themes: Invocation of My Demon Brother (1969) and ReGoreGitated Sacrifice (2008). Cal Poly SQE, along with other progressive activist clubs on campus, have fought tirelessly against MILO’s appearance at Cal Poly, and on Friday heralded UC Davis’ cancellation of MILO’s event. “When we organize, we WIN!” wrote the group in a Facebook post. “#ShutITDOWN! Unbelievably happy for this win —  solidarity with UC Davis students! !! #PowerToTheStudents #DemocratizeUC #ReclaimCSU. ” In  for its own general meetings, Cal Poly SQE claims to fight for “free tuition, housing, food and healthcare for all students,” “women’s rights,” “immigrants,” “queer and trans folks,” and “racial, economic and social justice. ” Cal Poly SQE can now officially add “Satanism” to their laundry list of progressive causes. CORRECTION: The previous description for this article mistakenly claimed that Cal Poly SQE had partnered with The Satanic Temple to host their event. The Satanic Temple have since reached out to clarify that they have nothing to do with the event, and reject Cal Poly SQE’s celebration of the shutdown of MILO at UC Davis. Their full comments, which emphasize The Satanic Temple’s robust commitment to free speech, can be read in a   article here.",0
3257,PATRIOT Act At 15: Do You Feel Safer?,"Yesterday was the 15th anniversary of President George W. Bush signing the PATRIOT Act into law. It was supposed to be only a temporary measure to address the emergency situation caused by the attacks of 9/11. Fifteen years later it has been re-authorized many times and last year some of its worst parts were codified into law in the USA FREEDOM Act. From the War Powers Resolution, to the FISA Court, to the “reform” USA FREEDOM Act, bills that were designed to rein in government abuses end up just giving government more power. Is there anything we can do about it? Ron Paul Institute Senior Fellow Adam Dick joins today’s Ron Paul Liberty Report to discuss:

Reprinted from The Ron Paul Institute for Peace & Prosperity . 
",0
3258,Bill Maher: That ‘Lesser Of Two Evils’ Election Argument Is ‘BULLSH*T!’ (VIDEO),"Bill Maher: That ‘Lesser Of Two Evils’ Election Argument Is ‘BULLSH*T!’ (VIDEO) By Andrew Bradford on October 29, 2016 Subscribe 
Since it first became clear that this year’s nominees for their respective parties would be Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, there’s been some whining among voters that they are being forced to choose between the “lesser of two evils.” And for those people, Real Time host Bill Maher has a very simple but direct message : “Grow the fu*k up!” 
On his show last night, Maher directly confronted the “less of two evils” griping by explaining what’s at stake in this election: “Republicans have one path to this election and it’s ‘false equivalency.’ They can’t deny Trump is horrible – it’s on tape. So they want voters to believe that Hillary is just as bad. And in pursuit of that goal they have a very powerful ally — lazy people. “People who like to say, ‘they’re all bad.’ Because when you say that, you don’t have to do any homework. Say, ‘they’re all the same,’ and you can sound justifiably jaded by the entire process when, really, you just don’t know anything.” 
Finally, Maher directed his comments at millennial voters who he said are wrongly obsessed with “bullshit” trivia: “I am so tired of hearing that Hillary doesn’t seem genuine. Grow the fuck up.” 
Exactly! Hillary isn’t “genuine?” So would you rather have a man who is a genuine serial sexual assaulter of women and a threat to the national and economic security of the United States? Those of us who care about what happens in the future because we love our children need to put aside our petty picking at a woman who has devoted her life to helping others and elect her as President. If we fail to do so, future generations will never forgive us. 
Featured Image Via YouTube Screengrab About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect",0
3259,This is What Happens When You Google “PATHOLOGICAL LIAR”,"0 comments 
On Sunday night, just days after the FBI officially re-opened their criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton, someone played with Google’s search algorithm, according to The Political Insider . 
If you searched “pathological liar,” a picture of Hillary Clinton appeared next to the definition of the term. 
“It is a stand-alone disorder as well as a symptom of other disorders such as psychopathy and antisocial, narcissistic, and historic personality disorders, but people who are pathological liars may not possess characteristics of the other disorders,” read the definition to the left of Clinton’s headshot. 
“Excessive lying is a common symptom of several mental disorders.” 
Take a look… 
If you searched “45th US President,” something even better appeared: 
Google has since changed their search results to appease the left, but thankfully, these screenshots were taken just in time!",0
3260,20 Wines for Under $20: The Fall Edition - The New York Times,"I hear it all the time: Where should I look for the best wine values? The answer is simple: They are all around you. You have to keep your eyes and ears open, and even so, sometimes they are hard to find. But in my research for this latest installment of 20 Under $20, I have reaffirmed some key principles for getting the most wine for your money. Why? Simply because the diversity of wines available from, say, France or Italy (home to a vast number of ancient, indigenous grapes) far exceeds the variety made in the United States, where few producers depart from the handful of most popular grapes. That said, five of my 20 choices are American, exceeded by only the six from France. Even that price is more than many people want to pay. For those who wish to spend less, many sound bottles are available for less than $15. But I am not searching for sound. I want exciting and distinctive, which often requires more   expensive farming and winemaking. I am willing to pay a little more because exciting wine is important to me. That’s an individual decision, but the fact remains that your chances of finding distinctive bottles grow exponentially in the $15 to $25 range. You will not find most of these bottles at the supermarket, and even if you have a great wine shop, you still will not find all these bottles. But you may find a few, and those that you don’t find immediately are worth keeping in the back of your mind for when you happen upon them in another vintage or on a restaurant list. Most wines are good values because they do not have the sort of pedigree that almost always raises prices. Many come from   regions, made from   grapes. Trying them requires a commitment to the unknown. Exceptions exist, of course, like the bottle of Napa Valley cabernet sauvignon on this list. You may love some of these wines. Others not so much. Distinctive bottles can often be polarizing. So be prepared not to love everything you try. This is the corollary to finding a great wine shop. Even great stores won’t have everything. Arcane, complex American laws governing distribution of alcoholic beverages virtually assure that every state will have a very different selection. But if they can’t find the exact bottle you are looking for, good wine merchants can often suggest something similar. Trust them (and see above on keeping an open mind). Peter Lauer Mosel Saar Riesling Barrel X 2015, $19. 99 This is a beautiful, delicate, lightly sweet riesling of the type that was classically called kabinett and is now sometimes referred to as feinherb. It’s well balanced, with flavors of apples, peaches and minerals, from an excellent vintage. I love wines like these in the spring, but who doesn’t need a little springtime in autumn? (Vom Boden, Brooklyn, N. Y.) Domaine Trapet Alsace Pinot Auxerrois Ox 2013, $17. 99 Domaine Trapet Père et Fils is an excellent Burgundy estate, and now, by virtue of a marriage, it also has an outpost in Alsace. This lovely white, made with the workhorse auxerrois grape (sometimes known as pinot auxerrois) is chalky, creamy and minerally with a rich texture, but not heavy at all. (Polaner Selections, Mount Kisco, N. Y.)   Luyt Chile Itata Valley Pipeño Portezuelo 2014, $18. 99, 1 liter País, as the mission grape is known in Chile, was the first European grape planted in the New World, brought by missionaries to California in the 16th century. You don’t see much wine made from mission in California, but   Luyt, a Frenchman who moved to Chile, makes juicy, tart, delicious reds from   grapes he finds in the southern Itata Valley. An added benefit: This is sold by the liter. (  Selections, New York) António Lopes Ribeiro Dão Casa de Mouraz Encruzado 2013, $18. 99 Encruzado is a rare, relatively unknown white grape grown in the Dão region of Portugal, but if this bottle from António Lopes Ribeiro’s Casa de Mouraz is at all representative, it is absolutely worth seeking out. This wine is fresh and floral, light and sleek, yet structured with intriguing mineral flavors. (Savio Soares Selections, Brooklyn, N. Y.) Gutiérrez Colosía Jerez Oloroso Sangre y Trabajadero NV, $19. 99, 375 milliliters Despite a brief bubble of interest in sherry, it remains a top value and one of the great secrets of wine lovers. Even those who’ve embraced the wonders, though, often stop with fino and amontillado. Oloroso is the great sherry frontier, and this is a wonderful example: savory, steely, deeply mineral, bone dry with a core of caramel. Serve with a   steak. (Coeur Wine Company, New York) Roagna Dolcetto d’Alba 2014, $17. 99 Nebbiolo is renowned for its complex,   soulful Barolos and Barbarescos. Barbera is valued for its juicy, zesty reds. Which leaves dolcetto, the   among the three   red grapes in the Piedmont region of Italy. That oversight can often make it a great value. This bottle, from a superb producer, is pure and refreshingly bitter, direct, honest and delicious. (Polaner Selections) Domaine Zafeirakis Tyrnavos Malagousia 2015, $15. 99 A new generation of Greek producers is nurturing obscure, indigenous grapes like the white malagousia. This bottle, from Christos Zafeirakis in Trynavos in the Thessaly region, is zesty, peachy and balanced, with lingering flavors that will go well with seafood. Zafeirakis’s red limniona is likewise a great value. (Dionysi Grevenitis   Wildman  Sons, New York) Lise  Bertrand Jousset Montlouis sur Loire L’appétillant Brut Nature NV, $18. 99 Sparkling wines from the Loire Valley, made with chenin blanc, are often wonderful values. This one, from Montlouis, is lovely: creamy, chalky and deliciously rich. It is also, as the French like to say, digestible, meaning both that it will go down very easily and will go very well with food. May I suggest chicken? (Fruit of the Vines, Long Island City, N. Y.) Foxglove Paso Robles Zinfandel 2013, $17 Bob and Jim Varner make excellent chardonnays and pinot noirs from the Santa Cruz Mountains and the Central Coast. Foxglove is the Varner winery’s second label, and the 2013 zinfandel offers an excellent taste of the Varner style: exuberant, yet well focused. This is the sort of zinfandel I love to drink in the fall, fresh and floral with plenty of spicy fruit flavors. Jo Landron Muscadet Sèvre et Maine Le Fief du Breil 2013, $17. 99 Muscadet is perennially one of wine’s great values. The region, near the mouth of the Loire River on the Atlantic, offers fascinating terroirs and excellent producers, yet attracts little attention  —   hence low prices. This   wine, from the terrific Jo Landron, is creamy and energetic, full of rocky, earthy, herbal flavors. The best Muscadets are subtle, and so demand close attention, but they are well worth it. (Martin Scott Wines, New York) La Marca di San Michele Castelli di Jesi Verdicchio Classico Superiore “CapoVolto” 2014, $17. 99 Verdicchio is one of many grapes that gave Italian white wine a bad name over the years, but when done right, as with this bottle from La Marca di San Michele, it is delightful. This wine, from organic grapes grown in the eastern province of Ancona, is fresh and lively, with the flavor of apricots and a mild bitterness reminiscent of almonds. (Kermit Lynch Wine Merchant, Berkeley, Calif.) Banshee Sonoma Coast Chardonnay 2014, $19. 99 This is a rare example of a moderately priced California chardonnay with an excellent pedigree. The grapes come from the Sonoma Coast, an amorphous designation that can be meaningless, but in this case includes grapes from the superb Heintz Vineyard and the Green Valley region. Ross Cobb is a fine winemaker, and, while this is in the California style of bold fruit framed by toasty oak, it has plenty of acidity and no artifice. Bravo. Domaine Nicolas Gonin   Dauphinoises Persan Mondeuse 2013, $19. 99 Thank goodness this wine exists. It comes from a   region in eastern France and is made from two grapes that have practically disappeared, persan and mondeuse. Yet it’s an utter joy: fresh, honest and slightly funky with warm flavors of red fruits and herbs, and only 10 percent alcohol. Knock it back with sausages and be thankful that what used to be still is. (M. F. W. Wine  . Elenteny Imports, New York)   Brun Terres Dorées Beaujolais l’Ancien Vieilles Vignes 2014, $16. 99 Whatever the season, I always crave Beaujolais. It’s a staple because it’s so versatile and delicious. Many producers are doing great work there today, but   Brun has been doing it for a long time. This straight Beaujolais, from one of the region’s less acclaimed terroirs, is surprisingly rich. It’s bright, earthy and joyous, great at any time. (  Selections) Giornata Central Coast Il Campo Red 2014, $19. 99 This is a field blend of Italian grapes grown in California, including sangiovese, aglianico, barbera and nebbiolo. It’s bright, balanced, sunny and focused, not complex but refreshing and tremendously satisfying. It comes from the people who make Broadside, a 20 Under $20 favorite for its delicious,   cabernet sauvignon. Borja Pérez González Ycoden Daute Isora Ignios Orígenes Listán Negro 2013, $19. 99 The Canary Islands are a wonderful source for intriguing   wines. This one, made from listán negro grapes grown in Ycoden Daute Isora, the western region of Tenerife, is reminiscent of good cabernet franc, pure red fruit leavened by the strong presence of herbal flavors. It’s deep, long, brisk and lingering. (David Bowler Wine, New York) Grochau Cellars Willamette Valley Pinot Noir Commuter Cuvée 2014, $17. 99 Grochau Cellars is new to me, but judging from this bottle, it’s an excellent source for that rare treat:   pinot noir from good terroirs, grown and produced conscientiously. Commuter Cuvée shows bright aromas of red and black fruit fruits intermingled with herbs and flowers. It’s fresh, easygoing and ready to drink. Guímaro Ribeira Sacra Tinto Mencía 2014, $16. 99 If you like   reds that combine fresh fruit flavors and a distinctive sense of place, keep in mind Ribeira Sacra and the mencía grape. This immensely satisfying bottle is fresh and earthy, with flavors of bright red fruit infused with an almost slatelike minerality. It is unoaked and direct, not intended for long aging. (A José Pastor    Gourmet, Richmond, Calif.) Route Stock Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon Route 29 2013, $19. 99 Route Stock is a label owned by Wilson Daniels, a big wine importer. I wouldn’t ordinarily look to it as a source for wines (other than its imports, of course). But this is a very good, straightforward Napa cabernet sauvignon, well shaped and lightly tannic, with flavors of dark fruits, earth and herbs that are unexaggerated. How often can you find that for $20? Bring on the burgers and lamb chops. Château Peybonhomme Les Tours Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux Quintessence de Peybonhomme 2012, $19. 99 The   regions of Bordeaux, like Blaye Côtes de Bordeaux on the right bank of the Gironde, are often touted as sources of great bargains. I don’t often find that to be true, but this is an exception. This wine, made from biodynamically grown merlot mixed with a small percentage of cabernet sauvignon, is   lightly tart and, as with all good Bordeaux, absolutely refreshing. (Fruit of the Vines)",0
3261,French Election: Fillon’s Fate Hinges on Paris Rally,"PARIS (AP)  —   The Latest on France’s presidential campaign (all times local):[3:40 p. m.  Waving French flags in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower, thousands have gathered to show support for conservative Francois Fillon’s troubled presidential candidacy. The Paris rally could be Fillon’s last stand, amid growing pressure on him to quit the race because of corruption allegations. Dozens of buses brought supporters from around France, while riot police stood guard around the Place de Trocadero. Retirees Luc and Marie Houllier braved rainy, blustery weather to denounce what they see as a   investigation of   jobs for Fillon’s family. Luc said that “he is the only one who can raise France up again. ” Fillon’s chances for the     election have fallen since the corruption allegations emerged. Older people, who make up Fillon’s most loyal voter base, constituted a large part of Sunday’s crowd, along with parents of young children.   are also being held.  —   11:00 a. m. France’s presidential campaign is facing a potential turning point as conservative candidate Francois Fillon, facing corruption charges, holds a rally that could determine whether he stays in the race. Sunday’s rally across from the Eiffel Tower is meant to gauge Fillon’s remaining support after numerous defections by allies. They’re disillusioned by how he has handled the investigation into allegations he arranged parliamentary jobs for his wife and children that they never performed. Fillon’s wife Penelope urged her husband to stay in the race in a newspaper interview published Sunday. They deny wrongdoing. If Fillon quits, many conservatives want Alain Juppe to run in his place for the     vote. Fillon was once the   but polls now favor centrist Emmanuel Macron and   leader Marine Le Pen.",0
3262,G.O.P. Senators Hope to Speed Trump Cabinet Confirmations - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Senate Republicans will move this week to speed the confirmation of President Trump’s cabinet, an effort that has been stymied by the combination of lax preparation by Mr. Trump’s transition team, his many unorthodox nominees and Democrats spoiling for a fight, albeit with few cards in their deck. On Monday, the Senate will vote on the confirmation of Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas to lead the Central Intelligence Agency, after Democrats used one of the few procedural maneuvers left to them to force a debate on his inevitable approval. Republicans had hoped to push through Mr. Pompeo and others last Friday, but were able to confirm only two: James N. Mattis for defense secretary and John F. Kelly to lead homeland security. President Obama had seven nominees approved on his first day in office. Also on Monday, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee will vote on Mr. Trump’s pick for secretary of state, Rex W. Tillerson, whose road to confirmation has been bumpy. Mr. Tillerson received a lift on Sunday when two Republicans, Senator John McCain of Arizona and Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, said they would support him, after weeks of public hedging. Mr. Tillerson, the former chief executive of Exxon Mobil, has drawn scrutiny over his business connections with Russia and his personal relationship with President Vladimir V. Putin. Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, has hinted that he might join Democrats in rejecting Mr. Tillerson, which would lead to the unusual spectacle of a nominee facing the full Senate without a positive recommendation from the committee that held his confirmation hearing. Other nominees have been impeded by attempts to untangle their conflicts of interest, a process that Mr. Trump’s transition team started far later than its predecessors and that has led to embarrassing revelations. A committee vote for Betsy DeVos, a billionaire who is Mr. Trump’s nominee for education secretary, has been delayed by a week to give senators more time to review her voluminous ethics paperwork, which was released after her hearing last week. Other nominees have been delayed for similar reasons. Last week, Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina, Mr. Trump’s choice for White House budget director, disclosed that he had failed to pay more than $15, 000 in payroll taxes for a household employee. Steven T. Mnuchin, Mr. Trump’s Treasury secretary nominee, failed to list nearly $100 million in assets on his federal disclosure forms, an oversight that gave Democrats a club with which to beat on him in his Finance Committee hearing last week. “Advise and consent doesn’t mean ram it through,” Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, said on NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday. “If I were the Republicans, of course I’d want to ram a cabinet like this through. ” Whether these mistakes will thwart the eventual confirmation of any nominee remains in doubt. For all the intraparty rancor and “ ” during the campaign, Republicans appear to have closed ranks on Capitol Hill to protect their unusual president and his cabinet choices, for now. They have, when possible, prevented Democrats from grilling the nominees too hard, as was the case with Ms. DeVos, when Republicans shut down the hearing after one round of questions from eager lawmakers. Ms. DeVos had been struggling through a series of befuddling answers that raised questions about her grasp of federal education policy, including one flourish  —   replayed widely on social media and cable television  —   in which she suggested that school officials should be armed to protect against prospective grizzly bears on the premises. In other cases, Republicans have rushed to the defense of nominees under fire, as when Senator Pat Roberts, Republican of Kansas, suggested during Mr. Mnuchin’s hearing that Senator Ron Wyden, Democrat of Oregon, needed to take a Valium. For their part, Democrats showed the frustration that is likely to surface repeatedly now that they have lost the White House and do not have the filibuster available to them. But their approach in confirmation hearings, raw and blunt after a bitter election defeat, probably presages the tactics that lawmakers are already learning in the Trump era  —   and the defensive maneuvers Republicans will employ. Senator Cory Booker, Democrat of New Jersey, excoriated the civil rights record of Senator Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama and Mr. Trump’s pick for attorney general, breaking with a   Senate custom of comity in the chamber. Democrats lobbed hours of questions at Representative Tom Price of Georgia, the nominee for secretary of health and human services, about his trading of stocks in health care companies that may have benefited from his legislating, keeping Mr. Price on the defensive heading into another confirmation hearing this week. “I’ve noticed that the questioning frequently has an edge to it,” said Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine. “That is not to say that there aren’t legitimate questions to be asked of the nominees. But it’s the way they’re asked that I’ve found to be different this time. ” The Senate typically confirms nearly all of a president’s cabinet, and many Democrats, if not most, will vote for the bulk of Mr. Trump’s nominees. Democrats changed Senate rules when they were in power to make cabinet nominees subject to a mere majority  —   rather than 60  —   vote threshold, empowering Mr. Trump to send up more conservative and unusual choices. Their numbers limited, Democrats have opted to put Republicans on the defensive as much as possible. Mr. Booker’s decision to testify against a fellow senator particularly rankled opponents, who accused him of grandstanding. In other moments, Republicans have chafed more at Democrats’ tone than at the content of their remarks. Democrats are eager to argue the irony of any complaints about partisanship and obstructionism. Many remain bitter over Republicans’ blockade of Merrick B. Garland, Mr. Obama’s choice for the Supreme Court in his final year in office. “The Republican majority in the United States Senate refused a hearing and a vote on a nominee to fill a vacancy in the U. S. Supreme Court,” said Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, after Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, chastised Democrats for refusing to consent to a speedy confirmation of nominees on Friday. “That position on the highest court in the land remained vacant because of the specific political strategy of the Republican leader on the other side. ” Others have pointed to the relentless inquiries into Hillary Clinton and the 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya, wondering aloud why only a single round of questions was allowed in hearings for Ms. DeVos and Mr. Price. After going over his allotted time questioning Mr. Price, Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota, grumbled that he would cede time in the nonexistent second round. Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee and the chairman of the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, was not amused. He later noted that Mr. Price had been questioned more than any nominee to the post in more than two decades. “You may be here by yourself,” Mr. Alexander told Mr. Franken. “The Benghazi hearing was 11 hours,” Mr. Franken shot back. “That’s all I’m saying. ” Paul C. Light, a professor of public service at New York University who has worked on Capitol Hill as an adviser on transitions, said the confirmation process had made clear that standards for acceptable nominee conduct have changed. “There doesn’t seem to be any controversy about things that used to be controversial,” he said. “We’ve lowered the bar in terms of offenses that would have taken out nominees. ”",0
3263,The U.S. National Bird Is Now a Drone,MQ-1 Predator unmanned aircraft (Lt Col Leslie Pratt/US Air Force),0
3264,Irvine Unveils Memorial to Honor Fallen Heroes in Iraq and Afghanistan - Breitbart,"Gold Star families gathered in the Southern California city of Irvine on Sunday for the unveiling of the expanded Northwood Gratitude and Honor Memorial, which recognizes and memorializes the soldiers who have died defending the U. S. in Iraq and Afghanistan since 2003. [The Los Angeles Times reports: “Ten Gold Star families   …     held hands, they prayed and they revealed nightmarish memories of learning about the deaths of their loved ones  —   openly sharing so that they can continue to heal. ”  A crowd of about 300 gathered for the ceremony. The memorial has been expanded each year. The memorial’s website explains: This is the nation’s first memorial dedicated exclusively to listing the names of all the fallen American service members in Afghanistan and Iraq. Since 2003, a simple memorial for the country’s military fallen in Afghanistan and Iraq was set up in the Southern California city of Irvine by members of the community on the week before Memorial Day and then removed the week after Independence Day. For years the community and visitors from all over the country have come to share in the fellowship at the site of the Northwood Gratitude and Honor Memorial. The names of every service member who has died in Afghanistan and Iraq had been displayed on the wooden posts of the temporary memorial. Now their names are engraved in granite in a permanent memorial, to assure that future generations of Americans will remember and honor them with gratitude as we do today. The panels carry the names of all those who died in Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation New Dawn. One participant stressed the importance of helping those who died after they returned home, through the ongoing challenge of veteran suicide. Other ceremonies to remember the fallen will continue throughout California on Memorial Day, particularly at the many national cemeteries across the Golden State, including Bakersfield, Fort Rosecrans, Golden Gate, Los Angeles, Miramar, Riverside, Sacramento Valley, San Francisco, and San Joaquin Valley. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak. Photo: file",0
3265,Starstruck and Party-Fanatic: The Moral Paradox of Trump Support,"Starstruck and Party-Fanatic: The Moral Paradox of Trump Support Posted on Oct 28, 2016 
By Juan Cole / Informed Comment 
Donald J. Trump’s poll numbers in California have cratered down to 28% . If he actually does that poorly in the election, he will set a record for poor performance of a presidential candidate in California. Ever. 
What is difficult to explain is why he isn’t doing that poorly everywhere. Let’s just review what Trump says he stands for: 
* Manhandling of women without their consent * Torture * Suggested that crime in Baltimore spiked because we have an African-American president * Jail time for women who have an abortion. * Reducing taxes paid by billionaires. * Stigmatizing Latinos as rapists and felons * Revival of the Ku Klux Klan without the sheets * Carpet-bombing civilian cities to get at ISIL * Unconstitutional treatment of US citizens of Muslim faith * Passage of political libel laws as a means to censor the press 
Most Americans are opposed to these planks of the Trump platform. So why is he still winning any states in the polls? 
I think there are two things going on here that give Trump a floor in many states that he does not have in California. Those two things are his celebrity status and blind party loyalty. 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
Trump is a celebrity of a sort we have never had run for president. Ronald Reagan, a B actor in his youth, was not in the same category. When Reagan ran for president in 1980 his acting days were long behind him and few people in the electorate cared about his old black and white films. Trump, in contrast, was on a popular reality show for 11 seasons and until just before he announced his run. Early in its run, the Apprentice got as many as 20 million viewers. It is true that the audience rapidly dropped thereafter, but nevertheless Trump was before millions of people a week. 
Most politicians have to spend time introducing themselves to the public. Most everybody knew who Trump was. I have a strong suspicion that this name recognition has inflated Trump’s poll numbers in the generals. That is, there are a lot of Americans who don’t follow politics. 42% of them don’t bother to vote in a typical presidential election. Many of the rest aren’t paying much attention until September and October just before Election Day. So in most years when pollsters call in August and ask people who they are voting for and name the two candidates, I think they probably get a lot of suspicious answers because some proportion of their sample has never heard of that person or can’t describe what the candidate stands for. 
Not so in the case of Donald Trump. (Hillary Clinton, of course, also probably has high name recognition, but she hasn’t been in people’s living rooms the way Trump has. And no, I don’t mean it that way.) 
Moreover, Americans are often forgiving of their celebrities’ foibles. Celebrities are there to entertain us or offer us power fantasies, not to behave themselves. Los Angeles prosecutors notoriously have an uphill battle in getting jurors to convict even obviously guilty celebrities. Whereas Americans at least always used to be puritanical in their expectations of politicians, they are tolerant of moral lapses in the Hollywood set. Trump confuses many of them because he is both a celebrity and a politician, but many are more willing to be lenient with him than they likely would be with some lawyer they’d never heard of who was running for office. 
The other distorting variable here is party loyalty. Perhaps the rise of social media has cemented party polarization in the US. There were people in the old days who voted Clinton and then voted Bush (white Protestant women did so in droves). But party loyalty seems to have solidified with the rise of social media. Maybe it is embarrassing to switch sides in public when you’ve been involved in Twitter or Facebook slamming matches on behalf of the last party you voted for. 
A lot of Republicans are clearly clinging to Trump despite the Billy Bush tape and subsequent charges from the women he’s groped. These include evangelicals and ‘blue hairs’ (the little old white ladies who are reliably Republican and usually morally censorious). Some 82% of self-identified Republican women are still supporting Trump, groping and all. 
So why is California different here? Well, in part it just no longer has many Republicans. About half of the some 40 million Californians are registered to vote. About 28.9 % of those registered voters are Republicans. So the party-loyalty distorting factor may still be at work there. But the GOP in California long ago tied itself to the declining white population (now a minority) and so suffered an implosion. National GOP policy and certainly that of Trump is making the same mistake, which is why they can’t win national presidential elections any more. 
Second, Trump has lost many women independents , those famous ‘soccer moms’ who voted for Bill Clinton and then switched to W. 
So we should expect Trump everywhere to be getting about the same percentage support as the percentage of registered voters who are Republicans. Hence, he wins in Alabama. And he might even do a little better than that, gaining those independents (especially men) willing to wink at a celebrity’s hi jinx if only he will get the Federal government off their backs and halt immigration. 
I usually don’t hold people’s votes against them on moral grounds. People make their own judgments in politics and there are good people in both parties. 
But I think there is a moral deficit in anyone still willing to vote for Trump, despite all the racism, fascism, sexism, and sexual predation. If our two-party system and our current modes of communication have led us to this place, it is time to rethink them. Otherwise the Republic is in danger. TAGS:",0
3267,Comment on Hillary Clinton Campaign Logo Has A Subliminal Message by برنامه ریزی ضمیر ناخوداگاه,"adobochron 1 Comment 
SAN FRANCISCO, California ( The Adobo Chronicles, San Francisco Bureau) – Now it can be told — now that Hillary Clinton is all but assured of the Democratic presidential nomination. 
For months since the former secretary of state launched her presidential bid, her campaign logo has always symbolized America’s quest to move forward, with the arrow in the logo pointing to the right. Left-handed people, of course, dispute that symbolism because for them, moving forward should be pointing to the left. 
But there is another school of thought about Hillary’s logo. Many believe that the arrow pointing right actually symbolizes moving to the (conservative) right as opposed to the (liberal) left. 
The logo was a brilliant concept designed to help the Democrats win over Republican voters in the general elections — voters who will definitely choose a rightist over a leftist candidate. 
The GOP’s presumptive nominee, Donald Trump, is perceived by many as more leftist than rightist, which would give Clinton the edge among conservative voters. 
Who knew the placement or direction of an arrow could spell victory or defeat for an American presidential candidate? Rate this:",0
3268,The Women Blazing a Trail Into Ice Hockey - The New York Times,"BOSTON  —   During a men’s hockey game between Boston University and Providence College in early December, Brittany Miller sat in the press box near center ice. She tracked statistics and typed notes in her laptop. Across the rink, Theresa Feaster kept a close eye on the game, logging video of the action. They could have been mistaken for reporters or merely diligent fans. But Miller and Feaster are much more than devoted followers of their beloved teams. They are    trailblazers. Last fall, Miller and Feaster became the first women to serve as   members of an N. C. A. A. Division I men’s hockey coaching staff when they were hired by their alma maters. But Miller, Boston University’s director of hockey operations, and Feaster, the coordinator of hockey operations at Providence College, say their gender rarely comes up in conversations with coaches or players. “I’m just on the staff and come to work every day and work hard,” Feaster said. “That’s all there is to it. It’s not really something that crosses my mind. ” Miller and Feaster had noticed each other during games when they both worked as student managers, first as undergraduates and then as graduate students. But they did not formally meet until a meeting of the Hockey East Association, the teams’ conference, after both had been hired full time. “It’s nice to have someone else who worked hard as a manager and proved herself to her coaching staff,” Miller said. “It shows that Hockey East is really moving forward in hiring females. ” Each has been around hockey for as long as she can remember, though they came to their new jobs from opposite directions. Miller grew up on the ice, learning to skate at age 3 and playing competitive hockey through her high school years at Boston Latin School. Feaster did not play, but she began learning the game while bouncing around the minors with her father, Jay, and gained a newfound interest when his job as general manager of the Calgary Flames led to a connection to Providence while she was studying there. Miller, who had followed her older brother into the game and was coached by her father, started working as a manager at B. U. during the first semester of her freshman year, attending all of the Terriers’ practices and games while still managing a full class load. She was finishing up her master’s degree and working as an intern for a sports marketing research company in London last summer when she received calls from Coach David Quinn and the athletic director, Drew Marrochello. The Terriers had an opening on their coaching staff, and both men thought Miller was the perfect candidate. Now she is in charge of all of the teams’ travel logistics, ensures players handle their academic work and helps track statistics. Miller said Quinn and the rest of the staff had treated her as an equal since she accepted the job in September. “They trust me to do a good job, and they know that I can do this job just as good if not better than any guy,” she said. Marrochello said he had known early on that Miller would be successful in any endeavor she chose. “I’m frankly glad it is in hockey, in college sports,” he said. “I know she’s got a high ceiling. ” While Miller’s love for hockey has burned since her youth, Feaster’s was more like rekindling an old flame. As a young child in the   Feaster was a regular at the rink and aboard the team bus when her father was the general manager of the Hershey Bears of the American Hockey League. Jay Feaster remembered his    daughter sitting on the training table talking hockey with Mitch Lamoureux, a center who had played parts of three seasons in the N. H. L. but was by then a   lifer on the wrong side of 30. “I’ll see that in my mind until the day I die,” Jay Feaster said. “It was like two players just sitting there having a conversation. ” As Theresa Feaster grew older, she would pepper her father, who helped the Tampa Bay Lightning win the Stanley Cup as their general manager in 2004, with questions about the game. But she did not think seriously about getting involved in the sport until she attended the 2012 N. H. L. draft. Jay Feaster was Calgary’s general manager at the time, and the Flames selected two players who ended up at Providence. Theresa Feaster introduced herself to Friars Coach Nate Leaman, told him that she was entering her junior year and asked if she could volunteer with the team. She was soon attending coaches’ meetings and helping the program with anything it needed. She made such a good impression that Leaman hired her full time in October. Her new role is similar to the one she had as a student. She works on video and statistics projects, makes travel arrangements and helps with administrative tasks. “I feel like every day I’m learning more,” Feaster said. “One of the rewarding parts of this job is you come to the rink every day and you know that you’re going to learn and you’re going to get better. I find that incredibly rewarding. ” Although Miller and Feaster are technically members of their programs’ coaching staffs, N. C. A. A. rules prohibit anyone in their position from working with players on the ice or sitting on the bench during practices or games. Still, they are interacting with the coaches and players daily and gaining valuable experience. Both women aspire to management roles and, possibly, the N. H. L. They would again be an anomaly: Few women have worked in   roles in an N. H. L. front office, and none have been a general manager. Jay Feaster has spoken with his daughter about the grueling nature of hockey: the scarcity of   positions, the long hours and the lack of job security. It is not an easy road, but if it is the one she chooses, she is off to a good start. “I give her a hard time about, ‘You’re too smart to be in this racket. Do you want to be in the hockey business? You’re too smart for that,’” Jay Feaster said. “But I’m very, very proud. ”",0
3270,Дырка от рублика: Украина не получит штрафы с авиакомпаний РФ за полеты в Крым,"0 комментариев 1 поделились 
Как заявили в Государственной авиационной службе Украины (Госавиаслужба), в связи с нарушением запрета на полеты над полуостровом ведомство вынесло более пяти тысяч постановлений. 
Штрафы, в частности, были наложены на ""Аэрофлот"", после того как перевозчик запустил рейсы по маршруту Сочи — Симферополь. Представители Госавиаслужбы признались, что пока ни одна российская компания не заплатила требуемую от нее сумму. 
Насколько правомерны такие штрафы, Pravda.Ru поинтересовалась у генерального директора Ассоциации аэропортов гражданской авиации Виктора Горбачева. 
Эксперт заявил, что Россия не должна и не будет платить. ""Крым является российской территорией, какие могут быть штрафы? — объяснил он. — Более того, Россия не осуществляет полеты через Украину (российские летчики пролетают через Краснодарский край), соответственно, поводов производить выплаты нет абсолютно никаких"". 
По его словам, не стоит относиться к подобным требованиям серьезно: ""Они могут делать, что угодно, даже предъявить претензии к президенту. Ну, предъявляйте, а дальше что?"", — сказал собеседник Pravda.Ru. 
На вопрос о том, сможет ли Украина добиться выплат через международные инстанции, Виктор Горбачев пояснил, что у этих штрафов нет юридических, правовых оснований. ""Это проблема даже не Украины, а каких-то отдельных служб, деятелей. Украина может предъявлять все, что угодно, но это никак не повлияет на отсутствие правых оснований для выплат за полеты над российской территорией"", — заявил эксперт. 
При этом Виктор Горбачев напомнил, что один раз такое получилось, но не Украины, а у европейцев, когда те загубили нашу авиакомпанию ""Добролет"". ""В тот раз это была наша вина, и мы должны были понимать, чем это может обернуться"", — сказал эксперт. Он заверил, что теперь мы такого не допустим. 
Напомним, в сентябре 2014 года взамен подпавшего под санкции ЕС лоукостера ""Добролет"" ""Аэрофлот"" создал компанию ""Бюджетный перевозчик"", которая работает под брендом ""Победа"". При этом все руководящие должности были сохранены. 
Стопроцентная ""дочка"" ""Аэрофлота"" - ""Добролет"", в июне 2014 года начавшая деятельность с перелетов в Симферополь, была вынуждена прекратить работу 4 августа 2014 года из-за введенных против нее санкций ЕС. Ряд европейских контрагентов сообщили об отказе выполнять обязательства перед российским авиаперевозчиком, аннулировав действие договоров лизинга, технического обслуживания и страхования лайнеров, а также предоставления аэронавигационной информации. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda.Ru на сегодня Поделиться:",0
3271,Trump’s Revised Travel Ban Is Denounced by 134 Foreign Policy Experts - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   More than 130 members of America’s foreign policy establishment denounced President Trump’s revised travel ban on Friday as just as damaging to the United States’ interests and reputation as his original order that halted refugees and froze travelers from predominantly Muslim countries. In a letter to Mr. Trump, the former government officials and experts said even the   order will “weaken U. S. security and undermine U. S. global leadership. ” And they said it continues to signal to Muslim allies that  —   as the Islamic State and other extremist propaganda profess  —   the United States is an enemy of Islam. Several of the 134 signatories served in both Republican and Democratic administrations, including R. Nicholas Burns, who was on the National Security Council staff and a senior diplomat during President Bill Clinton’s administration before becoming under secretary of state for President George W. Bush Richard A. Clarke, the National Security Council counterterrorism coordinator for Mr. Bush and Mr. Clinton and John E. McLaughlin, the deputy C. I. A. director for Mr. Clinton and acting C. I. A. director for Mr. Bush. But the vast majority of those who signed the letter  —   including Madeleine Albright and John Kerry, the former secretaries of state Michèle A. Flournoy, the former under secretary of defense and Susan E. Rice, the former national security adviser  —   rose to senior security jobs in government under Democratic presidents. Their argument mirrors one also being made by states that claim the revised travel ban discriminates against Muslims and will hurt businesses and universities. A week after taking office, Mr. Trump issued an executive order to suspend the nation’s refugee program as well as travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries to give the government time to install rigid security vetting of immigrants. The order created chaos at American airports nationwide and was blocked by a federal appeals court. This week, the Trump administration issued a new order that slightly scaled back the original ban but is still considered a significant hardening of American immigration policy. “Bans like those included in this order are harmful to U. S. national security and beneath the dignity of our great nation,” said the letter, which also was sent to Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, Secretary of Homeland Security John F. Kelly and Michael P. Dempsey, the acting director of national intelligence. “The revised executive order is damaging to the strategic and national security interests of the United States,” the letter said.",0
3272,"Vier ijsklimmers omgekomen bij lawine in Zuid-Tirol, Italië"," 26 UTC Afgelopen zaterdag is een verschrikkelijk lawineongeluk gebeurd in Zuid-Tirol . Het is nog niet doorgekomen in de Nederlandse media en dus meld ik het hier. Het is ook nog niet gedaan want twee lichamen zijn nog niet geborgen. Pas laat in de avond werd duidelijk dat de vier vermist waren. Vrienden vonden de auto in een haarspeldbocht en nog dezelfde nacht rond 4.00 uur werden de lichamen geborgen van Peter Vigl en Thomas Lun op 2.600m hoogte. Beide mannen waren lid van de bergredding van hun woonplaats Ritten. De twee nog vermisten zijn Ulrich Seebacher en Andreas Zöggeler eveneens uit Ritten. Drie van de vier waren vaders in jonge gezinnen. In dit artikel lees je hoe compleet kapot men is van het voorval in de woonplaats van de vier. Vandaag kon door slechte weersomstandigheden niet verder worden gezocht . De 30 meter brede lawine sleurde de mannen 500 meter mee . De foto hierboven lijkt van de situatie op zondag of maandag. In dit live ticker artikel lees je dat een Zwitserse helikopter is ingezet die mobieltjes kan lokaliseren. Je mag aannemen dat de mannen lawinepiepers hadden met de recente sneeuw die op de gletsjer was opgehoopt. We hebben afgelopen weekeinde gezien hoe mooi de weercondities waren in de Alpen en hoe uitnodigend dus om op pad te gaan. Je kunt je niet voorstellen hoe een verstoring van klimmers op het ijs leidt tot het losbreken van een Schneebrett tientallen meters hoger? Is het de toekomst dat klimmers en toerskiërs een vergunning zullen krijgen om met een drone bommetjes te droppen in het gebied boven hen? R.I.P. Commentaar: In de buurt van Zuid-Tirol zijn 5 mensen omgekomen door een enorme lawine in februari dit jaar (in noorderbuurland Oostenrijk): Vijf doden door enorme lawine in Tirol, Oostenrijk . Ook werden deze skigebieden dit jaar meerdere malen getroffen door aardbevingen .",0
3273,WikiLeaks: Clinton Foundation’s fundraisers pressed donors to steer business to former president,"Print 
Two chief fundraisers for the Clinton Foundation pressed corporate donors to steer business opportunities to former President Bill Clinton as well, according to a hacked memo published Wednesday by WikiLeaks. 
The November 2011 memo from Douglas Band, at the time a top aide to Mr. Clinton , outlines extensive fundraising efforts that Mr. Band and a partner deployed on behalf of the Clinton Foundation and how that work sometimes translated into large speaking fees and other paid work for Mr. Clinton. 
The memo, part of a cache of emails stolen from Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager, resurfaces an issue that she has had a hard time shaking: questions over the relationship between the Clintons’ charity work and their personal business. 
Mr. Band and an associate introduced top corporate executives to the former president, on the golf course and elsewhere, and then asked them to contribute money to the Clinton Foundation or attend the Clinton Global Initiative, an annual foundation event.",0
3274,"State that fired pastor demands his sermons, notes","State that fired pastor demands his sermons, notes 'This is an excessive display of the government overreaching its authority' Published: 5 mins ago Bob Unruh About | | Archive Bob Unruh joined WND in 2006 after nearly three decades with the Associated Press, as well as several Upper Midwest newspapers, where he covered everything from legislative battles and sports to tornadoes and homicidal survivalists. He is also a photographer whose scenic work has been used commercially. Print Dr. Eric Walsh (Photo: First Liberty) 
The state of Georgia is demanding copies of the sermons and related notes of a lay pastor who was fired by the Department of Public Health after it investigated what he said in his church. 
But Dr. Eric Walsh is resisting, issuing a statement via his legal team that he will not comply with the demand from state lawyers. 
The state’s demand is in response to a lawsuit filed by Walsh against the Department of Health charging discrimination based on his religion and other civil rights violations. 
He’s getting support from a pastor who successfully fought off a demand by Houston officials for copies of his sermons. 
Walsh’s ordeal began in May 2014 when he accepted an offer as to become district health director with the state agency. Only a week later, a state official asked him to provide copies of sermons he had preached as a lay minister with a Seventh-day Adventist Church. 
Lee Rudd, the agency’s human resources director, then assigned staff members to listen to the YouTube recordings immediately. Two days later, Walsh was fired. 
At that point, lawyers with First Liberty Institute joined forces with the Atlanta legal team of Parks, Chesin & Walbert to file a federal lawsuit against the state agency. 
“Police State USA: How Orwell’s Nightmare Is Becoming Our Reality” chronicles how America has arrived at the point of being a de facto police state, and what led to an out-of-control government that increasingly ignores the Constitution. Order today! 
Now, in response to Walsh’s lawsuit, the state delivered a “Request for Production of Documents” that demands, among a flood of other paperwork, “copies of his sermon notes and transcripts.” 
“This is an excessive display of the government overreaching its authority and violating the sanctity of the church,” said Jeremy Dys, senior counsel for First Liberty. 
“No government has the right to require a pastor to turn over his sermons,” said Walsh in a statement released by his lawyers. “I cannot and will not give up my sermons unless I am forced to do so.” 
Officials with the Georgia Department of Health declined to respond to a WND request for comment, instead referring a reporter to the state attorney general, who did not respond to a request for comment. 
Walsh’s lawyers scheduled a news conference as a display of support. 
On the guest list was Pastor Dave Welch of Houston, one of five pastors whose sermons were demanded by a lesbian mayor during her campaign to establish protections for her sexual preferences in city code. 
WND broke the story when the city launched its action against the pastors and also reported when Rush Limbaugh described Parker’s actions as possibly “one of the most vile, filthy, blatant violations of the Constitution that I have seen.” 
The mayor at the time, Annise Parker, withdrew the demands amid a flood of protest . 
In a prepared statement Wednesday on Walsh’s case, Welch said, “I can’t believe I’m saying this, but Georgia’s demand is even worse than when the mayor of Houston demanded 17 different categories of materials, including sermons, from … us.” 
Welch, the executive director of the Texas Pastor Council, said what is happening to Walsh is “worse than what happened in Houston for multiple reasons.” 
“First, this is state government coming after a pastor, not just a rogue mayor in one city,” he said. “Also, the state is demanding much more material: sermons, sermon notes, all documents without even topical or time limits. It could even include margin notes in this pastor’s preaching Bible. It’s almost as if they are ransacking the pastor’s study. This sweeping demand is ominous and a threat to every pastor, every church, every denomination, and every citizen of faith in America.” 
Leaders of Concerned Women for America Legislative Action Committee, part of the nation’s largest public policy women’s group with 500,000 members, also came to Walsh’s defense. 
Penny Nance, CEO, said: “The words of Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., that, ‘Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere,’ still reverberate today – especially as we witness the ‘Gestapo-like’ tactics of his native state. The state of Georgia’s blatant attack on religious freedom, as they discriminate against another pastor, Dr. Eric Walsh, is indeed a threat to every American, whatever our religious beliefs. 
“Can there be a clearer violation of our First Amendment right to religious freedom than for the state to monitor, examine, and retaliate against a person because of the sermons they share?” 
WND reported earlier on the case brought against the state after its officials reviewed Walsh’s sermons and then fired him. 
“No one in this country should be fired from their job for something that was said in a church or from a pulpit during a sermon,” Dys told Fox News when the case was filed. “He was fired for something he said in a sermon. If the government is allowed to fire someone over what he said in his sermons, they can come after any of us for our beliefs on anything.” The original state investigation of Walsh’s sermons apparently was sparked by “one complaint” from an official with a county Democratic Party and “gay activist.” 
State officials also joked about informing Walsh of his firing. 
The telephone call was between Dr. Patrick O’Neal, an agency official, and Kate Pfirman, an agency financial officer. The call was captured on an answering machine, which also caught their conversation after they thought they had hung up. 
Pfirman said: “And I’m gonna be very – I’m gonna try to come off as very cold, because I don’t want to say very much. If I try to make it warm – I’ve thought that through, it’s gonna just not – there’s no warm way to say it anyway.” 
Then there was laughter from both parties. 
O’Neal then said to inform Walsh, “You’re out,” and there was another round of laughter. 
“It’s very funny,” Pfirman said. 
The voicemail: 
In the Houston dispute, voters ultimately soundly rejected Parker’s ordinance giving “gays” and transgendered people special rights.",0
3275,"Experts Recommend Breaking Down Crushing Defeats Into Smaller, More Manageable Failures - The Onion - America's Finest News Source","Experts Recommend Breaking Down Crushing Defeats Into Smaller, More Manageable Failures Close Vol 50 Issue 20 · Lifestyle 
SANTA BARBARA, CA—Offering advice to those who feel overwhelmed at the thought of becoming massive failures, a group of experts reported this week that the best way to approach a crippling defeat is to break it down into a set of smaller and more manageable setbacks. “The key to failing on a monumental scale is to take life one small misstep at a time,” life coach Jack V. Royce told reporters, emphasizing that people who hit absolute rock bottom seldom get there overnight. “Just start with a couple of minor fuckups and then build off that. It’s all about working through your long, humiliating downward spiral in workable increments: botch this, flub that, make a wreck of something else—and then, before you know it, you’re well on your way to being totally screwed.” Royce added that it’s also helpful every now and then to stop, take stock of your situation, and really beat yourself up about it. Share This Story: WATCH VIDEO FROM THE ONION Sign up For The Onion's Newsletter 
Give your spam filter something to do. Daily Headlines ",0
3276,How HUD Makes Lousy Programs Look Great,"By John Anthony When federal agencies promote programs, like Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing, or Common Core they conduct sophisticated and often deceptive marketing campaigns that... ",0
3277,"Ohio, Long a Bellwether, Is Fading on the Electoral Map - The New York Times","ATHENS, Ohio  —   After decades as one of America’s most reliable political bellwethers, an inevitable presidential battleground that closely mirrored the mood and makeup of the country, Ohio is suddenly fading in importance this year. Hillary Clinton has not been to the state since Labor Day, and her aides said Thursday that she would not be back until next week, after a monthlong absence, effectively acknowledging how difficult they think it will be to defeat Donald J. Trump here. Ohio has not fallen into step with the demographic changes transforming the United States, growing older, whiter and less educated than the nation at large. And the two parties have made strikingly different wagers about how to win the White House in this election: Mr. Trump, the Republican nominee, is relying on a demographic coalition that, while well tailored for Ohio even in the state’s Democratic strongholds, leaves him vulnerable in the more diverse parts of the country where Mrs. Clinton is spending most of her time. It is a jarring change for political veterans here, who relish being at the center of the country’s presidential races: Because of newer battleground states, Mrs. Clinton can amass the 270 electoral votes required to win even if she loses Ohio. “Their map is a little different, and Ohio is not as crucial as it once was,” conceded James Ruvolo, a former chairman of the Ohio Democratic Party who lives in the Toledo area, a Democratic bulwark that Mrs. Clinton has not visited once this year. “They’ll keep putting in money, but I don’t think they’re going to put a lot of her time in here. ” Ohio has long basked in the presidential spotlight. Every four years, fall would bring frequent candidate visits, ceaseless television commercials and breathless,    tallies of its voting returns late into election night. Democrats in the state became used to    rallies, like the ones John Kerry staged in Cleveland and Columbus with Bruce Springsteen in 2004 and President Obama held at Ohio State to kick off his 2012   campaign. Mr. Obama held five events over three trips to Ohio in September 2012 alone. And it was all for good reason: No candidate of either party has won the White House without carrying Ohio since John F. Kennedy in 1960. But its Rust Belt profile, Mr. Trump’s unyielding   campaign and Mrs. Clinton’s difficulty energizing Ohio’s young voters have made it a lesser focus for Democrats this year, even as it remains critical to Mr. Trump’s path to the White House. As Mrs. Clinton’s aides privately note, the demographic makeup of Florida, Colorado and North Carolina, which have a greater percentage of educated or nonwhite voters, makes those states more promising for Democrats in a contest in which the electorate is sorted along bright racial and economic lines. And with a   Senate race in Ohio turning into a rout for Rob Portman, the Republican incumbent, Democrats can quietly pull back from the state with little fear of   consequences. As the place where Appalachia meets the Midwest, and where industrial centers arose not far from a vast farm belt, Ohio has prided itself on being a version of America writ small. Its immigration patterns reflected that, with New Englanders resettling here, followed by Germans and Eastern Europeans. At the same time, Southerners, white and black, crossed the Ohio River in search of freedom and opportunity. But even some of the state’s proudest boosters acknowledge that Ohio, which is nearly 80 percent white, is decreasingly representative of contemporary America. “Ohio, like a melting iceberg, has slowly been losing its status as the country’s bellwether,” said Michael F. Curtin, a Democratic state legislator and former Columbus Dispatch editor who is an author of the state’s authoritative “Ohio Politics Almanac. ” He continued: “It’s a slow melt. But we have not captured any appreciable Hispanic population, and there has been very little influx of an Asian population. When you look at the diversity of America 30 to 40 years ago, Ohio was a pretty close approximation of the country. It no longer is. ” What is less clear than the racial trends is whether the state will continue to grow more forbidding for Democrats in future presidential races. That could be determined by the choices the national parties make after the election, particularly whether Republicans continue Mr. Trump’s project of shifting from a   to a more populist approach on immigration and trade. “If the Republican Party looks more like the Trump coalition and the Democratic Party looks more like the Obama coalition, then the states Democrats must win will no longer be Ohio and Iowa,” said David Wilhelm, a manager of Bill Clinton’s first presidential campaign and a former Democratic national chairman who lives in suburban Columbus. “They will be Virginia, North Carolina, Arizona and Georgia. ” Yet that same Obama coalition was enough to hand the president a   victory in Ohio in 2012, when the state’s demographics were no less challenging for Democrats. The difference now, Ohio voters and strategists from both parties say, is in the two candidates and the issues at hand. Facing Mitt Romney, who was easily caricatured as a country club Republican, Mr. Obama battered him as a handmaiden for the wealthy and criticized his opposition to the auto bailout, which lifted Mr. Obama with white union Democrats in   communities around Youngstown and Toledo. But this year, Republicans have put forward a candidate whose views on trade are indistinguishable from, if not more   than, the A. F. L. . I. O. ’s. “Republicans used to run on God and guns,” Mr. Ruvolo said. “Well, Trump added a third element: trade. ” Paired with Mr. Trump’s jeremiads about immigrants’ taking American jobs, it makes for a powerful combination in a state that has suffered from the decline of manufacturing. Though he lost the Ohio primary to Gov. John Kasich, Mr. Trump still carried a stretch of counties along the eastern spine of the state, its most economically depressed region, where thousands of industrial and   jobs have been lost. Mr. Trump is expected to pile up significant margins in those counties in November. Some political veterans speak with wonder about private polls showing Mr. Trump leading even in bedrock Democratic communities. “I see, at best, lack of enthusiasm in traditional Democratic areas,” said Dennis E. Eckart, a former Democratic congressman from suburban Cleveland. Mike Dawson, a Republican strategist who runs a website on Ohio’s political history, said Mr. Trump would be competitive in two counties in Youngstown’s Mahoning Valley that the Democratic presidential candidate has carried in every election for 60 years with the exception of 1972. It is no coincidence that the same region kept   Representative James A. Traficant Jr. from 1985 to 2002, despite his routine flouting of ethics. Mr. Traficant, a longtime Democrat who died in 2014, was known for mixing inflammatory rhetoric, a   toupee and a   populism. “There is not a dime’s worth of difference, as George Wallace once said, between Jim Traficant and Donald Trump,” said Mr. Eckart, whose district abutted Mr. Traficant’s. “They say anything, do anything, just act outrageous, and people just kind of like that. ” Mrs. Clinton remains strongest in the more affluent and educated areas around Ohio’s population centers  —   Cleveland, Columbus and Cincinnati  —   where some voters who backed Mr. Romney four years ago are appalled by Mr. Trump. Emily Huber, a    evangelical Christian and loyal Republican in Columbus, is one of them. As she sold candles and jewelry made by victims of sex trafficking at a farmer’s market in the shadow of the state capitol, Ms. Huber said she and her husband were unsure whether they could back Mr. Trump because of offensive comments that she said “show his true character. ” What will determine who wins Ohio, said Representative Steve Stivers, a Republican, is if “Hillary can pick up a bunch of voters in the suburbs to offset the rural and some of the industrial areas. ” Mrs. Clinton has an organizational advantage, with 60 offices across the state, and is flooding Ohio with surrogates: Bill Clinton is expected in the state on a bus tour next week. But her campaign is sensitive about her absence, which has become a local topic of discussion. After this article was published online, it hurried to announce that she would return on Monday, but without specifying which city she would visit. A Clinton victory in Ohio may also require rousing younger voters, which is in doubt. When a group of Democratic Ohio mayors campaigned recently for Mrs. Clinton in Athens  —   home of Ohio University and seat of the county with the state’s largest percentage of millennials  —   they drew little interest. As students stopped at sidewalk A. T. M.s to prepare for parents weekend, they expressed only lukewarm support for Mrs. Clinton. Paula Atfield, a freshman from Cleveland, said she was voting for Mrs. Clinton because “she’s not Trump,” but added that the election was seen as “a joke” on campus. “Neither of them are suitable,” she said. “Most people aren’t even voting. ” At a news conference earlier in the day, the Dayton mayor, Nan Whaley, had declared that the state would send Mrs. Clinton to the White House. “Ohio is the decider of presidents,” she said. But now, Ms. Whaley sounded less bullish. “I think it’s crucial,” she said of a Clinton victory in Ohio, before quickly adding of Mr. Trump, “It’s just not as crucial as his. ”",0
3278,The Devaluation of Higher Education,"Posted 10/31/2016 3:05 pm by PatriotRising with 0 comments 70% of PhDs unable to find alternative employment 
Government programs (such as subsidies and student loans) designed to inflate both the supply and demand for higher education have driven a wedge between universities, students, and employers. 

Like any other economic good, the value of a higher education degree is determined on the market, at the intersection of the subjective valuations and appraisements of those constituting the supply and demand of that particular good. The parties interested in these transactions are not just education providers and students, but also—or even primarily—employers looking to hire graduates into their companies. At least, that’s how things should be, with entrepreneurs at the forefront, driving and shaping up the content and quality of the education and training of their future employees. 

But with the government interfering now for decades with this precarious balance, it is not unexpected to find that the essential link which allowed the market to work efficiently has been fractured. The result is that higher education degrees no longer hold any value for employers. 

Recent evidence suggests that in the UK, for example, a record number of university graduates— one in four —face only a choice between unemployment and taking a job that does not require a degree. This shows that their degrees are not demanded on the market or, alternatively, that young people are malinvesting high student loans into degrees which, once obtained, will not offer them better employment alternatives than before—thus having a rate of return too low to justify the initial investment. Similarly, an investigation by The Economist has revealed that worldwide, BAs, BSCs, but also master programs such as MBAs are no longer considered to offer a candidate a competitive edge in the marketplace. 

Another facet of the devaluation of higher education is the record high number of specialised degrees, a trend which began with masters and MBAs, but has now peaked into PhDs.The mismatch between supply and demand (academic positions) is even wider in this case. A 2013 paper published in Nature Biotechnology has found that “Each year, there are seven times more PhDs awarded in science and engineering than there are newly available faculty positions.” In fact, the authors show that 

Since 1982, almost 800,000 PhDs were awarded in science and engineering (S&E) fields, whereas only about 100,000 academic faculty positions were created in those fields within the same time frame. The number of S&E PhDs awarded annually has also increased over this time frame, from ~19,000 in 1982 to ~36,000 in 2011. The number of faculty positions created each year, however, has not changed, with roughly 3,000 new positions created annually. 

A part of these graduates, especially in economics, end up working for the government when they eventually fail the market test. But the trend is also extending further to postdoctoral fellowships, which are sought after by the 70% of PhDs unable to find alternative employment. 

Taking the government out of higher education and letting universities compete in providing market-relevant, profitable degrees is only one part of the solution. The market for education won’t be entirely healthy until the government is also taken out of primary, secondary, and high school curricula and finances, allowing parents and pupils to become informed consumers of education and good judges of their investments. 

Carmen Dorobăț has a PhD in economics from the University of Angers, and is assistant professor in International Business at Coventry University. Contact: .",0
3279,Myanmar reports first Zika case in pregnant woman,"More A Nicaraguan Health Ministry worker fumigates a house to kill mosquitoes during a campaign against dengue and chikungunya and to prevent Zika infection in Managua, October 27, 2016. (Photo by Reuters) 
Myanmar has confirmed its first case of the mosquito-borne Zika virus in a pregnant foreign woman in the country's largest city of Yangon. 
Authorities confirmed the infection in the 32-year-old foreign woman ""yesterday following a laboratory test,"" the Global New Light of Myanmar said on Friday. 
The director of Myanmar's public health department, Soe Lwin Nyein, said in a news conference that the woman was the country's ""first Zika victim."" 
He further said the woman, whose nationality he declined to disclose, had been living in Myanmar for several years. 
Zika symptoms may include fever, rash, joint pain, and conjunctivitis, and when pregnant women are infected, it can lead to microcephaly, causing severe brain damage in babies. A genetically modified male Aedes aegypti mosquito is pictured at Oxitec factory in Piracicaba, Brazil, on October 26, 2016. (Photo by Reuters) 
The virus, which was first identified in Uganda in 1947, is spreading across the world and has currently reached 72 countries and territories, according to the United Nations. 
There is no vaccine for Zika and efforts to eliminate the virus by using insecticides to kill carrier mosquitoes have resulted in the death of honey bees. 
Earlier this month, the World Health Organization warned that the virus may further spread in Asia, saying the Asia Pacific region is expected to report ""new cases and possibly new outbreaks of Zika."" Loading ...",0
3280,Christie’s Chief Executive to Step Down and Hand Reins to Guillaume Cerutti - The New York Times,"In yet another jolt to the auction world, coming just one week after Christie’s top   Brett Gorvy, announced his departure, the house announced that its chief executive, Patricia Barbizet, was also stepping down, as of Jan. 1, after two years at the helm. Ms. Barbizet will hand over the reins to Guillaume Cerutti, who left Sotheby’s in 2015 to join Christie’s as president of Europe, Middle East, Russia and India operations. “I came to do a number of things,” Ms. Barbizet said in a telephone interview. “They are now done. ” François Pinault, the French luxury goods magnate and the owner of Christie’s, will assume the role of chairman. Ms. Barbizet will become vice chairwoman and will remain chief executive of the Artémis Group, the investment company founded by Mr. Pinault. Mr. Cerutti, 50, is taking over at a time when the auction houses are struggling to fill their sales with inventory, given a hesitation among sellers to consign their prize artworks in light of political and economic uncertainty. “The demand is very strong and has remained very strong from new buyers and emerging buyers,” Mr. Cerutti said. “The supply side is more challenging. We have to be ready to face this part of the cycle because we know we are in a cyclical business. ” Mr. Cerutti’s experience in Asia will be important at a time when the region is the focus of increasing attention as fertile ground for new buyers. (Its rival, Phillips, recently had its first full   sale in Hong Kong.) Ms. Barbizet, 61  —   a longtime top aide to Mr. Pinault  —   represented something of what she recently called a “custodian” for the house, after Steven P. Murphy stepped down as Christie’s chief in 2014. “My primary assignment is C. E. O. of Artémis,” Ms. Barbizet said. “I act when it is necessary. I accepted to take charge because of the team, because the team was there and I was sure we could position the team. I kept my function as C. E. O. of Artémis. ” “The time has come for me to go back to different assignments,” Ms. Barbizet continued. “But I will remain close to Christie’s, as I was before. I will support Guillaume. ” Artémis is the controlling shareholder of the   conglomerate Kering, which includes the brands Gucci, Saint Laurent, Stella McCartney, Bottega Veneta and Balenciaga. Ms. Barbizet is   of the Kering Group. In January, Christie’s announced total sales of $7. 4 billion for 2015, down 5 percent over the previous year. The company is not required to report profitability on its sales, which can carry large guarantees, or promised minimum prices. Over the last two years, the teams at the three main auction houses  —   which include Sotheby’s and Phillips  —   have been in flux. Most notably, Mr. Gorvy announced last week that he was leaving to join forces in private sales with the dealer Dominique Lévy, at her Madison Avenue gallery which will now be known as Lévy Gorvy. But Mr. Cerutti said that he had confidence in the remaining team, which includes Stephen Brooks as deputy chief executive and Jussi Pylkkanen as global president  —   and was pleased that Mr. Gorvy would continue to work closely with Christie’s from the outside. “Brett is a great individual but he was also a member of the team and the team remains in place,” Mr. Cerutti said, “I’m confident they will take over. ” Ms. Barbizet ran Christie’s from Europe, where she lives in Paris. Her other residence is in Manhattan on West 57th Street, but she spends much of her time on airplanes, visiting companies from America to Asia. Previous chief executives, including Mr. Murphy, have not been based in New York. Mr. Cerutti said he, too, planned to remain in London, but to travel frequently to New York and to Asia, where Christie’s recently opened a new Beijing office. “London is the historic center of our company,” he said, adding that he would be traveling shortly to New York to meet with the team there. “I love New York,” he said. “I love being in the United States, you can be absolutely sure. ” Mr. Cerutti has served as managing director of the Centre Georges Pompidou and chief of staff to France’s minister for culture and media. He also held positions in the Ministry of the Economy and Finance before joining the auction world in 2007 as chief executive of Sotheby’s France. In September 2011, he was appointed deputy chairman of Sotheby’s Europe. Ms. Barbizet said she has known Mr. Cerutti for more than 20 years and brought him on in part because of his “skills with people as a manager and as a team leader. ” Mr. Cerutti started at Christie’s this year, after a noncompete period. “He’s very   for winning all the battles,” Ms. Barbizet said. “I’d rather have him winning the battles for us. ” Mr. Guillaume said he looked forward to continuing Christie’s strength in a market that is changing. “The company is in a good place,” he said, “and I will try to maintain the company at this level. ”",0
3281,E.U. Offers to Loosen Restrictions on Iran Air - The New York Times,"BRUSSELS  —   Almost six years ago, the European Union sharply curtailed access to its airspace for Iran’s aging airline fleet. But officials in Brussels say they are now prepared to loosen some of those restrictions as the easing of Western sanctions gradually allows new planes and spare parts to enter Iran after decades of isolation. The overture follows the nuclear accord reached with the United States and other world powers in January, and it will be presented during a visit to Tehran this weekend by a delegation from the European Commission, the bloc’s executive branch, officials said. It forms part of a broader European effort to revive economic ties between Iran and the   bloc, which was once one of Iran’s largest trading partners. Iranian state news media confirmed a visit this week by representatives of Boeing to discuss a possible sale of 737, 787 and 777 aircraft, the first such mission by the American plane maker in decades. The United States company’s European rival Airbus reached an agreement with Iran in January over the purchase of $27 billion in new jets. The European Union banned most planes operated by Iran’s   flag carrier, Iran Air, from its skies in 2010 because of concerns over their airworthiness. With an average age of more than 26 years, the airline’s fleet is one of the world’s oldest, and European and American trade restrictions had prohibited the sale of the spare parts needed to keep the planes properly maintained. In an interview before this weekend’s visit, Violeta Bulc, the European Union’s transport commissioner, said that easing flight restrictions on Iran Air was a “key priority” for Brussels, which is also keen to expand European airlines’ access to Iran’s $400 billion economy. Ms. Bulc expressed cautious optimism that European Union inspections of the airline’s maintenance operations, scheduled to begin next month, would pave the way to increase air transport links between Iran and Europe, which she argued would have economic and diplomatic benefits. “We need to   these connections,” Ms. Bulc said. “We need to   trust. ” Despite the restrictions, Iran Air has continued to serve about a dozen European cities with 12 planes  —   all older Airbus A300 and A310 models  —   that have passed the bloc’s safety inspections. Another Iranian carrier, Mahan Air, which is privately owned, recently upgraded its fleet to newer Airbus models and flies without safety limitations to several European cities, including direct flights to Athens, Milan and Munich from Tehran. But those air links remain relatively infrequent, and the high cost of operating such an antiquated fleet leaves Iranian airlines at a competitive disadvantage to European rivals like Lufthansa, Air France and British Airways, which have recently resumed or plan to resume direct flights to Tehran. Iran and the United States broke off diplomatic relations decades ago, and Iran has been seeking a reciprocal resumption of flights with the United States for years. That possibility has been renewed because of the easing of Western sanctions. Ms. Bulc cited air transport as a “key enabler” of economic growth and credited air services agreements that the European Union has concluded in recent years with several countries in the western Balkans, the Middle East and North Africa with significantly bolstering air traffic between those regions and Europe. “Every new destination opens new potential for business development,” Ms. Bulc added. The possible loosening of European airspace restrictions on Iran comes at a delicate time, however. The United States has charged that planes owned by Iran Air and Mahan Air have been used by the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps of Iran to ferry weapons and fighters to Syria in support of the government of President Bashar   in violation of a United Nations arms embargo. Ms. Bulc acknowledged the United States’ concerns but declined to comment further before the commission’s visit. “I do not at all expect any easy steps to be taken,” she said of the negotiations, emphasizing that Europe’s dealings with Iran on aviation issues had always been focused on safety, rather than on political concerns. “In air transport, safety is the highest priority,” Ms. Bulc said.",0
3282,"Israeli Minister Publicly Meets Gulf Officials, Credits Trump Visit as Game Changer","TEL AVIV  —   In an unprecedented move, an Israeli Knesset minister met in public with officials from Gulf states and a Palestinian diplomat in Ecuador, and credited President Donald Trump’s efforts in the Middle East for bringing it about.[  Likud Minister Ayoub Kara was attending the   ceremony of Lenin Moreno as Ecuador’s new leader along with delegates from around the world.  According to the Times of Israel, Kara tweeted that he was “surprised by the warm attitude of representatives from the Gulf states,” crediting Trump’s visit to Saudi Arabia and Israel as a game changer. Kara, a minister without portfolio, posted photos of himself meeting with representatives from the Palestinian Authority along with delegates from Oman, Qatar, Yemen and other Arab nations, as well as the prime minister of the Sahrawi Republic of southern Morocco, Abdelkader Taleb Omar, the report said. Kara said in a statement that the meetings were “open and cordial” and all sides “expressed their approval to move forward with the political negotiations. ” “President Trump and Prime Minister Netanyahu are coordinating every step of this political initiative, and there is progress on the issue,” he said. “For the first time, after years of action in the political arena, [representatives of] countries from the Saudi coalition agreed to meet openly with me as a representative of the State of Israel,” he tweeted in Hebrew. The minister also spoke with the presidents of Ecuador, Colombia, Guatemala and Paraguay to convince them to join forces with Israel in the fight against terrorism. “Just as Africa has taken giant steps closer to Jerusalem, we will do everything for Ecuador and all of Central and South America to come closer to Israel too,” he said.",0
3283,Was the Orlando Gunman Gay? The Answer Continues to Elude the F.B.I. - The New York Times,"ORLANDO, Fla.  —   After news media reports suggested that the man who carried out the massacre at a gay nightclub here may have himself been gay, the company that bills itself as “the world’s largest gay hookup site” put out what amounted to a distress call, asking members who may have been in contact with the gunman, Omar Mateen, to come forward. In an attempt to find an account connected to the killer, the site, Adam4Adam combed through the profile photos of every one of its 300, 000 Florida members and researched 20 email addresses used by Mr. Mateen over the years that the company said had been provided by the F. B. I. Adam4Adam came up with nothing. “I think it was a hoax,” David Lesage, a spokesman for the   company, said about the reports that Mr. Mateen had used Adam4Adam and other dating sites and apps for gay men. Two weeks after Mr. Mateen barged into the Pulse nightclub on June 12 and opened fire on the crowd, leaving 49 people dead and another 53 wounded, investigators are still trying to determine the underlying motive for the slaughter. Although federal officials have said Mr. Mateen had become radicalized to some extent online, at least half a dozen men have come forward with claims that hint at another potential motive, reporting that they had seen Mr. Mateen at gay clubs, encountered him online or had romantic encounters with him. The claims have prompted investigators to look into whether Mr. Mateen, who had called 911 pledging allegiance to the Islamic State, was also a closeted gay man consumed by feelings of   and revenge. F. B. I. investigators, who have conducted more than 500 interviews in the case, are continuing to contact men who claim to have had sexual relations with Mr. Mateen or think they saw him at gay bars. But so far, they have not found any independent corroboration  —   through his web searches, emails or other electronic data  —   to establish that he was, in fact, gay, officials said. The question of sexual orientation is a part of a broader effort by the F. B. I. to establish Mr. Mateen’s criminal profile. Beyond being a critical piece of information that could help the agency reconstruct the deadliest mass shooting in modern American history, it could aid in creating a broader analysis of criminal and terrorist behavior. “People often act out of more than one motivation,” Attorney General Loretta Lynch told reporters during a visit here on Tuesday. “This was clearly an act of terror and an act of hate. ” One of the first people to bring up the idea that Mr. Mateen could have been gay was his   Sitora Yusufiy, who, a day after the massacre, told The New York Times that her former husband often made angry comments about homosexuality. “If you know anything about psychology, you know that people that have a really, really strong resentment or   hate toward something, it’s because deep inside that’s what they truly are,” she said in an interview at her home in Boulder, Colo. “In Islam, it’s true that there is very low tolerance for homosexuality. He may not have been able to be himself. ” But she added that she was speculating, and that there was nothing in their intimate life on which she had based that hunch. Several men later came forward to tell other news media outlets that Mr. Mateen was a regular at Pulse. (Two of them, female impersonators who perform at the club, declined to comment for this article, though, saying the focus ought to be on the victims.) Another Orlando man, a Navy veteran named Kevin West, told The Los Angeles Times and The Washington Post that he had communicated with Mr. Mateen for about a year on Jack’d, a gay chat and dating app. Hector Camacho, the chief executive of Jack’d, said the company was cooperating with the F. B. I. A company spokesman, Jeff Dorta, said several television networks that sought to authenticate the report forwarded screen shots of what was purported to be Mr. Mateen’s Jack’d profile page, which they said they had received from a source making the allegation. Mr. Dorta said that a technical analysis determined that the profile page was probably not created by Mr. Mateen. “While we are not at liberty to comment on any specifics, I can tell you that as of now, utilizing the information Jack’d has been provided, we have not been able to substantiate that Omar Mateen was a Jack’d user,” Mr. Dorta said. In an interview, Mr. West refused to share any of the messages or pictures or explain which app he had used to communicate with Mr. Mateen. He became combative when pressed. “I don’t need to prove anything to anyone,” Mr. West said. “If I said it, it’s true. ” On Tuesday, the   television network Univision aired  an interview with a man identified only as Miguel  —   his face was disguised and his voice distorted  —   who claimed to have had a   relationship with Mr. Mateen after meeting him on the app Grindr. The man said Mr. Mateen had profiles on at least three gay dating apps. He said they first met at another gay club in Orlando, the Parliament House, and had more than a dozen rendezvous at an area hotel. Miguel told the network that Mr. Mateen felt rejected by Hispanic gays and was angry at Puerto Ricans in particular, because he once had a sexual liaison with a man who later confessed to being H. I. V. positive. “I believe this crazy horrible thing he did was revenge,” he said in the   version of the interview. Federal authorities looked into his account and do not consider it credible, said a law enforcement official who spoke on background because the information was part of an ongoing investigation. Christopher Hansen, 32, a witness to the Pulse massacre, said that if it turned out that Mr. Mateen had been gay, it might open a conversation about homophobia in Muslim and other religious households where homosexuality is sometimes not accepted. “Maybe this would help open up eyes in all religions,” he said. Pedro Julio Serrano, a gay activist in Puerto Rico, said he was worried that Univision’s interview sought to dismiss the killings as a “personal quarrel. ” “We haven’t seen any texts, phone calls, voice mail messages, emails or Facebook messages,” Mr. Serrano said. “We have to be very careful here. There are 49 families who are hurting because they lost their loved ones, and 53 going through the process of healing. We cannot fuel or ignite anything that will add to that pain and that suffering and that will inflame the sentiment and the emotions we are all going through. ”",0
3284,Bidens Launch ’Biden Foundation’ to Focus on Cancer Research - Breitbart,"Former Vice President Joe Biden and his wife, Dr. Jill Biden, are launching a charitable foundation that will focus on cancer research, sexual assault on college campuses, supporting community college education, and other issues, the Hill reported. [“I’m more optimistic than I’ve ever been since I’ve been in public life,” the former vice president said in a video announcing the Biden Foundation.  “We’re better positioned than any country in the world to lead the world in the 21st century  —   not just by the example of our power, but by the power of our example,” he said. The foundation will be headquartered in Washington, D. C. but will be incorporated in Delaware, the Washington Post reported. Unlike the Clinton Foundation, the Biden Foundation will not accept money from foreign citizens or entities, but it will accept money from private and corporate foundations, according to a foundation representative who spoke to the Post on the condition of anonymity to discuss the issue before the official announcement. “We look forward to this new chapter where we will continue our work to ensure that everyone  —   no matter their income level, race, gender, age, or sexuality  —   is treated with dignity and gets a fair shot at achieving the American Dream,” Biden and the former second lady said in a statement released Wednesday. The foundation’s board of directors will be made up of former Sen. Ted Kaufman, a longtime Biden adviser Valerie Biden Owens, Biden’s sister Mark Gitenstein, a former Biden aide who later was ambassador to Romania Mark Angelson, another veteran Biden adviser and Jeff Peck of Peck, Madigan, and Jones who also worked for Biden on Capitol Hill, according to Politico. Louisa Terrell, who previously worked for Biden in the Senate, was Sen. Cory Booker’s former chief of staff, lobbied for Facebook, and most recently served as adviser to the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, will be the foundation’s executive director.",0
3285,Tropical Storm Hermine Leaves Trail of Power Failures - The New York Times,"The remnants of what had been Hurricane Hermine swept up and along the Eastern Seaboard on Saturday, disrupting the holiday weekend in much of the coastal South while preparing to bedevil the Northeast well into the week. The storm, which made its landfall early Friday near St. Marks, Fla. as a Category 1 hurricane, led to hundreds of thousands of power failures and flooded roadways. In Florida, dealt its first direct strike by a hurricane in nearly 11 years, the Tallahassee area was particularly hard hit, and officials said it could be almost a week before electricity was fully restored. “We still have a lot of work to do following the storm,” Gov. Rick Scott of Florida said at a news conference on Saturday in Tallahassee, the state capital. “We’ll continue to spend the coming days assessing the damage and responding to the needs of our Florida families. ” Mr. Scott said there was “significant damage” in the state, including “a lot of downed power lines. ” Residents and officials described destroyed businesses, boats set adrift, crumbled sea walls and battered homes. The National Hurricane Center said the storm, whose winds reached as high as 80 miles per hour after it spent days swirling through the Gulf of Mexico, remained powerful on Saturday, even after it crossed the Florida Panhandle, Georgia and the Carolinas. The storm became a   cyclone on Saturday morning, but forecasters warned that it still “could be near hurricane intensity” for part of the week. And so the consequences of the storm’s path stretched from Florida, which reported the first fatality attributed to it, to New York, where the city said beaches would be closed Sunday, to Cape Cod, Mass. which was under a tropical storm watch. The hurricane center said Saturday evening that the storm would “meander slowly offshore of the   coast for the next couple of days” before churning past New Jersey and New York. Officials said storm surges would be “accompanied by large and dangerous waves,” and they warned of the possibility of “  inundation” from Virginia to Connecticut. Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey declared emergencies for Atlantic, Cape May and Ocean Counties, and Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo of New York said the state’s emergency operations center would be activated on Sunday. On Saturday, the National Guard was on alert in Virginia, where floodwaters prompted road closings in the Hampton Roads region, and visitors to North Carolina’s Outer Banks, where strong rip currents were reported, were advised to adjust their travel schedules. “I’m relieved that everyone took this storm seriously, paid attention to the weather forecast and heeded the warnings of state and local officials,” said Gov. Pat McCrory of North Carolina, whose state shut down major bridges in the Outer Banks because of winds associated with the storm. Officials said that the death of one person in a traffic accident in eastern North Carolina was probably connected to the storm. Although people in many communities said the storm would soon become only a minor memory, parts of Florida were entering what could be a protracted recovery, and there were some concerns that the absence of   could prove dangerous. In Leon County, which includes Tallahassee, more than half of homes were without electricity on Saturday, and the American Red Cross opened a   comfort shelter, a place “for residents to cool off, hydrate and receive information from area nonprofit agencies. ” The authorities planned to distribute bottled water throughout the county, where high temperatures were predicted to be in the upper 80s or lower 90s for the next several days. During his appearance on Saturday at Florida’s emergency operations center, Mr. Scott made a dispiriting roll call of counties and the extent of their power failures. In Wakulla County, just south of Tallahassee, about 72 percent of customers were without electricity. “This is the No. 1 issue people are telling me about,” Mr. Scott said before leaving for another afternoon of damage assessments.",0
3286,Former DNC Data Director Calls Hillary Clinton’s Blame Game “F*cking Bulls*it”,"Hillary Clinton’s latest narrative of blaming the Democratic National Committee and its “poor” data operation for her election loss has not been greeted kindly by those who worked for the DNC in 2016  —   with a former data director calling her claims “fucking bullshit. ”[Speaking at the annual Code Conference in California Wednesday, Clinton said that when she won the Democratic nomination, she “inherited nothing” from the DNC.  “I mean it was bankrupt, it was on the verge of insolvency, its data was mediocre to poor, nonexistent, wrong. I had to inject money into it,” Clinton said. She then compared it to the Republican National Committee operation, which under   Chair Reince Priebus had bumped up its tech operation after its 2012 defeat. “So Trump becomes the nominee and he is basically handed this tried and true, effective foundation,” she added. Her remarks add the DNC to a seemingly endless set of people and groups she blames for her defeat, including Russia, the FBI, misogynists and the New York Times. But some Democrats are pushing back. Former DNC Data Director Andrew Therriault tweeted that Clinton’s accusations are “fucking bullshit. ” “DNC data folks: today’s accusations are fucking bullshit, and I hope you understand the good you did despite that nonsense,” he tweeted. “Private mode be damned, this is too important,” he added. “I’m not willing to let my people be thrown under the bus without a fight. ” Therriault apparently deleted his tweets, but they were published by The Washington Examiner. However, he left up his retweets of tweets by Democratic strategist Tom Bonier  —   who also criticized Clinton’s remarks. One more: Clinton literally inherited some of the most   staffers I’ve seen, who moved from the DNC to Brooklyn after June.  —   Tom Bonier (@tbonier) June 1, 2017,  Therriault and Bonier aren’t the only Democrats upset with Clinton’s remarks. NBC host Andrea Mitchell accused Clinton Wednesday of “drawing a conspiracy theory” over her claims. Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY",0
3287,"‘Donald Trump Is The 45th President Of The United States,’ Spontaneously Reports Subconscious During First Calm Moment Of Day - The Onion - America's Finest News Source","‘Donald Trump Is The 45th President Of The United States,’ Spontaneously Reports Subconscious During First Calm Moment Of Day Close Vol 52 Issue 44 · Mental Health · Politics · Politicians · Election 2016 
NEW YORK—During the first brief moment of calm that she had felt since she awoke, local woman Jennifer Gibson’s subconscious reportedly fired off a spontaneous reminder Wednesday that Donald Trump will be the nation’s next commander-in-chief. “Donald Trump is going to be the 45th president of the United States,” reported the portion of Gibson’s mind that resides just below the surface of awareness, interrupting her just as she had been able to focus her full attention, for the first time in over 24 hours, on a thought that was entirely unrelated to the election or its outcome. “He will be the leader of this country for at least the next four years.” At press time, the looping phrase “Donald Trump will be president” had reportedly taken up permanent residence inside Gibson’s consciousness. Share This Story: WATCH VIDEO FROM THE ONION Sign up For The Onion's Newsletter 
Give your spam filter something to do. Daily Headlines ",0
3288,Iceland’s Pirate Party To Make History And Win Election,"The Pirate Party – a party comprised of activists, anarchists, and hackers – looks set to win Iceland’s general election this month. 
The win will mark an historic occasion that Western and European leaders thought would never happen. 
Icelandmonitor.mbl.is reports: 
A new opinion poll conducted by the Social Science Research Institute of the University of Iceland for Icelandic daily Morgunblaðið indicates that over one in five voters will be voting Pirate a week tomorrow. 
The data is from 14-19 October and puts the Pirate Party in first place with 22.6%, a point and a half ahead of the centre-right Independence Party (currently in power). These figures would give each party fifteen MPs in Iceland’s 63-seat national parliament (‘Alþingi’). 

The top two parties have already either implicitly or explicitly ruled out working together in a coalition. 
Iceland’s Pirate Party already made history back in 2013 when they received 5.1% of the vote and returned three MPs – Iceland is currently the only country in the world where the Pirate movement has elected MPs sitting in a national legislature. 
Next week’s election look set to blow even this impressive record out of the water, with the Pirates’ potentially winning outright, increasing their number of MPs five-fold, and commanding a strong mandate to form a government. 
If there were general elections today, whom would you vote for? – Social Science Research Institute of the University of Iceland, 14-19 October",0
3289,"Flight of the Conchords: Aimless, and That’s O.K. - The New York Times","MORRISON, Colo.  —   Surrounded by the   geological formations that cradle Red Rocks Amphitheater here, Jemaine Clement and Bret McKenzie could not help but contemplate the passage of time. On a cool July evening, these two comedians and musicians from New Zealand, who perform together as Flight of the Conchords, told more than 9, 000 gathered fans that they were sorry for having grown older since their last tour of the United States three years ago. As they age, Mr. Clement said, “It ultimately reminds you of your mortality, and for that, we apologize. ” Their advancing years are showing, too. “In that time,” Mr. McKenzie said, “we’ve come to like jazz music. ” For the 18 years that this band has existed, Flight of the Conchords has been distinguished by its subtlety: songs, jokes and stage banter so understated, you could be forgiven for not realizing when the two men performing them are joking. “There’s a very blurred line between the material and us just talking about things,” Mr. McKenzie, 40, said earlier that afternoon as he sat beside Mr. Clement, 42, on a   couch. “The audience thinks everything is a bit,” Mr. McKenzie continued. “But often it’s not a bit  —   it’s just us figuring something out. ” There was a time, about 10 years ago, when this unassuming pair seemed to have it all figured out in their own quiet way. They had a   HBO series and two Top 20 albums, as well as a Grammy for an earlier EP. They also had (and still have) a bluntness about their careers  —   a lack of interest in familiar enticements like wealth and fame, if not an outright cynicism about the entertainment industry  —   that can be mistaken for their authentically   demeanors. So it was a shock to fans when, in 2009, Mr. Clement and Mr. McKenzie boldly walked away from their HBO series, “Flight of the Conchords,” which they produced in New York and starred in for two seasons. They put their partnership on pause and returned home to Wellington, New Zealand. “It basically stopped being fun,” Mr. McKenzie said. “It really wasn’t a decision about money. It was definitely a decision about enjoying our lives. ” Even in its absence, Flight of the Conchords continued to have an impact. The bohemian ethos of the HBO series has been carried forward in comedies like “Girls” and “Broad City” the homegrown   videos they specialized in have helped spawn a viral internet culture and become staples of   talk shows. Seven years later, the bandmates neither take credit for these developments nor feel that they missed out on them, and they say they are happy with their solo trajectories. Along with the gray hairs in their beards, they each now have wives and children. Mr. Clement has starred in movies like “Men in Black 3” and “The BFG,” and Mr. McKenzie won an Academy Award for a song he wrote for “The Muppets. ” On their present itinerary, they have nothing to figure out (except a few new songs) and nothing to promote (except themselves). They find themselves playing in bigger spaces than they wished to more admirers than they thought they had. “We wanted it to be a tour of small venues,” Mr. Clement said. “We thought interest would have dwindled enough that that’s all we’d be able to do. Then the management put us in places like this. ” (Their coming dates include Forest Hills Stadium in Queens, N. Y. on July 20, and SummerStage in Central Park on July 24.) While they are flattered to still have a following, they point out that Flight of the Conchords was intended, as Mr. Clement put it, “as a hobby and a side thing”  —   something to do, to help them reach the things they really wanted to be doing. “This was just our   project,” he said. “And then we had two songs. And then three. ” While Mr. Clement strummed absently at a guitar on his lap, Mr. McKenzie explained that the tour was a good way to get them to focus on writing new songs and spare them the mild indignity of relying on past hits. “Working at our own pace is not one of our strengths,” he said. “Louis C. K. goes off and makes something. We wouldn’t get ’round to it. ” This summer they have been trying out tunes about partying as tepid, timid   a duet that imagines Mr. Clement and Mr. McKenzie as a dysfunctional father and son and a   ballad about a   hombre who meets his doppelgänger. (Their repertoire still includes favorites like the dystopian death anthem “Robots” and the domestic sex jam “Business Time,” on which Mr. Clement whispers that Tuesday night is when “we go and visit your mother, but Wednesday night we make sweet, weekly love. ”) There are no immediate plans to record the new numbers for an album. “If someone wants to convince me to do it,” Mr. Clement said, “it would be from the angle of, ‘People want to hear it, and it would be selfish not to let them. ’” With a laugh, he added: “Even doing this interview, I was like, ‘Why are we doing an interview? ’” (They said they were told the Forest Hills show needed some extra promotion. “Pride is a good way to go,” Mr. McKenzie said. “That’s our weakness. ”) From the outset, when they met as students at Victoria University of Wellington and performed in a variety of comedy groups, Mr. Clement and Mr. McKenzie have walked a line between caring just enough about their work to do a good job and not caring at all. When Flight of the Conchords broke through in the early 2000s, at events like the Edinburgh Festival Fringe and the (now defunct) U. S. Comedy Arts Festival, it tapped into a sensibility seen in comedies like Larry David’s “Curb Your Enthusiasm” and Ricky Gervais’s “The Office. ” “There was this new wave of cringe humor, awkward humor, and stepping through that doorway were two of the most awkward people you’ve ever met,” said Rhys Darby, a New   comedian who often works with Mr. Clement and Mr. McKenzie. Where the spirit of Flight of the Conchords differed, Mr. Darby said, was: “There was no pessimism about it. It was more of a naïve happiness. They were from another world. ” A BBC radio program led to the HBO series, in which Mr. McKenzie and Mr. Clement played versions of themselves, two unsophisticated New Zealanders adrift in New York, and Mr. Darby played their hapless manager. But producing the HBO series, they said, was grueling  —   Mr. McKenzie said he counted a period of 110 days without a day off  —   even when they split their duties so Mr. Clement could rewrite scripts while Mr. McKenzie composed music. Having previously instructed their agents not to tell them how much HBO was offering them for renewals, they simply walked away from a potential third season. (Now they joke that they should have copied Dave Chappelle, who exited his popular “Chappelle’s Show” in  . “We should have done the third season, just taken the money and gone to Africa like Chappelle,” Mr. McKenzie said.) Friends of the band mates say they approached their hiatus with an intentional aimlessness. The humorist John Hodgman, who often performs with Flight of the Conchords, said, “The feeling I got was not that they were itching to see what else was out there for them, but they wanted to see how much less was available. ” The comedian Eugene Mirman, a frequent collaborator, said their individual successes had validated these explorations. “It’s not like they formed two solo bands  —   it’s more that they now do a variety of things,” Mr. Mirman said. “Bret won an Oscar. If that’s not enough, I don’t know what you believe someone’s solo career is supposed to be. ” This time out, Mr. Hodgman said, “They seem to be having a really good time. But for them to say they’re having a good time, in their weird New Zealand minds, would be bragging. So they would never say it. ” Mr. Clement and Mr. McKenzie each have a slate of personal assignments to keep busy: Mr. McKenzie is writing a film adaptation of the Neil Gaiman children’s book “Fortunately, the Milk,” and Mr. Clement is working on an unspecified TV project, happy not to be writing more music. “I just can’t handle being in a studio,” Mr. Clement said. “I like playing music live and not hearing the mistakes I’m making. ” (Mr. McKenzie, who has written songs for two   Muppet movies, said, “I’ve loved coming back and working on songs where you can swear. ”) Perhaps when the tour is over, Flight of the Conchords will be persuaded to play a   HBO concert special. Mr. Clement said, “Someone will come to us at the end and say either, ‘This is almost ready for the special,’ or ‘This is ready for the special. ’” But the band does not aspire to anything more ambitious. “We’re definitely not trying to get a TV show,” he said, with the most emphasis he’d used in the conversation. For now they were satisfied to be playing a show that can be as loose and   as they want, and nostalgic only for a time when they could play it smaller, sloppier and to fewer people. “There’s bits that we know don’t work, that we just haven’t gotten ’round to fixing,” Mr. McKenzie said. Mr. Clement added: “It’s hard to tell now. It’s easier in a small bar than it is here. Silence is more obvious in a small crowd. ”",0
3290,Hear Roger Stone (and Me) in Ft. Worth,"Llewellyn H. Rockwell, Jr.  blog/hear-roger-stone-jn-ft-worth/ 
It won’t be the shoot-out at the non-OK corral, but rather a hot, fun discussion on the election and politics at the Mises Circle , Sat., Nov. 5, 2016. Jeff Deist and Bob Murphy will also speak, and it’s just $40 per person, with a nice lunch included. Get the inside dope on the inside dopes. PS: students are free. 12:08 pm on October 26, 2016",0
3291,’Daily Show’ Accused of Transphobia over ’Donna Trump’ Joke,"Comedy Central’s Daily Show has been blasted on social media and accused of ridiculing transgender people after the show’s official Twitter account cracked a joke about President Donald Trump transitioning into a woman. [The official Twitter account for the Trevor   show posted a message Wednesday asking viewers to pick what they thought Thursday’s biggest news headline would be.  The four hypothetical headlines were “Trump uses Constitution as a KFC napkin,” “Comey drops a complete ‘visual album,’” “Ivanka requests immunity,” and “Donald Trump announces he is now Donna Trump. ” The last joke apparently set off social media, as users wasted no time in ripping the Daily Show for making light of transgender transitioning. Some users noted the joke was particularly offensive because it was made on International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia  Biphobia. Of course the Daily Show ran a lazy transphobic joke on the Intl Day against Homophobia, Biphobia, and Transphobia   the day Chelsea is free,  —   Kevin Colbert (@kevinescent) May 18, 2017,  SNL used homophobia to ”make fun” of trump and the Daily Show used transphobia today to the same ends. There must be a better way.  —   Broderick Greer (@BroderickGreer) May 18, 2017,  @TheDailyShow E: ”The Daily Show celebrates International Day Against Transphobia with transphobic ’joke’.”  —   sharia lawful good (@hooper_x) May 17, 2017,  Repeat after me: gender identity is not a punchline https:  .   —   Kitson Smyth (@smyth_kitson) May 18, 2017,  @TheDailyShow Haha you’re right daily show. Someone transitioning is definitely as crazy as the other things on this list,  —   TB Corporate (@trillballins) May 18, 2017,  @TheDailyShow Literally the easiest target in the ENTIRE WORLD and you go for a trans joke?  —   slugabed (@mymillshake) May 18, 2017,  @TheDailyShow It’s using us as a punch line which directly contributes to a climate where other bigots think they can murder us without consequences.  —   Christina DiEdoardo (@ChristinaSFLaw) May 18, 2017,  @TheDailyShow Do better Daily Show. Trans people are not punch lines. 😡  —   Beth Y (@Beth_Y) May 18, 2017,  @TheDailyShow international day against transphobia, chelsea manning gets released from prison, hacks at the daily show drop a transphobic joke. good jorb,  —   DPRK Weed Nuke (@PrototypeCube) May 18, 2017,  no one at the daily show has ever even acknowledged their history of transphobia, much less apologized,  —   um jammer trans g (@joffeorama) May 18, 2017,  One Twitter user recalled former Daily Show host Jon Stewarts harsh joke toward transgender people. Speaking of the Daily Show and transphobia this from 2003 seems relevant. Also props to @Dennis_Kucinich pic. twitter.   —   Adam H. Johnson (@adamjohnsonNYC) May 18, 2017,  The show’s official Twitter account has since deleted the joke. Neither the show nor its host Trevor Noah offered an immediate comment to address the situation.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
3292,"Coached by the Zen Master, the Knicks Try Mindfulness - The New York Times","Derrick Rose had never attempted mindfulness sessions in his first seven years in the N. B. A. There had been moments with his therapist here and there that seemed similar, but nothing overseen by the Chicago Bulls. Just the thought of Tom Thibodeau, his old coach, looming over a meditation setting, his gravelly voice booming as he tried to instill calm, made Rose laugh. But in New York, Rose has come to enjoy new experiences, and in an organization run by a man nicknamed the Zen Master, that means taking part in team meetings based on mindfulness. That the Knicks take part in mindfulness exercises is not new. They have done so since Phil Jackson took over as team president in 2014. But after two years with George Mumford, a friend of Jackson’s, leading the sessions, Jackson has taken over himself this season. His influence, and the value of the sessions, is not that easy to gauge, since various Knicks have various opinions on the matter. But in general, most players said they found the exercises useful, even if they were not quite sure what they were doing. “It’s something different,” Rose said recently. “Something to relax you. Something to stimulate your mind and help you out in the long term as far as clearing your mind. There’s different things you can do I don’t take it for granted. Whenever I see those types of things, I try to focus in on it because you never know whether it gives you an advantage if you did. ” Jackson has long tried to keep his teams attuned to their inner selves. He first brought in Mumford, who now counts Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant as pupils, to work with the Bulls in 1993. He was looking for someone to help the team deal with the burden of success: Chicago had won three consecutive championships. He knew of Mumford, who was working at a   clinic at the University of Massachusetts, through friends. While Jackson obviously believes in it  —   he did not respond to a request for comment for this article  —   describing what it entails is a little more difficult. Mumford admits it is difficult to talk about mindfulness and explain its aim. He compares it to improvisation, where actors and actresses confront the situations thrust on them and try to function inside those limits. The goal, he says, is to allow athletes to reflect and to slow down the mind  —   to get it into game shape. “This ability to step back and observe your experience in an uncritical way, you can actually understand how your mind works, how your body works, how the universe works, how basketball works,’’ he said. “And also understanding that when you’re performing at your best level, there’s usually a lack of  . ” Mumford will not say why he is no longer running the meetings for the Knicks, citing a contractual bind, but he has been replaced by Jackson at the head of the meetings. The Knicks have held this season’s mindfulness sessions since the start of training camp and try to have one once a week if they are at home. Before the team watches game tapes, the players, Jackson and Coach Jeff Hornacek will gather in the film room. The mindfulness meetings can then last upward of 15 minutes. Jackson leads the gatherings. Carmelo Anthony calls him “the mindfulness  . ” Jackson had done a similar stint when he coached the Lakers, but Sasha Vujacic, the Knicks guard who also played for Jackson in Los Angeles, says his impact had changed. “In L. A. it was completely different,” Vujacic said. “He was with us nonstop and had a big effect on everybody. Right now, I think it’s also getting there. It’s good. It’s him who is teaching us about that, and guys are picking up and learning about it. The minds are getting strong. That’s what matters. One mind, one breath. ” Jackson begins and ends each meeting with a message. Most have been focused on unity and finding the right state of mind  —   a   exercise. During the session, Rose said, the players are supposed to sit on the edge of their chairs, with proper posture, and to center their hands at the middle of their bodies. Jackson asks them to count to 10 and to count each breath, focusing on their awareness. For some, this is the first time they have earnestly tried any form of meditation. Others have had some previous experience. “I did a little bit,” Marshall Plumlee, the rookie center, said, referring to past attempts to meditate. “But I don’t think I really did it the right way, if there is a right way. The more I talk about it, I’m probably showing how little I know about it. What I’ve started trying to do with the Knicks I can tell you, firsthand, has helped me tremendously. ” Plumlee and some of his teammates have started using a phone app called Headspace that can be used to schedule short meditation sets throughout the day. Vujacic began meditating when he was a young player in Los Angeles and found it complemented his game. Now, he meditates on his own time. Anthony said he did, too. Jackson has also given the Knicks a book on the subject, “Mindfulness on the Go,” but that may be drawing less interest. “I didn’t read it,” Rose said. “Nobody really read it. ” Not every Knick is intrigued with the mindfulness regimen. Kyle O’Quinn declined to comment when asked about the sessions. Courtney Lee did not seem eager to talk about them, either. “It’s difficult to explain,” he said. “Just know it’s mindfulness, all right. It’s mindfulness. ” Yet, the meetings may be less an end than a means. Anthony says he finds them useful but that he gets more out of meditating outside the facility. Even Mumford says there is no one way or drill that works for every player. Some players practiced through yoga, while Dennis Rodman listened to music. Justin Holiday, new to the Knicks this season, said he thought the sessions were helpful “if you take it seriously. ’’ “I think you’re going to need to do it more on your own time, though,’’ he added. “Once a week is good, I guess. It kind of helps you figure out how to do it. But I think if you do it more yourself and find it in your space, then it does help. ” And, oh yes, the Knicks are   this season and showing some real promise for the first time since Jackson came aboard. Something to be mindful of, for sure.",0
3293,SONEG El Mundo Today 2×12: ¿Es ético hacerse viejo?,© El Mundo Today Más historias Manuela Carmena pide a los madrileños que guarden las latas y las bolsas de la basura para hacer los vestidos de los Reyes Magos EL MUNDO TODAY RADIO Este sitio web utiliza cookies para analizar cómo es utilizado el sitio. Las cookies no te pueden identificar. Si continuas navegando supone la aceptación de la Política de Cookies. Estoy de acuerdo. Más info.,0
3294,Joy Reid: Saying ’Latino-on-Latino Violence’ Is ’Trying To Ascribe Violence to an Entire Race’ - Breitbart,"On Saturday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” anchor Joy Reid stated that former Republican Congressman J. D. Hayworth’s responding to a question on a woman who was arrested by immigration officials while seeking a protective order by saying that he has ” a greater degree of discomfort with the    violence  …    I have a greater concern about law breaking and violence was “trying to ascribe violence to an entire race of people, ethnicity, an ethnic group as the answer to my question. ”  Reid asked about a case where a woman who was seeking a protective order and was arrested by immigration officers. Hayworth responded, “I have a greater degree of discomfort with the    violence in the Washington, DC area, where a    was savagely attacked by members  . I have a greater concern about law breaking and violence than I do about a situation where people disobeyed immigration laws. ” Reid then countered, “You just answered my question about a specific arrest with an attempt to talk about    violence. So, essentially you’re trying to ascribe violence to an entire race of people, ethnicity, an ethnic group as the answer to my question. That is not the answer to my question. That’s a  . ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
3295,US-led airstrike kills at least 30 Afghan civilians,"US-led airstrike kills at least 30 Afghan civilians 11/03/2016 
PRESS TV 
At least 30 Afghan civilians, including women and children, have lost their lives in Afghanistan in an airstrike carried out by the so-called US-led military alliance in the country’s volatile north. 
Local Afghan officials said more than two dozen civilians were also injured in the aerial assault which took place in the northern province of Kunduz on Thursday. 
“Afghan forces and coalition troops conducted a joint operation against the Taliban insurgents. In the bombardment, 30 Afghan civilians were martyred and 25 others were wounded,” media outlets quoted provincial spokesman, Mahmood Danish, as saying. 
Airstrike sparks anti-US protest rally 
Following the deadly airstrike, dozens of the relatives of those killed in the US-led raid staged a demonstration outside the governor’s office in Kunduz to condemn the attack as they were carrying the bodies of the victims. 
“I am heartbroken. I have lost seven members of my family. I want to know, why these innocent children were killed? Were they Taliban?” said Taza Gul, a 55-year-old laborer, adding, “No, they were innocent children.” 
Afghan government forces are engaged in fierce fighting against the militants in and around Kunduz. Relatives and members of civilians sit next the dead body of a man who was killed during clashes between Afghan security forces and the Taliban in Kunduz, Afghanistan November 3, 2016. (Photo by Reuters) 
Taliban militants briefly overran the city of Kunduz, the provincial capital with the same name, in early October. They had briefly seized control of the city a year earlier but they were pushed out of Kunduz weeks later. They now seek to gain full control over the city. 
Taliban militants were removed from power following the 2001 US-led invasion of Afghanistan, but they have stepped up their activities in recent months, attempting to overrun several provinces. 
Afghan forces have been engaged in fierce clashes with Taliban to contain the ongoing insurgency across various parts of the violence-wrecked country. 
The rising violence in Afghanistan comes despite the presence of thousands of foreign troops in the country.",0
3296,Sen. David Purdue: Trump’s New Immigration EO Protects All Americans from Islamic State - Breitbart,"Georgia Republican Sen. David Perdue (R. .) cheered President Donald Trump’s new executive order on immigration Monday shortly after the president signed it at the White House. [“Since Day One, President Trump has kept his promise to protect our country and keep all Americans safe,” said Perdue, the only Fortune 500 CEO serving in Congress. He went on:  Trump and his National Security Team have closely examined our vetting procedures for countries with ISIS strongholds and continue to take action to stop ISIS from exploiting our country’s immigration system and refugee programs. They have made several updates to these efforts, including, allowing citizens from adequately vetted countries like Iraq to travel to the United States, and ensuring that people who have been granted green cards can travel to and from our country. . @POTUS’ new Executive Order is meant to secure our country  protect all Americans and refugees from our shared enemy. pic. twitter.   —   David Perdue (@sendavidperdue) March 6, 2017,  Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said the executive order reflects the president’s concern for the safety of the American people. “We must undertake a rigorous review of our visa and refugee vetting programs to increase our confidence in the entry decisions we make for visitors and immigrants to the United States. We cannot risk the prospect of malevolent actors using our immigration system to take American lives,” he said. “The executive order signed today is prospective in nature —  applying only to foreign nationals outside of the United States who do not have a valid visa,” Kelly said. “It is important to note that nothing in this executive order affects current lawful permanent residents or persons with current authorization to enter our country,” he said. “If you have a current valid visa to travel, we welcome you. But unregulated, unvetted travel is not a universal privilege, especially when national security is at stake,” he said. #SecretaryKelly: We cannot risk prospect of malevolent actors using our immigration system to take American lives → https:  .   —   Homeland Security (@DHSgov) March 6, 2017,  Monday’s executive order comes after the rough rollout of the Jan. 27 executive order that suspended travelers from seven countries with a limited ability to vet immigrants and refugees: Syria, Iran, Iraq, Somalia, Yemen, Libya, and Sudan. That original executive order was challenged in the courts, and a federal judge blocked the administration from enforcing it. The new executive order tightens up the loose ends from the Jan. 27 order and reflects a more robust staff process now that Attorney General Jeff Sessions is confirmed and in place along with other key staffers. Trump also dropped Iraq from the order after its government pledged to partner with the American government vetting immigrants and refugees from there. Perdue said the changes from the withdrawn executive order are focused on the real job of the president. “These updates underscore President Trump’s intent to responsibly secure our country and protect all Americans and refugees from our shared enemy, ISIS. ”",0
3297,Afghanistan Slides to the Brink of Ethnic Warfare,Afghanistan President Mohammad Ashraf Ghani (Patrick Tsui/FCO),0
3298,Real Disclosure! Secret Alien Base Found In Moon's Tycho Crater,"Real Disclosure! Secret Alien Base Found In Moon's Tycho Crater # Grey 52 
Real Disclosure is where you find something on the lunar surface that cannot possibly exist unless someone built it. NO WAY it's a natural formation --- SOMETHING constructed that ---- 90° angles are just not possible without alien/man-made interaction. More 'smoking gun' irrefutable proof of intelligence from abroad. Tags",0
3299,Islamic Jihadi Slams into California Veteran’s Car at 100mph: “It was in the Name of Allah!”,"An Islamic jihadi decided to use his vehicle to attack a US veteran on the streets of California earlier this month. After slamming into the veteran's car, the men told an off-duty police officer, ""I did it on purpose. It was in the name of Allah."" 
Scott Alcala was going to play a round of golf with his father when the attack occurred. 
Alcala had to act quickly and swerve into oncoming traffic in an attempt to avoid a Chevy Suburban that was headed straight for him. 
""I saw the suburban coming right at me about to T-bone right into the driver door and I thought that was it,"" he said. ""A second later I turned my head and just smashed into the barrier."" 
Both men survived and no one else was involved. However, Acala says an off-duty police officer went to check on the other man. 
""The off-duty police officer went to talk to the other driver in his vehicle and he said, 'Are you alright? That was way too fast,' and (the driver) said 'I did it on purpose,"" Acala recalled. ""It was in the name of Allah.'"" 
Fox 26 reports : 
The police report says driver Ameer Abbaf Fakhraldin told police the collision was caused by Donald Trump's improper treatment of minorities, and by Allah and other people's lack of faith in him. Fakhraldin estimated his speed was 100 miles per hour. He also told police he caused the crash by using psychic / telekinetic powers to control the steering. The officer at the scene said the driver showed apathy and neglected interest. 
Police haven't specified if this was an act of terrorism but Alcala thinks it was. 
""There was no remorse,"" Acala said. ""He just went back to his car nonchalant, pulled out a water bottle and just posted up."" 
""He was just trying to target as many people as he could,"" he added. ""He was just trying to cause a pile up. It wasn't me personally. It was as if someone were to throw a bomb in the middle of downtown, it's no different, it's the same thinking."" 
Mr. Acala then added that as a veteran, having fought over seas, this makes him feel like he is encountering a war zone in his homeland. 
""Coming back from Afghanistan, thinking I'm on home soil I'm safe now… just shouldn't have to worry about something like that you know,"" he said. 
Did you hear this in the mainstream media? I'm guessing you didn't. After all, they are too busy cover for Islamic jihadists , right? shares",0
3300,Trump and Kelly ’Dismantle’ Obama’s ’Progress’ for Illegal Immigrants,"A former Obama Administration official responsible for the detention of illegal immigrants said President Donald Trump and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary John Kelly are “dismantling the progress we had made. ”[Kevin Landy, President Barack Obama’s director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Office of Detention Policy and Planning, took exception to President’s Trump’s decision to shut down his department. Under Secretary Kelly, the DHS is poised to change some of the   conditions illegal immigrants, including criminals, receive while in detention.  As an example, illegal immigrants in two Orange County, California, detention facilities have daily clothing and bedding changes performed by a jail employee. The standard for other criminal facilities is a weekly change. “That one seems a little overkill,” detaining center Commander Jon J. Briggs told the New York Times. “Jail is jail,” Butler County, Ohio, Sheriff Richard Jones told the New York newspaper. “It’s fair and it’s human, but we don’t put chocolates on the pillows. ” Landy reacted to the Trump Administration’s efforts to toughen standards in the detention centers and claimed, “a decision to simultaneously abandon detention standards could have disastrous consequences for the health and safety of these individuals. ” He said he hoped Secretary Kelly, “wouldn’t want to dismantle the progress we had made,” but didn’t really detail what “progress” he was referencing. The New York Times detailed some of the “progress” he might have been referencing. The ever growing list of requirements call for: Notify immigration officials if a detainee spends two weeks or longer in solitary confinement. Check on suicidal inmates every 15 minutes, and evaluate their mental health every day. Inform detainees, in languages they can understand, how to obtain medical care. In disciplinary hearings, provide a staff member who can advocate in English on the detainee’s behalf. ICE officials declined to comment on Landy’s claims, stating only that the agency responsible for enforcing immigration law is “in the midst of examining a variety of detention models to determine which models would best meet anticipated detention needs. ” The Clinton Administration established the initial standards in 2000. Since that time, they expanded under President George W. Bush in 2008 and again under President Obama in 2011. The current guidelines now fill 455 pages and go into “granular detail on subjects including the minimum number of toilets  —   one for every 12 detainees in male facilities or eight detainees in female facilities  —   and trash bag thickness (at least 1. 5 millimeters),” the New York Times reported. With the crackdown on criminal aliens and other deportable individuals under the Trump Administration, more detention facilities will be required and costs will be an increasing concern. Commander Briggs told the reporter from the New York Times the Trump Administration has already requested 500 additional beds. They warned that more will be coming in the months ahead. The commander said he currently can take only 120 at this time. Breitbart Texas Managing Director and    Brandon Darby contributed to this article. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook. ",0
3301,Senate Approves Waiver for Gen. Mattis to Serve as Pentagon Chief - Breitbart,"The   Senate has approved a waiver to allow retired U. S. Marine Corps Gen. James “Mad Dog” Mattis to serve as incoming President Donald Trump’s secretary of defense. [Although he only retired in 2013, Gen. Mattis easily cleared an early procedural hurdle after his confirmation hearing, during which he described Russia as a “principal” threat against the United States.  Following the Senate Armed Services Committee’s bipartisan   vote, the   voted   vote to in favor of the waiver. The only committee members who voted against his waiver are Democratic Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand (NY) Richard Blumenthal (CT) and Elizabeth Warren (MA). Current law dictates that an individual must be out of military uniform for at least seven years before taking the civilian position of Pentagon chief. The measure has only been waived for George Marshall in 1950. “Having demonstrated 40 years of loyalty to the principle of civilian control and to the U. S. Constitution, I know what to expect from the uniformed leadership in their interactions with the Department’s civilian leaders,” Gen. Mattis told lawmakers in answers to policy questions posed before the confirmation hearing. “Furthermore, I understand what is required of the civilians tasked with leading our military services. ” “If confirmed as the Department’s civilian leader, I will put the right team in place to provide civilian leadership across the Department of Defense, ensure feedback loops are robust, and be responsive to the Congress,” also said Mattis, later adding, “Like all American commissioned officers, I was taught to respect the concept of civilian control of the military from my first day in uniform. I forecast no impact from my past service. ”",0
3302,LISTEN: Breitbart London’s Raheem Kassam Delivers Stirring Article 50 Day Message,"Breitbart London Editor in Chief Raheem Kassam has delivered a stirring monologue on Breitbart News Daily, celebrating Article 50 Day, reflecting on the journey which led us here, and looks forward to the opportunities Brexit will bring. [“It’s a very, very important day an absolutely monumental day for Western civilisation for democracy for the will of the people,” he began. “It’s an incredibly important day for my country, and for the future of the Western world.  “Today is the day the British government will formally advise the European Union that we intend to leave the EU, after a tumultuous   relationship that culminated in that shock victory for the ordinary man and woman on June 23rd last year. ” Believe in Britain. Vote to Leave EU. https:  .   —   Nigel Farage (@Nigel_Farage) June 23, 2016,  “It is a day I will never forget from voting in the same polling station as the Prime Minister, to touring across the   of England and around London  —   my car speakers were blaring ‘The Final Countdown’ by the band Europe  —   to later that night, when the votes began to trickle in, into the early hours when we realised, ‘Oh my God. We might have actually done it’,” he recalled. “And honestly, I couldn’t believe it. I couldn’t believe my eyes, nor my ears, as I stood next to Nigel Farage and the news anchors gulped with trepidation: ‘Ladies and gentlemen, Britain has voted out of the European Union’  —   I get chills just thinking about it. ” We’ve only gone and bloody done it! !! pic. twitter.   —   Raheem Kassam (@RaheemKassam) June 24, 2016,  “We now set off on an exciting road, full of possibilities, as a once again sovereign nation in a world desperate for change. “Today marks a day not just for the United Kingdom, but for our great allies and trading partners around the world, who we so churlishly turned our backs on when the European Union came knocking, claiming to have a trade deal we couldn’t refuse. “But the situation today has changed,” Kassam declared. “Emerging markets, as found in the Commonwealth, are growing faster than our European partners. The Continent turned its back on controlled migration and effective borders European leaders decided to pursue political, financial, and military union as a new kind of empire, dominated by Germany, with a single currency, a flag and an anthem  —   so utterly foreign and devoid of all meaning to we British that we found ourselves with no other option but to say ‘Nope, not for us. Not anymore.’ “In short, our Prime Minister’s letter to the European Union today will say, ‘Thanks for the memories, even though they weren’t so great’. ” Kassam also looked forward to a renaissance for the historic   friendship, and a renewal of the bonds of loyalty which bind Great Britain to its kith and kin in the Commonwealth of Nations. “A new dawn has broken for our pioneering nation and our allies around the world: American, India, Australia, Canada  …     “We still want to be good neighbours with our European friends, but we don’t want to live in the same cramped apartment with them, treading on each other’s toes and arguing about what to watch on the television  —   no. “Instead, Britannia and Uncle Sam will be able to stand shoulder to shoulder once again, unimpeded, unencumbered, and free to project the pioneering values we always have throughout modern history: liberty, the will of people, the rule of law, and importantly, alongside all these things, pride. “Pride in who we are as a people, pride in who we are as a nation, pride in what both we can achieve independently and in free and open relationships that we are not forced to be a part of, but that we choose to be a part of. ” Addressing listeners in the U. S. directly, Kassam emphasised: “Our great nations both underwent major seismic changes last year, ladies and gentlemen, and today, on Article 50 day in Britain, I say this to you: Now marks our greatest opportunity to deliver a better world for our children, and our children’s children, than we will ever get again in our lifetimes. “Happy Article 50 Day, ladies and gentlemen!”  ",0
3303,"Florida Voter Registration Deadline Is Extended, a Win for Democrats - The New York Times","A federal judge has extended Florida’s voter registration deadline to Oct. 18, agreeing with voting rights advocates and the state Democratic Party that damage from Hurricane Matthew threatened to deprive some residents of their right to cast a ballot. The decision on Wednesday had major political implications in a swing state where, the party’s lawyers said, Democrats make up a disproportionate share of those who register in the final week. Florida and North Carolina, which also has a tight presidential race, were two of the five states battered last week as Hurricane Matthew moved up the coast, lashing northeastern Florida and causing severe flooding in North Carolina. North Carolina officials said on Tuesday that they would address any problems. “We are working with each county with damage or anticipated damage to ensure they have polling places available for early voting and Election Day,” the executive director of the State Board of Elections, Kim Westbrook Strach, said. But in parts of the state that were underwater, residents had other problems on their mind. “The focus now is on making sure people are safe,” Merwyn Smith, a pastor and a member of the Lenoir County Board of Education, said in Kinston, N. C. “A lot of voters are not going to be focused on voting right now. ” Mr. Smith knows that now is normally the time for a final registration push. But on Wednesday, he was delivering bottled water to a shelter, where 166 people were hunkering down ahead of dangerous flooding expected this week. Across the state, thousands have been rescued or evacuated as swollen inland rivers flood neighborhoods, destroy cars and shut down major roads. The chaos, Mr. Smith said, is likely to hinder early voting, which starts Oct. 20. Florida’s and North Carolina’s responses to the storm have received especially close scrutiny both because of the states’ significance in the presidential race and because of allegations of political bias. A federal appeals court struck down North Carolina’s   election law in August, saying it had been crafted to suppress voting by  . In Florida, the Republican state government has limited voter registration drives, shortened the   period and limited voting by   since Gov. Rick Scott took office in 2011. Critics say that all three actions disproportionately affect Democratic voters. Democrats sued Mr. Scott after he refused to extend the state’s Oct. 11 registration deadline, even though much of Florida’s east coast had been evacuated and all state offices had been closed before the hurricane hit. News accounts quoted the governor as saying, “Everybody’s had a lot of time to register,” and brushing off the potential impact on the election. “Look, this is, this is politics,” he said. Both the Democrats and the League of Women Voters, which sued Mr. Scott separately, disputed his analysis. They noted that as many as 181, 000 Florida residents had signed up to vote in the last nine days of registration in 2012. Lawyers for the state Democrats noted that   registrants tend to be young or minorities, two heavily Democratic groups, and that Mr. Scott heads a “super PAC,” Rebuilding America Now, that supports the Republican presidential nominee, Donald J. Trump. Mr. Scott had argued that he lacked the authority to extend the deadline, but Judge Mark Walker, of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida, said both federal law and the Constitution justified doing so to protect the right to vote. “No right is more precious,” Judge Walker said. In North Carolina, Gov. Pat McCrory, a Republican, said Monday that he had not decided whether to extend the state’s Friday registration deadline. “Let’s see how we get through this week and see what the status of the voting, early registration sites will be,” Mr. McCrory said. “I won’t close that option at this point in time. ” Unlike Florida, however, North Carolina allows voters to register and cast a ballot at the same time during an early voting period that begins next week, giving those who miss the deadline a second chance to sign up. Three other states  —   Georgia, South Carolina and Virginia  —   suffered less hurricane damage and little disruption to their election preparations, officials in each state said. Sekethia Baker, a behavior specialist who was talking with Mr. Smith in Kinston, said she expected storm damage to hamper the     efforts in which she typically participates. “Just getting people’s focus back on voting,” she said, “it’s going to be hard to get that motivation back. ”",0
3304,"I envy you, American citizens.","  Israel Shamir is an internationally acclaimed political thinker, Internet columnist and writer. His comments about current affairs and their deeper meaning are published on his site IsraelShamir.net and elsewhere. They are also collected in three books, Galilee Flowers, Cabbala of Power and recently published Masters of Discourse available in English, French, German, Spanish, Russian, Arabic, Norwegian, Swedish, Italian, Hungarian etc. Shamir is a Russian-born Jew who converted to Orthodox Christianity. Originally from Novosibirsk, Siberia, Shamir moved to Israel in 1969. He lives in Jaffa and and spends much time in Moscow and Stockholm ; and is an outspoken critic of Israel and Zionism. Israel Shamir can be reached at adam@israelshamir.net I envy you, American citizens. By Israel Shamir on November 4, 2016 We know he is against the Masters because every newspaper is against him. 
by Israel Shamir 
I envy you, American citizens. I do not care about your military might, nor for your supreme currency, the US dollar. I envy your chance to deal on 11/8 a decisive blow to the rule of the Masters of Discourse. 
Though the Masters control the entirety of world media, and they decide what people may think and say from Canada to Hong Kong, only you, American citizens, can defeat them. This is a great chance, a unique opportunity not to be missed. 
The Masters of Discourse can be defeated. They are not stronger than any ruler of past. Trump has a great quality making him fit for the task: he is impervious to labels and libels. He had been called everything in the book: anti-Semite, racist, women hater, you name it. And he still survived that flak. Such people are very rare. 
We know he is against the Masters because every newspaper is against him. I never saw a similar onslaught but once, in Russia in 1996. Then President Yeltsin, an old drunkard who had brought Russia to collapse, had to run for his second term. His popularity was next to zero. Two per cent of Russians intended to vote for him. And then the oligarchs turned on their propaganda machine. Yeltsin’s competitor Gennady Zyuganov, a mild church-going post-communist, had been presented like a Hitler of his days. All the Russian media of the day belonged to oligarchs, and all of it participated in the onslaught. Zyuganov surrendered. 
Perhaps he won the election, but he congratulated Yeltsin with his victory. It was said that he was threatened with assassination unless… Others say he was bribed. I do not exclude both explanations, but for sure the might of united media can crush a timid man. 
In the days of the Jewish Temple, there was a Magrepha, a wind instrument able to produce diverse and frightening sounds. There is no agreement among the scholars about what sort of thing it was. Whenever it sounded, people were scared. 
The media of our days is a new Magrepha. If all of its outputs are united, they produce a terrible roar. A Magrepha, the organ of the ancient Hebrews in the synagogue. 
Yes, the onslaught of the media upon Trump has been exceedingly unfair, but he survived it. What is even more important, you survived it, it does not matter what the polls say: they say what the newspapers tell them to say. Even people answer the polls according to the media prognoses: they are shy of saying they would vote for a man who … But at the moment of actual vote, they do what they know is right for them. Not for transgenders, not for Muslim brokers, not even for single mothers, but for themselves. 
You have a very good chance to win, and to defeat the witch and her supporters. We learned that the British people voted for Brexit, though all the media said that proposal had no chance. But we also learned from Brexit, that nothing is over until it is over. The Masters of Discourse will try every trick to steal the elections, and only their fear of armed rising may finally force them to acknowledge their inevitable defeat. We know that in 2015, when Benjamin Netanyahu, the Israeli Prime Minister, was afraid of losing the elections, he revealed that the American intelligence has some superior software which allows them to falsify the elections. Perhaps, but he won despite this magical software, despite Obama’s wrath. Even in Israel, that favorite son of the Masters, the Masters are hated. The New York Times is always speaking good about Israel, but still Israelis do not like the newspaper. Nobody likes them, nobody likes an old aunt who tries to tell us what we can say and what we can’t. If Netanyahu could win, Trump can win twice. KEY STATES TILTING TOWARD TRUMP AFTER FBI’S OCTOBER SURPRISE 
After the first debate of Trump and Clinton, people said: She won! But we shall vote for him. This was a very encouraging sign. Indeed every woman worth its salt would win an argument with her husband or son-in-law, let alone a pretender. That is the way we are made. 
The story of sirens enforces the belief that if you listen to a woman, she will bewitch you. Sirens actually ate the bewitched sailors; our womenfolk do not go to such extremes, but they can cause us a lot of trouble. 
Trump seems to be almost pure of heart and deed, as even the extremely prejudiced media could not find anything really incriminating about him but bragging about having his way with women. 
I shall not recount so many proven accusations against Hillary. All of that can be found in the emails revealed by Julian Assange and his great Wikileaks team. The media kept mum about it, but the secrets can’t be kept forever. 
There are many practical things Donald Trump will be able to fix. He can return industries home, he can return American GIs home from four ends of the world, he can improve life for a lot of working men and women. But he surely will set all of us free from the annoying bondage of the Masters. Just for that reason, go and vote, for yourself and for millions of us who aren’t entitled to. Israel Shamir can be reached at This article was first published at The Unz Review . 
Also see:",0
3305,"New Clinton Probe Dead from the Start, John Podesta’s Best Friend at DOJ In Charge of Investigation","Elon Musk to Completely Revolutionize the Energy Industry with New Tesla Solar Roof Home / BREAKING NEWS / New Clinton Probe Dead from the Start, John Podesta’s Best Friend at DOJ In Charge of Investigation New Clinton Probe Dead from the Start, John Podesta’s Best Friend at DOJ In Charge of Investigation Claire Bernish November 1, 2016 Leave a comment 
Late on Friday evening, the FBI announced the reopening of its investigation of Hillary Clinton and her opprobrious emails, and the Department of Justice quickly followed suit on Monday, vowing to “dedicate all needed resources to quickly review emails in [the] Clinton case,” according to a tweet by the Associated Press . BREAKING: Justice Dept. says it'll dedicate all needed resources to quickly review emails in Clinton case. 
— The Associated Press (@AP) October 31, 2016 
Both announcements, made after Clinton aid Huma Abedin’s emails were discovered on estranged husband Anthony Weiner’s computer, come amid growing internal contention, as the FBI and DOJ parse out how to deal with the pressure of a rapidly approaching presidential election, as well as public perception the original investigation had been purposely bumbled in favor of the Democratic nominee. 
However welcome or unwelcome the news of reopened investigations might be, one major detail — revealed in Wikileaks ongoing publications of Clinton campaign chair John Podesta’s emails — presents evidence the Justice Department’s probe could amount to little more than a smoke screen to placate an irate public. 
Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik promised Congress in a letter the Justice Department “will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible.” #BREAKING Senior DOJ official sends letter to lawmakers responding to request for more information about email review. #8days pic.twitter.com/PCgT2ODkQd 
— Just the Facts (@JTF_News) October 31, 2016 
Perhaps that vow, from a government branch putatively dedicated to ensuring the criminal element is duly punished for misbehavior, should reassure those increasingly suspicious of an obviously-rigged system. 
Perhaps, before Wikileaks revealed interdepartmental communications and corruption, that promise might have held weight beyond a symbolic gesture of obligation — but as Podesta’s emails reveal, it’s entirely possible this reopened investigation is failed from the start. 
Kadzik, in fact, maintains a cozy enough relationship with Podesta to have had dinner with the Clinton insider just one day after the former secretary of state testified before the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October. 
And the pair’s familiarity isn’t held to a simple dinner party, as the Daily Caller reported , “Podesta and Kadzik, the assistant attorney general for legislative affairs, were in frequent contact, other emails show. In one email from January, Kadzik and Podesta, who were classmates at Georgetown Law School in the 1970s, discussed plans to celebrate Podesta’s birthday. And in another sent last May, Kadzik’s son emailed Podesta asking for a job on the Clinton campaign.” 
So, Kadzik — an extremely close friend to the chair of Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign — is tasked with heading the newly reopened investigation of Hillary Clinton. 
Clinton couldn’t ask for an arrangement better situated to again find insufficient evidence worthy of bringing charges against her. As far as conflicts of interest go, this takes the cake. 
“The political appointees in the Obama administration, especially in the Department of Justice, appear to be very partisan in nature and I don’t think had clean hands when it comes to the investigation of the private email server,” executive director of the Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust, Matthew Whitaker, told the Daily Caller . 
If political wranglings and connections marred transparency and neutrality the first time around, it would be reasonable to assume the players haven’t since magically unentangled themselves from Clinton and her campaign mere days before Americans take to the polls. 
“It’s the kind of thing the American people are frustrated about is that the politically powerful have insider access and have these kind of relationships that ultimately appear to always break to the benefit of Hillary Clinton,” Whitaker continued, also noting the controversial meeting between Bill Clinton and Attorney General Loretta Lynch on an airport tarmac in Phoenix during the DOJ’s previous investigation. 
In fact, Kadzik, as an Obama appointee to the Justice Department beginning in 2013, also initiated the effort to have Loretta Lynch appointed to the role of Attorney General. 
And the friendship between Kadzik and Podesta — as well as their connections to the Obama administration and additional officials overseeing the Clinton investigation — spans decades. 
In 2008, for example, as the Washington Free Beacon reported from one of the leaked emails, Podesta emailed an Obama campaign official to recommend Kadzik have a supportive role in Obama’s presidential campaign — particularly because the latter was a “fantastic lawyer” who managed to keep Podesta “out of jail.” 
Although Kadzik, as head of the Office of Legislative Affairs, does not have a direct role in ‘chain of command’ for the Clinton investigation, he does field inquiries from Congress concerning her emails. 
Noted by the Daily Caller , in “November, he denied a request from Republican lawmakers to appoint a special counsel to lead the investigation,” which sparked outrage by the GOP over potential conflicts of interest. 
Florida Rep. Ron DeSantis voiced particular concerns about Lynch’s longtime connections to the Clintons in a February 1, 2016 letter , and that Obama’s appointees “are being asked to impartially execute their respective duties as Department of Justice officials that may involve an investigation into the activities of the forerunner for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States.” 
While the Daily Caller ’s report goes much further in depth concerning the relationships of Podesta and Kadzik with the Clintons and their insiders, it can be easily surmised in even a simple perusal of facts there could be no possible way an investigation this critical — and with resounding implications — would maintain any semblance of impartiality. 
When Julian Assange vociferously denounces the U.S. electoral and political systems as rigged beyond repair, these connections are precisely what he’s referring to. 
It might calm an irate public to hear an investigation had to be reopened — but when the effort involves the same players as the first round, the outcome is all-too predictable. Share Social Trending",0
3306,"Sydney’s Swelter Has a Climate Change Link, Scientists Say - The New York Times","Southeastern Australia has suffered through a series of brutal heat waves over the past two months, with temperatures reaching a scorching 113 degrees Fahrenheit in some parts of the state of New South Wales. “It was nothing short of awful,” said Sarah   of the Climate Change Research Center at the University of New South Wales, in Sydney. “In Australia, we’re used to a little bit of heat. But this was at another level. ” So Dr.   who studies climate extremes, did what comes naturally: She looked to see whether there was a link between the heat and   climate change. Her analysis, conducted with a   group of researchers called World Weather Attribution, was made public on Thursday. Their conclusion was that climate change made maximum temperatures like those seen in January and February at least 10 times more likely than a century ago, before significant greenhouse gas emissions from human activity started warming the planet. Looked at another way, that means that the kind of soaring temperatures expected to occur in New South Wales once every 500 years on average now may occur once every 50 years. What is more, the researchers found that if climate change continued unabated, such maximum temperatures may occur on average every five years. For the overall   summer in New South Wales, the researchers say, climate change made the hot average temperatures  —   which set records for the state  —   at least 50 times more likely than in the past. The findings are the latest in what has become a growing field: studies that try to assess the influence of climate change on extreme weather as soon as possible. The idea is to offer scientific analyses of heat waves, floods and other events while people are still talking about them, and to counter the spread of misinformation, intentional or not, about the impact of global warming. Climate scientists have long said that climate change should bring an increase in extreme events like dry spells and heat waves. Because warmth causes more evaporation and warmer air holds more moisture, climate change should also lead to more intense and frequent storms. Studies have shown that these effects are occurring on a broad scale. But the natural variability of weather makes looking at individual events more difficult. World Weather Attribution, which is coordinated by Climate Central, a research organization in Princeton, N. J. is one of a number of groups doing rapid analysis. Among other events, they have looked at flooding in Germany and France last May high temperatures in the Arctic in November and December and an usually strong storm that hit northern Britain in 2015. Not all attribution studies have found a   link. In general, studies of heat waves tend to produce the clearest signal of the influence, or not, of global warming. Australian heat waves have been examined in the past, most recently in several studies that showed a clear link between climate change and a period of torrid weather in 2013. David Karoly, a scientist at the University of Melbourne, was involved in one of the studies, which took more than six months to produce. “That was considered very rapid at the time,” Dr. Karoly said. As a member of World Weather Attribution, Dr. Karoly helped with the study of the recent heat waves, which took about two weeks. A big difference between the two studies is in the use of computer climate models  —   both of the current atmosphere with its greenhouse gas emissions and of a hypothetical atmosphere as if those emissions had never occurred and climate change was not happening. For the older study, as for most attribution studies in the recent past, the models were run over and over again, which took months. The newer, rapid studies use models that have already been run, extracting data as needed.",0
3307,Chris Hedges Endorses Jill Stein,"By Allen L Roland, PhD on November 2, 2016 The politics of fear is ruling this Presidential election and it’s time for our conscience and self-respect to take over and erode fear in the process. There is no better reminder in this process than Chris Hedges whose activist voice to power echoes those of Amy Goodman and others, including myself, who know that this is our moment in 2016 and our conscience and self-respect, not our fears, must be our guide: Allen L Roland, PhD 

“ Just remember,’ a Marine Corps lieutenant colonel told me as he strapped his pistol belt under his arm before we crossed into Kuwait, ‘that none of these boys is fighting for home, for the flag, for all that crap the politicians feed the public. They are fighting for each other, just for each other.” ~ Chris Hedges , War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning 
On a realistic note ~ there is only one party (the War party) ~ there is only one candidate ~ there is only one choice because in the New World Order, there is no choice for it has already been decided by the global establishment ~ all the rest is kabuki theater presented for our entertainment ~ but there are still pockets of truth although their voices have been muted by the corporate media. Chris Hedges is one of those voices as is Amy Goodman and Abby Martin ~ see Abby’s take on Hillary Clinton; Video / 24 minutes ~ 
Abby Martin Exposes What Hillary Clinton Really Represents 
On a much lighter note ~ kindly allow me to digress for a few hilarious moments and offer Lionel Nation’s take on the total absurdity of this latest Clinton Weiner gate email scandal ~ You Tube / 30 minutes ~ 
Returning to the subject at hand ~ the following are excerpts from a public endorsement letter from Chris Hedges to the STEIN/BARAKA HEADQUARTERS ~ 
“ My reporting and writing, which has taken me to many parts of America, has convinced me that the traditional mechanisms of reform, including the two major political parties, have been captured by corporate power . 
We no longer live in a functioning democracy, but a system the political philosopher Sheldon Wolin calls “inverted totalitarianism.” 
We will step outside this system and build alternative movements, including alternative political parties, or see the rise of a Christianized fascism, of which the Trump campaign is the dress rehearsal. 
It is imperative that you join me in contributing to the Stein/Baraka presidential campaign and vote for Jill and Ajamu in the upcoming election. There is no longer any genuine threat from Donald Trump that can be used as an excuse to vote for Hillary Clinton. 
The current policies of austerity and endless war, of wholesale surveillance, of Wall Street fraud and abuse, along with a refusal to enact a massive green energy program to save our environment, will by 2020 ensure the rise of a far-right candidate endowed with a discipline and political skill that eludes Trump. 
If Jill and the Green Party can get 5 percent of the vote we will have $10 million in federal funds in 2020 and broad, nationwide ballot access. This election is about building the momentum for this historical moment. 
The time for resistance, genuine resistance, is now. We must step outside the political mainstream. We must, like Greece and Spain, invest in movements and parties to reverse our corporate coup. 
We must dismantle the neoliberal policies and imperial adventurism that have laid waste to our civil liberties and are destroying the nation and the planet . 
Don’t be ruled by fear this election. Be ruled by your conscience. “ 
Chris Hedges 
Allen L Roland, PhD 
Heart centered spiritual consultant and advisor Allen L Roland can be contacted at Allen is also a lecturer and writer who shares a weekly political and social commentary on his web log and website allenroland.com . He is also featured columnist on Veterans Today and is a featured guest on many radio and Television programs.",0
3308,Mesmerizing drone flyby over Europe’s largest ice rink as it opens door to visitors,"42 mins ago 1 Views 0 Comments 0 Likes In this special US Election Day episode from New York City, Max and Stacy act as a medium to contact the dead media which died a gory death on November 8. They talk meme wars, the medium as the message and the failure of modern journalistic technique. Max interviews award-winning independent journalist and groundbreaking social media and mobile technology as journalism pioneer Tim Pool about the role of the media and meme wars in getting Trump elected. Check Keiser Report website for more: http://www.maxkeiser.com/ WATCH all Keiser Report shows here: http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL768A33676917AE90 (E1-E200) http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLC3F29DDAA1BABFCF (E201-E400) http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPszygYHA9K2ZtV_1KphSugBB7iZqbFyz (E401-600) http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPszygYHA9K1GpAv3ZKpNFoEvKaY2QFH_ (E601-E800) https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPszygYHA9K19wt4CP0tUgzIxpJDiQDyl (E801-Current)   Subscribe   Like    ",0
3310,Anyone from the family who can understand what I speak will be appointed as UP CM: Mulayam Singh,"Tweet (Image via intoday.in) 
In an announcement which has shocked workers and family members of the Samajwadi party, when their senior most leader Mulayam Singh Yadav said, “Anyone from the Yadav family, who can understand clearly each and every word that I speak will be unanimously appointed as the next UP Chief Minister.” 
Mulayam Singh came to this decision after he realized that 90% of the party members nod blankly to his speeches and instructions without understanding a single word that he speaks. 
“It all started when Netaji realized that he always gave the same instructions to Shivpal, Akhilesh and Ram Gopal Yadav but they were understood differently by each of them each time. However all three of them would nod as if they had understood the same thing,” said a senior party member close to Mulayam Singh. “Obviously I myself don’t get half of his sentences, but I have become good at reading his lip movements,” he added. 
This is not the first time Mulayam Singh has been informed of it. As many as three decades ago, school teachers of Akhilesh Yadav had told Mulayam Singh that his son doesn’t listen to his father. While Mulayam mistook it for Akhilesh being a disobedient child, what the teachers actually meant was that Akhilesh hardly understands what his father speaks. 
According to sources, Mulayam Singh is currently conducting a test among family members to determine who comes closest in understanding his speech in order to accordingly finalize party positions. 
“To K!$@#$ Communal $Q#$ Q# %@bey @# #$$!@$ #$@#$@ Secular G#$#$%# @# UP, B bil #$Q$ $#$@#$$ Congrss P#!!$ #$@$ #$@ ByeP d#@# #$@$ erection,” said a family member when asked to repeat what Netaji said. 
More than half of the family members couldn’t come even remotely close. It was only Akhilesh and Shivpal Yadav who could clearly identify some of the key words from the sentence, which were ‘communal’, ‘secular’, ‘election’, ‘UP’ and ‘Congress’. 
Later, confusion turned to consternation when an outsider by name Amar Singh heard this family conversation and clearly recited what Netaji said, which was: “To keep Communal forces away and have a secular Government in UP, we will tie up with Congress party and not with BJP during next elections.” 
While Mulayam lauded Amar for the translation, Akhilesh got seriously pissed by the fact that a family conversation was heard by an outsider surreptitiously and launched into an emotional speech to his supporters. 
(The writer is the author of the book, ‘The Bogus Read’ ) Tweet About D-MAN 
A jack of many trades who now wants to master some. Born wisecracker who makes every effort to get the maximum out of life. He facebooks here and tweets here .",0
3311,"Patience Gone, Koch-Backed Groups Will Pressure G.O.P. on Health Repeal - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Saying their patience is at an end, conservative activist groups backed by the billionaire Koch brothers and other powerful interests on the right are mobilizing to pressure Republicans to fulfill their promise to swiftly repeal the Affordable Care Act. Their message is blunt and unforgiving, with the goal of reawakening some of the most extensive conservative   networks in the country. It is a reminder that even as Republicans control both the White House and Congress for the first time in a decade, the party’s activist wing remains restless and will not go along passively for the sake of party unity. With angry constituents storming town   meetings across the country and demanding that Congress not repeal the law, these new campaigns are a sign of a growing concern on the right that lawmakers might buckle to the pressure. “We’ve been patient this year, but it is past time to act and to act decisively,” said Tim Phillips, the president of Americans for Prosperity, which is coordinating the push with other groups across the Kochs’ political network. “Our network has spent more money, more time and more years fighting Obamacare than anything else. And now with the finish line in sight, we cannot allow some folks to pull up and give up. ” The new mantra could be summed up as repeal, replace or revolt. Beyond the Koch network, other   conservative groups like the Club for Growth and FreedomWorks are also increasing the pressure. All together, the new campaigns will involve advertising, rallies, phone calls to the Capitol switchboard and efforts to confront lawmakers in their offices with documentation of their own words about the need for repeal. The Koch groups are calling their campaign “You Promised,” and are prepared to spend heavily, they said. The initial phase, which will cost in the low six figures, will include a nationwide digital advertising campaign featuring testimonials from people who say they were harmed by the Affordable Care Act. On Tuesday, the groups will kick off the effort with a rally near the Capitol, from which they will dispatch activists to congressional offices. Beyond that, Americans for Prosperity said it was prepared to bring “significant resources” to bear as needed. FreedomWorks, which is planning a rally in Washington on March 15 to inaugurate its “month of action” on the Affordable Care Act, is sending its activists to Capitol Hill armed with sheafs of paper with quotes from Republicans who have called for repeal. The plan is to track down those Republicans and make them face their own words. “I think that the only way we get members of Congress to stay the course on this is with constituent pressure,” said Noah Wall, the national director of campaigns for FreedomWorks. If that does not work at first, he added, “I’m going to fill their offices with really angry constituents, and they’re going to listen. “And if they don’t,” he continued, “I’m going to go back into their district and fill their district offices with angry constituents. And we’ll do this again and again. ” The sudden caution of the Republican Party leadership, as it grapples with the enormously complicated challenge of replacing the Affordable Care Act, has baffled conservatives who have been fighting the health law for years. In the House, Republicans have voted dozens of times to dismantle the law, and it has been a primary issue in congressional races since 2010. Repealing the law, many conservative lawmakers believe, is the one clear mandate they have from voters. “The reality is, this is existential for Republicans,” said David McIntosh, the president of the Club for Growth, which has been sending emails regularly to its 100, 000 members warning that Republicans could be stalling the repeal indefinitely. The group plans to directly target party leaders like Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, and Paul D. Ryan, the House speaker, in a new phase of the campaign. “If they don’t repeal Obamacare and replace it,” Mr. McIntosh added, “I don’t think they’ll stay in the majority in the next election. ” Implicit in the repeal push is a threat that conservative groups have always wielded over the party when they feel it is not being true to its convictions: primary challenges. And this early rift between the party’s activist wing and its leadership in Washington could be a taste of what Republicans can expect now that they control the government entirely and are no longer able to blame Democrats for blocking their agenda. After making bold promises over the past few years on issues like overhauling expensive government programs, rewriting the tax code and defunding Planned Parenthood, Republicans face voter demands to follow through. Republicans remain unable to agree on a health care plan that satisfies both moderates and  . As President Trump himself acknowledged last week when he tried to explain the delay  —   “Nobody knew that health care could be so complicated,” he said  —   it is no easy task to pass a measure that could leave millions uninsured. And polls now show American’s attitudes toward the law are improving as they worry about what could happen if it is suddenly jettisoned. Democrats, who have been cramming town   meetings to implore Republican lawmakers not to take apart the health law, seem content to let their opponents fight it out in the hope that the divisions will lead to an impasse. “Their rhetoric that has enabled them to stir up the far right is in collision with the truth,” said Thomas E. Perez, the chairman of the Democratic National Committee. The repeal effort by the conservative groups is intended to sway members of Congress who may be hesitating because of public pressure back home. That pressure, conservatives said, is no reason to renege. “This issue has been litigated in four federal elections, and the result has been historic Republican majorities in Congress,” Mr. Phillips of Americans for Prosperity said. “That’s why there is no sympathy when some Republicans talk about contentious town halls or a few hundred calls into their office. ” Americans for Prosperity, which has spent tens of millions of dollars in advertising opposing the Affordable Care Act, is bringing back some of the subjects of its initial ads  —   ordinary people who spoke about the problems with “  medicine”  —   for its new push. And it is arming activists with supporting evidence  —   it found, for instance, that 98 percent of Republicans in the Senate, or 51 of the 52, had voted at one point to repeal the law. “Congressional Republicans have promised an Obamacare repeal in unequivocal terms,” Mr. Phillips said. “It’s time for them to keep their promise. ”",0
3312,Hillary Clinton FREAKED OUT Her Entire Campaign With This ONE MOVE,"Pinterest 
It was over a year ago that the Clinton Campaign knew that Hillary Clinton had regularly used a private email server for official use, and they knew how incredibly stupid it was. 
In an email released by WikiLeaks , the now infamous Clinton staffer John Podesta sent a message to Clinton surrogate Neera Tanden. Podesta told her she’d be shown a new poll showing how Clinton is doing against Hillary and Jeb Bush. 
Tanden said she wasn’t familiar with what the poll results would be, but she thought the email would be rough, IJR is reporting . 
“PS can you imagine what the Republicans would do to [Bernie] if he were the nominee?” 
To which Tanden replied: 
“Well, let’s see what the poll actually says. 
Let’s hope the Democratic party is not suicidal.” 
Then Podesta dropped the hammer: 
“Do we actually know who told Hillary she could use a private email? And has that person been drawn and quartered? 
Like whole thing is fucking insane.” ""Do we actually know who told Hillary she could use a private email? And has that person been drawn and quartered?"" https://t.co/jXc1mHi5vn 
— Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) October 27, 2016 
There have been 33,000 emails released from Podesta’s server. They haven’t confirmed their accuracy, but they certainly haven’t denied them. It's been 3 weeks since @WikiLeaks began publishing Podesta emails. Not one doc has been claimed – let alone demonstrated – to be doctored. 
— Glenn Greenwald (@ggreenwald) October 27, 2016 
There’s more coming. We will have to see what comes of them, but there’s one takeaway from this: Clinton’s people have known for a long time that she was using a personal server.",0
3313,Here’s How To Predict What the Dems’ Next Move Will Be [Meme],"Pinterest 
C.E. Dyer reports that the disaster that is Obamacare is about to get worse for many people enrolled in the health insurance marketplace. On Monday, the Obama administration confirmed that premiums will skyrocket for many people next year, according to the Associated Press . 
The AP reported: 
Before taxpayer-provided subsidies, premiums for a midlevel benchmark plan will increase an average of 25 percent across the 39 states served by the federally run online market, according to a report from the Department of Health and Human Services. Some states will see much bigger jumps, others less. 
Moreover, about 1 in 5 consumers will only have plans from a single insurer to pick from, after major national carriers such as UnitedHealth Group, Humana and Aetna scaled back their roles. 
In some states, the premium increases are striking. In Arizona, unsubsidized premiums for a hypothetical 27-year-old buying a benchmark “second-lowest cost silver plan” will jump by 116 percent, from $196 to $422, according to the administration report. 
But HHS said if that hypothetical consumer has a fairly modest income, making $25,000 a year, the subsidies would cover $280 of the new premium, and the consumer would pay $142. Caveat: if the consumer is making $30,000 or $40,000 his or her subsidy would be significantly lower. 
Larry Levitt, who follows the health care law for the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation, said of the increases: “Consumers will be faced this year with not only big premium increases but also with a declining number of insurers participating, and that will lead to a tumultuous open enrollment period.” 
Donald Trump’s campaign spokesman, Jason Miller, said in a statement on Monday: “This shows why the entire program must be repealed and replaced.” Miller added, “While (Hillary) Clinton wants to expand the failed program known as Obamacare, Mr. Trump knows the only way to fix our nation’s failing health care system is complete and total reform.” 
Reports have warned that this was coming down the pike for some time; however, HHS’s confirmation ahead of open enrollment beginning Nov. 1 — one week before the election — is likely to cause major headaches for many people. 
This debacle is not unexpected either — it’s exactly what President Obama and Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton wanted to happen. 
Obamacare was never the end goal. Rather, it was a stepping stone toward single-payer, government-run healthcare. That is a big reason why Obama wants Clinton to become president — his legacy is at stake. 
Obama’s legacy is largely wrapped up in Obamacare and what it leads to. Clinton tried to push this first step during her time as first lady and failed, but the conditions will be ripe for her to go even further should she be elected. 
If Clinton becomes president, there’s no doubt that her next step will be to move to single-payer healthcare. Obamacare is bad, there’s no doubt about it, but single-payer government healthcare would be even worse.",0
3314,24-minute game-changing video: Electronic ‘voting’ machines without physical evidence = OBVIOUS ongoing election fraud; central method to pick a 51% to 49% ‘winner’ with fractionalized ‘counting’ documented,"Black Box Voting ’s Bev Harris explains the following 24 minute video : 
A real-time demo of the most devastating election theft mechanism yet found, with context and explanation. Demonstration uses a real voting system and real vote databases and takes place in seconds across multiple jurisdictions. 
Over 5000 subcontractors and middlemen have the access to perform this for any or all clients. It can give contract signing authority to whoever the user chooses. All political power can be converted to the hands of a few anonymous subcontractors. 
“It’s a product. It’s scaleable. It learns its environment and can adjust to any political environment, any demographic. It runs silently, invisibly, and can produce plausible results that really pass for the real thing.” 
Provides solutions and actions for immediate deterrence. 
The Onion’s 2-minute satire of this ongoing condition : 
My best frame of this obvious condition: 
When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. 
Election fraud is one of ~100 Emperor’s New Clothes game-changing and professionally documented facts that reveal ongoing .01% empire with associated crimes. The Crimes The US is a literal rogue state empire led by neocolonial looting liars. The history is uncontested and taught to anyone taking comprehensive courses. If anyone has any refutations of this professional academic factual claim for any of this easy-to-read and documented content , please provide it. US ongoing lie-started and Orwellian-illegal Wars of Aggression require all US military and government to refuse all war orders because there are no lawful orders for obviously unlawful wars. Officers are required to arrest those who issue obviously unlawful orders. And again, those of us working for this area of justice are aware of zero attempts to refute this with, “War law states (a, b, c), so the wars are legal because (d, e, f).” All we receive is easy-to-reveal bullshit . And, obviously, corporate media are criminally complicit through constant lies of omission and commission to “cover” all these crimes. Historic tragic-comic empire is only possible through such straight-face lying, making our Emperor’s New Clothes analogy perfectly chosen. The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . Demanding arrests as the required and obvious public response rather than ‘voting’ for more disaster: 
The categories of crime include: Wars of Aggression (the worst crime a nation can commit). Likely treason for lying to US military, ordering unlawful attack and invasions of foreign lands, and causing thousands of US military deaths. Crimes Against Humanity for ongoing intentional policy of poverty that’s killed over 400 million human beings just since 1995 (~75% children; more deaths than from all wars in Earth’s recorded history). 
US military, law enforcement, and all with Oaths to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, face an endgame choice: Demand arrests , with those with lawful authority to enact it. An arrest is the lawful action to stop apparent crimes , with the most serious crimes documented here meaning the most serious need for arrests. Watch the US escalate its rogue state crimes that annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions. 
In just 90 seconds , former US Marine Ken O’Keefe powerfully states how you may choose to voice “very obvious solutions”: arrest the criminal leaders (video starts at 20:51, then finishes this episode of Cross Talk ): Solutions worth literal tens of trillions to ‘We the People’: 
Again: The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . We can quantify the end of the lie-started and illegal Wars of Aggression quickly into the trillions, and that said, it’s worth a lot more than what we quantify. Truth : a world in which education is expressed in its full potential to only and always begin with good-faith effort for objective, comprehensive, and verifiable data. Would an ‘interview’ with George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and John Adams help? 
If so, here are two: 
‘Election’ 2016 interview with Washington, Jefferson, Adams: America’s right and necessity to arrest .01% tyrants engaged in lie-started illegal Wars of Aggression, bankster-looting, and constant lying 
** 
Note: I make all factual assertions as a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History, with all economics factual claims receiving zero refutation since I began writing in 2008 among Advanced Placement Macroeconomics teachers on our discussion board , public audiences of these articles , and international conferences (and here ). I invite readers to empower their civic voices with the strongest comprehensive facts most important to building a brighter future. I challenge professionals, academics, and citizens to add their voices for the benefit of all Earth’s inhabitants. 
** 
Carl Herman is a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History; also credentialed in Mathematics. He worked with both US political parties over 18 years and two UN Summits with the citizen’s lobby, RESULTS , for US domestic and foreign policy to end poverty. He can be reached at 
Note: Examiner.com has blocked public access to my articles on their site (and from other whistleblowers), so some links in my previous work are blocked. If you’d like to search for those articles other sites may have republished, use words from the article title within the blocked link. Or, go to http://archive.org/web/ , p aste the expired link into the box, click “Browse history,” then click onto the screenshots of that page for each time it was screen-shot and uploaded to webarchive. I’ll update as “hobby time” allows; including my earliest work from 2009 to 2011 (blocked author pages: here , here ). This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink .",0
3315,Who Paid Hillary Clinton $21.7 Million to Give Speeches?,"Who Paid Hillary Clinton $21.7 Million to Give Speeches? American Renaissance, October 31, 2016 
There are legal limits on the amount of money a corporation can contribute to a political campaign, and the contributions are not tax-deductible. However, if a corporation pays someone to give a speech, there is no legal limit on what the company may pay, and the speaker’s fee is tax-deductible as a business expense. It is a very effective way to put money into the pockets of politician–no doubt with the expectation of future benefits. 
In the last three years, companies have paid Hillary Clinton $21.7 million to give speeches. Here is a list of her 92 speaking engagements, the companies that hired her, and how much she was paid.",0
3316,Saudi Arabia Warns of Economic Fallout if Congress Passes 9/11 Bill - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Saudi Arabia has told the Obama administration and members of Congress that it will sell off hundreds of billions of dollars’ worth of American assets held by the kingdom if Congress passes a bill that would allow the Saudi government to be held responsible in American courts for any role in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. The Obama administration has lobbied Congress to block the bill’s passage, according to administration officials and congressional aides from both parties, and the Saudi threats have been the subject of intense discussions in recent weeks between lawmakers and officials from the State Department and the Pentagon. The officials have warned senators of diplomatic and economic fallout from the legislation. Adel   the Saudi foreign minister, delivered the kingdom’s message personally last month during a trip to Washington, telling lawmakers that Saudi Arabia would be forced to sell up to $750 billion in treasury securities and other assets in the United States before they could be in danger of being frozen by American courts. Several outside economists are skeptical that the Saudis will follow through, saying that such a   would be difficult to execute and would end up crippling the kingdom’s economy. But the threat is another sign of the escalating tensions between Saudi Arabia and the United States. The administration, which argues that the legislation would put Americans at legal risk overseas, has been lobbying so intently against the bill that some lawmakers and families of Sept. 11 victims are infuriated. In their view, the Obama administration has consistently sided with the kingdom and has thwarted their efforts to learn what they believe to be the truth about the role some Saudi officials played in the terrorist plot. “It’s stunning to think that our government would back the Saudis over its own citizens,” said Mindy Kleinberg, whose husband died in the World Trade Center on Sept. 11 and who is part of a group of victims’ family members pushing for the legislation. President Obama will arrive in Riyadh on Wednesday for meetings with King Salman and other Saudi officials. It is unclear whether the dispute over the Sept. 11 legislation will be on the agenda for the talks. A spokesman for the Saudi Embassy did not respond to a message seeking comment. Saudi officials have long denied that the kingdom had any role in the Sept. 11 plot, and the   Commission found “no evidence that the Saudi government as an institution or senior Saudi officials individually funded the organization. ” But critics have noted that the commission’s narrow wording left open the possibility that less senior officials or parts of the Saudi government could have played a role. Suspicions have lingered, partly because of the conclusions of a 2002 congressional inquiry into the attacks that cited some evidence that Saudi officials living in the United States at the time had a hand in the plot. Those conclusions, contained in 28 pages of the report, still have not been released publicly. The dispute comes as bipartisan criticism is growing in Congress about Washington’s alliance with Saudi Arabia, for decades a crucial American ally in the Middle East and half of a partnership that once received little scrutiny from lawmakers. Last week, two senators introduced a resolution that would put restrictions on American arms sales to Saudi Arabia, which have expanded during the Obama administration. Families of the Sept. 11 victims have used the courts to try to hold members of the Saudi royal family, Saudi banks and charities liable because of what the plaintiffs charged was Saudi financial support for terrorism. These efforts have largely been stymied, in part because of a 1976 law that gives foreign nations some immunity from lawsuits in American courts. The Senate bill is intended to make clear that the immunity given to foreign nations under the law should not apply in cases where nations are found culpable for terrorist attacks that kill Americans on United States soil. If the bill were to pass both houses of Congress and be signed by the president, it could clear a path for the role of the Saudi government to be examined in the Sept. 11 lawsuits. Obama administration officials counter that weakening the sovereign immunity provisions would put the American government, along with its citizens and corporations, in legal risk abroad because other nations might retaliate with their own legislation. Secretary of State John Kerry told a Senate panel in February that the bill, in its current form, would “expose the United States of America to lawsuits and take away our sovereign immunity and create a terrible precedent. ” The bill’s sponsors have said that the legislation is purposely drawn very narrowly  —   involving only attacks on American soil  —   to reduce the prospect that other nations might try to fight back. In a   briefing on Capitol Hill on March 4, Anne W. Patterson, an assistant secretary of state, and Andrew Exum, a top Pentagon official on Middle East policy, told staff members of the Senate Armed Services Committee that American troops and civilians could be in legal jeopardy if other nations decide to retaliate and strip Americans of immunity abroad. They also discussed the Saudi threats specifically, laying out the impacts if Saudi Arabia made good on its economic threats. John Kirby, a State Department spokesman, said in a statement that the administration stands by the victims of terrorism, “especially those who suffered and sacrificed so much on  . ” Edwin M. Truman, a fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said he thought the Saudis were most likely making an “empty threat. ” Selling hundreds of billions of dollars in American assets would not only be technically difficult to pull off, he said, but would also very likely cause global market turmoil for which the Saudis would be blamed. Moreover, he said, it could destabilize the American dollar  —   the currency to which the Saudi riyal is pegged. “The only way they could punish us is by punishing themselves,” Mr. Truman said. The bill is an anomaly in a Congress fractured by bitter partisanship, especially during an election year. It is sponsored by Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas, and Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York. It has the support of an unlikely coalition of liberal and conservative senators, including Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota, and Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas. It passed through the Judiciary Committee in January without dissent. “As our nation confronts new and expanding terror networks that are targeting our citizens, stopping the funding source for terrorists becomes even more important,” Mr. Cornyn said last month. The alliance with Saudi Arabia has frayed in recent years as the White House has tried to thaw ties with Iran  —   Saudi Arabia’s bitter enemy —   in the midst of recriminations between American and Saudi officials about the role that both countries should play in the stability of the Middle East. But the administration has supported Saudi Arabia on other fronts, including providing the country with targeting intelligence and logistical support for its war in Yemen. The Saudi military is flying jets and dropping bombs it bought from the United States  —   part of the billions of dollars in arms deals that have been negotiated with Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf nations during the Obama administration. The war has been a humanitarian disaster and fueled a resurgence of Al Qaeda in Yemen, leading to the resolution in Congress to put new restrictions on arms deals to the kingdom. Senator Christopher S. Murphy, Democrat of Connecticut, one of the resolution’s sponsors and a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said that Congress has been “feckless” in conducting oversight of arms sales, especially those destined for Saudi Arabia. “My first desire is for our relationship with Saudi Arabia to come with a greater degree of conditionality than it currently does,” he said.",0
3317,Report: Hamas Leader Heads to Egypt for Rare Talks,"GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip (AP)  —   Hamas’s newly chosen leader in the Gaza Strip on Sunday traveled to Cairo for talks with Egyptian security officials, in the first   meeting between the sides in months, a Hamas official said. [The delegation left through the Rafah border crossing, which was opened Sunday for the group to cross. The border is mostly closed for the 2 million residents of Gaza, part of an Israeli and Egyptian blockade. Israel and Egypt have enforced the blockade, citing security reasons, since the Hamas terror group seized control of Gaza a decade ago.  Salah Bardaweel, a Hamas spokesman, said the delegation will discuss the humanitarian situation in Gaza under the blockade, Egypt’s role in improving conditions and the need to open Rafah crossing for Palestinian travelers. Bardaweel said the   delegation was led by Yahya Sinwar, Hamas’s newly chosen leader in Gaza, the group’s stronghold. Sinwar, a member of the terror group’s military wing, is second in rank only to the new supreme leader, Ismail Haniyeh, who also is based in Gaza. Hamas and Egypt have had cool relations since Egypt’s Islamist president, Mohammed Morsi, was overthrown by the military in 2013. Morsi came from Hamas’ parent group, the Muslim Brotherhood. Hamas has been trying to convince Egypt that it is a reliable security partner. It has deployed more troops along the border with Egypt’s northern Sinai region, where the Egyptian military is battling Islamic extremists. But over the past month, at least four Gaza residents were killed while fighting alongside the Islamic State terror group’s Sinai affiliate, complicating Hamas’ reconciliation attempts. Hamas made a gesture toward Egypt last month with a new policy document that dropped its longtime association with the Muslim Brotherhood and identified itself as a Palestinian movement fighting only against what it calls Israeli occupation.",0
3318,Phil Mickelson Comes Close to a Record by Shooting 63 at the British Open - The New York Times,"TROON, Scotland  —   It was in. It was in off the putter, it was in 10 feet from the hole, it was in 5 feet from the hole, it was in as it approached the lip. It was in. Phil Mickelson had never been more sure of anything. He had prowled this putt, stalked this putt, talked to his caddie about this putt and, just before he settled over it, imagined this putt that would track perfectly toward the cup and give him a place in golf history as the first player to shoot a 62 during a major tournament. It was in. Mickelson watched his   on the 18th hole at Royal Troon on Thursday roll toward the hole. He felt the adrenaline surge through his body. He felt joy and pride and bliss. He felt the glow of sporting immortality wash over him. It was in. Except then it wasn’t. “I want to cry,” Mickelson said afterward. Technically, what happened is called a  . Mickelson’s putt skimmed off the edge of the cup and spun around it like a car going into a Scottish roundabout. That label, though, undersells what took place here in the cool breeze of early evening. Mickelson’s putt was not going too fast, as many   are, powering around the circumference of the hole. His read was not off track. Mickelson’s line was straight, his speed was true. Yet somehow, some way, the ball stayed up. “I don’t know how that putt didn’t go in,” said Ernie Els, who was playing in Mickelson’s group. No one did. But instead of becoming the first player to shoot a 62 in a major, Mickelson  —   after cradling his head in his hands and staring in disbelief for what felt like hours  —   tapped in from the lip and settled for recording the 28th score of 63 in a major tournament, good enough for a   lead after the opening round of the British Open. Patrick Reed and Martin Kaymer are tied for second after they each posted a    66. Eight players, including one younger American (Justin Thomas, 23) and one older American (Steve Stricker, 49) are at 67. Ten players, including one British favorite (England’s Justin Rose) and one Spanish star who has never won a major (Sergio García, 0 for 71) are at 68. Rory McIlroy, the   major champion from Northern Ireland, is among a group that shot 69. Many of the players took advantage of a    —   some   locals might even call it unreasonably lovely  —   day on the west coast of Scotland, particularly on Troon’s more forgiving front nine. Colin Montgomerie, the Scot who is an honorary member of Troon and hit the first shot of the tournament at 6:35 a. m. on Thursday, said the conditions were bizarrely placid and rated them as no harder than a 3 out of 10. Friday is expected to bring more traditional British Open weather: soaking rain and blistering wind. But for one day, this Open felt more like California than Carnoustie. Players worked the ball left and right, and were aggressive around the greens. The deep pot bunkers remained the biggest obstacles  —   and they claimed their share of victims, including Montgomerie, who needed two shots to extricate himself from one on the first hole  —   yet there was little carnage. Thomas and Reed were emblematic of those who had success early in the day, opening strong  —   both shot 31 on the front nine, and Thomas had birdies on his first four holes  —   before navigating the back nine cautiously to record a good score. Neither has much experience near the top of the leaderboard in a major tournament, but Thomas can certainly ask his housemates about dealing with the pressure. He is sharing a place this week with Jordan Spieth, Zach Johnson (two major titles apiece) and Jason Dufner (one) as well as Rickie Fowler (top five in all four majors in 2014) and Jimmy Walker. The group prepared for the opening round by engaging in a spirited game of backyard baseball on Wednesday  —   Dufner was said to be the most powerful batter  —   and it clearly left them in a good frame of mind: Johnson shot 67, Fowler shot 69, Dufner and Spieth both had 71 and Walker shot 72. “A little frat house we have this week,” Thomas said. “It was fun. ” Thomas and Reed were long off the course by the time Mickelson made his way toward the clubhouse near 6 p. m. Mickelson, 46, has won more than 50 tournaments, including five majors, but none since the Open at Muirfield in 2013. Known for his sweeping   swing and wizardry around the greens, he has been plagued by inconsistency at this stage of his professional life. Putting together four successful rounds has become a significant hurdle. At a minimum, he now has one. Mickelson shredded Troon on Thursday, recording eight birdies against zero bogeys in a round that was nearly flawless. While most players are discomfited by the wind on Troon’s inward nine holes, Mickelson, as a   said he actually prefers that wind, which comes in from the left off the Firth of Clyde. It showed. He shot 31 on the back, two shots better than anyone else in the top 20, and birdied the second, fourth, sixth, eighth, 10th, 14th, 16th and 17th holes. Mickelson said he began thinking seriously about a possible 62 only after No. 17, a treacherous   where he whipped a   onto the green and rolled in his putt. On the 18th tee, Mickelson took his   instead of his driver, wanting to lay back from some dangerous bunkers. His shot nicked the edge of a bunker anyway but stayed out, and his   approach from about 175 yards spun to a stop a little more than five strides from the hole. Mickelson had missed momentous putts before (a   on a putt for 59 at a PGA Tour event in 2013) and made momentous putts before (the   that rolled around and in to give him the Masters title in 2004) but this was different. Others have shot 59. Others have won the Masters.   in a major was untouched. Mickelson did not shy away from it. Els bantered to him about it on the way up the fairway. Mickelson talked about it with his caddie, Jim Mackay, as they approached the green. Their read was that the ball should be aimed just outside the right edge of the cup, and Mickelson visualized the putt in his mind before delivering it just where he wanted it to go. It was in. “It was outside a few inches, breaking left in the middle of the putt and then straight the last bit,” he said, a sad smile coming over his face. He paused and shook his head. “Well, it’s supposed to be straight the last bit,” he said.",0
3319,BP Earthwatch: AURORAS PENETRATING DEEP INTO EARTH’S ATMOSPHERE [VIDEO], ,0
3320,Crushing Hillary: Trump’s Landslide by the Numbers,"Comments 
(New York Times Results by County) 
The media won’t tell you this but Donald Trump CRUSHED Hillary Clinton in the recent election in three key areas: 
For one, the above results by county show that he picked up a significant amount of the counties in the US. The picture is clear that most counties in America voted for Trump . 
Secondly, the media is also hiding from you that Trump CRUSHED Hillary in the Electoral College (EC). As of today, most if not all media outlets show that Trump won the election with only 279 EC votes. But the truth is Trump also won Michigan with 16 EC votes and Arizona with 11 EC votes for a total of 306 EC votes. Hillary only won 228 EC votes but it looks like she barely won New Hampshire which should put her at 232 EC votes. As a result, Trump won 57% of all EC votes. 
HIllary turned in the Democratic Party’s worst Electoral College performance in 28 years. With only New Hampshire left to be called, Clinton has turned in the Democratic Party’s worst Electoral College performance in 28 years pic.twitter.com/APU85Ty50q 
— Dan O’Donnell (@DanODradio) November 9, 2016 
Thirdly, in total states it was a landslide. Trump won 31 states to 19 states won by Hillary or 62% of the states. 
The mainstream will argue that Hillary beat Trump in the popular vote which appears accurate. According to the NYT she won 59,923,027 to Trump’s 59,692,974 for a difference of only 230,053 or 0.4%. But in California and New York Hillary beat Trump by a combined 4 million votes. If not for these two huge liberal states, Hillary would have gotten shellacked in the popular voting as well. 
The mainstream media will not tell you but Trump won BIGLY! ",0
3321,So someone stuck a “don’t waste electricity” on the photocopier and the reply nailed that the maths was massively wrong,"Next Prev Swipe left/right So someone stuck a “don’t waste electricity” on the photocopier and the reply nailed that the maths was massively wrong 
@Notinaboyband over on Twitter says, “A while ago energy saving posters went up in the office. Now someone has responded, and I like it very much.” 
“A photocopier left on standby overnight wastes enough energy to make 30 cups of tea” 
“So leaving the photocopier on, once in sleep mode would not use enough energy to hear half a cuppa…” 
This is why you should never patronise engineers.",0
3322,President of South Korea Is a Puppet of Her Rasputin-like Shaman Fortuneteller, ,0
3323,DELINGPOLE: Scott Pruitt Is Failing to Drain the Swamp at the EPA - Breitbart,"President Trump’s attempts to drain the swamp are being undermined by one of his key administrators. [Scott Pruitt, head of the Environmental Protection Agency, is more interested in building his political career than he is taking on the Green Blob, insiders report.  Pruitt is also said to be behind attempts to remove at least one of the key phrases from the president’s   Executive Order on the environment. It concerns a proposal to repeal the EPA’s Endangerment Finding on CO2 (the disastrous, unscientific,   ruling introduced during the Obama Administration, which rebranded the harmless trace gas Carbon Dioxide as a dangerous substance). If Pruitt is successful and this clause is removed from the Executive Order it will represent a major setback for President Trump’s war with the Climate Industrial Complex. It may also put into jeopardy the promises Trump made on the campaign trail to scrap “any regulation that is outdated, unnecessary, bad for workers, or contrary to the national interest. ” “This is the president’s one shot at winning this battle,” an ally in the EPA camp warns. “It’s like the French heavy cavalry at Agincourt: lose momentum and he’s going to get stuck in the mud being shot to pieces by the English longbows. ” To understand the background to this story, you need to know who Scott Pruitt is and how he landed such a key job. The dismantling of the EPA, after all, is a core part of Trump’s   program  —   so clearly it mattered greatly that the Administrator’s position should go to a capable, determined figure. Pruitt, a Republican lawyer, the Attorney General of Oklahoma seemed ideally qualified. One of his biographies describes him as a “leading advocate against the EPA’s activist agenda. ” It was because of his combative track record  —   challenging his state’s rights against the federal bureaucracy of the EPA  —   that he landed the post of EPA Administrator. Since taking on the position, though, his appetite for doing what he was appointed to do appears to have diminished somewhat. True, his credentials as a climate sceptic are not much in doubt. Yes, he might even agree with President Trump that there’s a swamp out there that sorely needs draining. The problem is, insiders explain, is that the future of the EPA is of far less interest to Pruitt than his prospects of becoming either one of Oklahoma’s next senators or its next governor. “Pruitt wants to keep himself in the middle of the road so he can get himself elected,” one of my sources explains. “He’s not interested in managing the agency he’s interested in running for the senate and though of course he’s committed to the conservative cause, he’s more committed to himself. ” Of a piece with this was his recent spat with Mick Mulvaney, director of the White House’s Office of Management and Budget, over the EPA’s budget allowance. Pruitt  —   supposed to be a hawk  —   protested that he couldn’t accept the proposed 24 percent cut in the EPA’s $8. 2 billion budget. A furious Mulvaney responded by increasing the cut to 31 percent. Incurring Mulvaney’s wrath, my sources tell me, was all part of the plan. “It made Pruitt look like the guy who sticks up for his people. A good look for someone running for senator of Oklahoma. ” Meanwhile, most of the actual running of the EPA has been deputed to Pruitt’s Chief of Staff Ryan Jackson. Like Pruitt, like many in the upper circles of the EPA, Jackson is a member of the Oklahoma political set. He cut his teeth as an aide to Oklahoma Senator James Inhofe who, as Chair of the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, has long been a scourge of the Climate Industrial Complex. Jackson often tried to warn off Sen. Inhofe from becoming too outspoken on climate change  —   not out of reasons of principle but purely as a matter of realpolitik. Sen. Inhofe, however, never gave much of a damn about caution: now 82, he has no reason to make friends and influence people by making out   on green issues. Pruitt, on the other hand, has been much more alive to Jackson’s cautions. He got his fingers quite badly burnt after he recently said on  CNBC that he did not consider carbon dioxide to be a major cause of global warming. At the time, I applauded Pruitt for saying what needed to be said. It was certainly an improvement on his disappointing performance at CPAC a few weeks before when he’d bounded around Tiggerishly repeating his favourite meaningless catchphrase “the future ain’t what it used to be” but proved himself quite incapable of answering a straightforward question about whether he believed in   climate change. But I gather from my sources that there was blowback from the White House (why, it is not clear). This has made Pruitt more determined than ever not to stick his head above the parapet by doing anything that would make him even more unpopular than he is already with the Green Blob and its many fellow travellers in the squish branch of the GOP. Pruitt’s   could scarcely come at a worse moment for Donald Trump. With his attempt to repeal Obamacare in temporary disarray, he badly needs a clear victory on one of his other battlefronts  —   not company commanders abandoning their positions at the very moment his flanks are most in danger. Already, the president has enough trouble on the environment front from other members of his inner circle. Both his daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared Kushner are true believers in the green faith and, like his Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, have argued for the tone of the President’s Executive Order on the environment to be softened. If the clause on the Endangerment Finding is removed from the Executive Order, attempts will be made by Pruitt and others to pretend that this isn’t a problem. What matters is all the stuff President Trump is definitely going to do, like cancel Obama’s Clean Power Plan and putting the Paris climate agreement to the Senate so they can overturn it. But this is disingenuous and misleading. The Endangerment Finding isn’t some negligible, easily circumnavigable piece of legislation. It was deliberately introduced by environmentalist zealots at the height of the Obama administration as the poison pill which would cripple U. S. industry by rebranding “greenhouse gases,” including CO2, as a pollutant. This gives environmental lawyers carte blanche to sue any U. S. administration that fails properly to combat this alleged menace. Yet as Cato’s Pat Michaels explained in his lunchtime presentation at the Heartland Institute Climate Conference last week, the Endangerment Finding is based on an entirely flawed premise. It presupposes that the various computer models used to predict dangerous climate change as a result of rising   CO2 levels are reliable and accurate. They are not. With time, the divergence between projected warming and observed warming has grown bigger, not smaller. This means, effectively, that the EPA’s Endangerment Finding declaration has no credible scientific basis whatsoever. In other words, the environmental movement has strayed so far beyond the realms of science that it has created several    targets for any administration brave enough to take it on. This is an argument that can be won many times over: on the science on the economics even on the environment itself  —   which is being caused untold damage by misguided policies supposedly designed to save it. But what President Trump needs now more than ever are administrators with the political will to do the right thing  —   which is, after all, the reason so many Americans voted for him. If Scott Pruitt is not up to that task, then maybe it’s about time he did the decent thing and handed over the reins to someone who is.",0
3324,The Meaning of Trump,"Fri, 21 Oct 2016 21:32 UTC Clinton can't draw crowds this large The question regarding the meaning of Trump is unlike questions concerning the person of Trump or what the Republican candidates stands for. The meaning of Trump is that, pretty much, half of the American people say enough is enough. Half of the American people are expressing a total fatigue of the system and their ruling elite. In the last few weeks we learned that Trump left behind a score of offended women. He was disrespectful and grossly misbehaved, allegedly. This may tell us something about who Trump is; yet the fact that all those embarrassing revelations had zero impact on Trump's popularity suggests that we are dealing with a force of nature. No one else in modern politics would have survived a fraction of such bad publicity. Trump may be a horrid and disrespectful human being, and yet, he appears to be invincible. Trump is not as eloquent or as lucid as Hillary Clinton or President Obama but he manages to express in a just a few words the deepest and most profound philosophical ideas and criticisms of Western life. It was Trump who reminded us, once again, that true utopia is in fact nostalgia. Trump's campaign slogan 'Make America Great Again' is probably the most profound existential rejection of the progressive delusional mantra. It is an essentialist admission that the prospect of a better future is actually rooted in the past, in the soil, in manufacturing and agriculture -- pretty much the few things from which Wall Street's mammonites were happy to divest . Trump hinted in the last debate that he may challenge the result of the US presidential election if he loses. ""I'll keep you in suspense,"" is how he phrased it. Once again, Trump is not a philosophy graduate, yet, he manages to unleash an existential viper into the room. Secretary Clinton and President Obama were appalled by the man who doesn't adhere to the great American democratic tradition. They were probably correct. Trump, puts into question the entire American or, more accurately, Western paradigm. Democracy is not sacred to him - it is a means rather than the end. Like the vast number of his followers, Trump believes that America and its democracy are currently rotten. American democracy is set up to serve its own oligarchy. It conveys the image that the dystopia in which we live is a product of our 'free (democratic) choice'. While Clinton and Obama communicate persuasively within the symbolic order, Trump manages to revolutionize the discourse constantly. This is a quality that is usually associated with the artist and the Athenian spirit not with real estate moguls. But does Trump really mean what he says? Is he genuine or is he playing a game. No one knows. But far more interesting, no one really cares and it doesn't really matter. And this is probably the real meaning of Trump. Donald Trump is merely a vehicle. It doesn't really matter whether Trump will be the next president or not. The call for a radical social change has been established. It is now becoming aware of itself.",0
3325,Donald Trump’s Campaign Hires Ex-Christie Aide to Bolster Political Operation - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump’s campaign has hired Bill Stepien, a former top aide to Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, whose role in the Bridgegate scandal led to his firing and denied him the central role he was expected to play in the governor’s presidential run. Mr. Stepien is expected to step in to help guide the campaign’s political operations, according to two people close to Mr. Stepien and three people close to the Trump campaign who were granted anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly on the matter. Mr. Stepien was hired on Thursday, and one person who confirmed the hire said his title was expected to be national field director. A campaign spokesman did not respond to an email seeking comment. But the people who confirmed the hire said that Mr. Trump’s    Jared Kushner, who is heavily involved in spending and strategy decisions in the campaign, discussed it in staff briefings and pushed for it to occur. Mr. Christie is the chief of Mr. Trump’s transition committee, but he is no longer close to Mr. Stepien and was said to have been uninvolved in the discussions to hire him. Mr. Stepien is expected to help beef up a political operation that has been a work in progress for several weeks. He had initially been contacted by the Trump campaign earlier this year as Mr. Christie’s campaign for president was sputtering. When the issue was revisited after Mr. Christie dropped out of the race, both the governor and Mr. Trump’s   manager, Corey Lewandowski, opposed hiring him, according to people briefed at the time. Roger Stone, an informal adviser to Mr. Trump over many years, described the move as a positive one. ‘He’s a real professional and has the kind of contacts and experience the campaign could really use,” Mr. Stone said. For Mr. Stepien, 38, it is a chance to resurrect what was once a promising career as a national political operative. He successfully ran both of Mr. Christie’s campaigns for governor. Mr. Christie had hired him as a consultant to the Republican Governor’s Association during his year as chairman of that group. In January 2014, Mr. Christie picked him to lead the New Jersey Republican party, calling Mr. Stepien “the best Republican operative in the country. ” It was widely expected that he would run Mr. Christie’s presidential campaign. Days after the appointment, Mr. Christie cut Mr. Stepien loose, when documents from a legislative subpoena revealed that a deputy chief of staff to the governor, Bridget Anne Kelly, had sent an email calling for “some traffic problems in Fort Lee,” the town gridlocked by the lane closings on the George Washington Bridge between the borough and Manhattan in September 2013. Prosecutors, who indicted Ms. Kelly and two other Christie allies in the lane closings, have said the   were retaliation against the Fort Lee mayor, Mark Sokolich, a Democrat, for declining to endorse Mr. Christie for   in 2013. The governor gave little reason for why he dropped Mr. Stepien other than to say he had “lost confidence in Bill’s judgment” after other emails showed Mr. Stepien referring to the mayor of Fort Lee as “an idiot”  —   the kind of language Mr. Christie has been known to employ publicly. Mr. Stepien was not among the three people charged by federal prosecutors in the lane closings. But earlier this month, a lawyer for one of other defendants released texts from a conversation between two Christie staffers during the   news conference in which the governor denied knowing about the lane closings. “He just flat out lied about senior staff and Stepien not being involved,” one staffer wrote to the other. Mr. Stepien’s lawyer has insisted that his client was not involved in the scandal, and that the text does nothing to prove his involvement. Mr. Stepien had earlier refused to turn over documents or otherwise cooperate with a legislative committee investigating the lane closing scandals, asserting his Fifth Amendment rights against  . Mr. Stepien’s career had all but hit a wall after Mr. Christie let him go. He did some work for a Republican direct mail firm and for New Jersey legislative campaigns and had discussions about working on the presidential campaign of Senator Marco Rubio of Florida as well as on Mr. Trump’s campaign in New Hampshire  —   all before Mr. Christie dropped out of the race. In April, the governor’s lieutenant, Kim Guadagno, named Mr. Stepien as executive director of a nonprofit set up to support her expected campaign for governor, a move Mr. Christie had opposed. The Trump campaign recently underwent a major   with the ascension of both the veteran pollster Kellyanne Conway, an adviser whom Mr. Trump has known for many years and one he trusts, and of Stephen K. Bannon, the financial force behind the Breitbart News website. Since then, there has been an effort to hire another political hand, with David Bossie, the head of the conservative group, Citizens United, briefly discussed as possibility, but national Republicans expressed reservations over his lack of experience directing campaign political operations.",0
3326,At Least 20 Firefighters Killed in Tehran Building Collapse - The New York Times,"TEHRAN  —   The scene unspooled as if in a disaster film: As firefighters fought to control a blaze in one of Tehran’s most prominent   buildings, the structure suddenly collapsed on Thursday in a smoldering heap of wreckage  —   all while millions watched on Iranian state television. The   channel PressTV said that at least 20 firefighters were confirmed dead and that dozens of people could be trapped beneath the rubble. But other local news agencies said that as many as 50 firefighters and shopkeepers could have been inside the building when it collapsed. “It was total chaos, there was dust, there were people everywhere. No one knew what to do,” said Nasim Khakpour, a Tehran resident who had gone to buy a guitar for her brother in the area. Firefighters had battled the blaze for several hours as police officers tried to shoo away shopkeepers trying to return to collect their valuables, PressTV reported. Then came the collapse. As the building fell, a television journalist reporting in front of the building suddenly raised his voice. Onlookers could be heard gasping and shrieking. Several firefighters burst into tears. “They had been trying to put out the fire for hours when suddenly the building just collapsed,” said Ibrahim Najafi, a cosmetics seller, who could see the building crashing down from his shop window. He said there were 590 stores, offices and warehouses in the building. “My friends are in there. What a horrible day. ” People at the scene were visibly upset and the police were required to control angry crowds who yelled at security forces, who they said had arrived too late. “My friend is calling me from under the rubble, help him,” one man was heard shouting. In the chaotic aftermath of the collapse, ambulances had to fight their way through onlookers drawn to the scene, some taking selfies in front of the rubble. Army conscripts were deployed to clear paths for the emergency vehicles. The   the   Plasco Building in the center of Tehran, housed a shopping center and garment manufacturers, and it was as familiar to most residents as the Empire State Building is in New York. Built in 1962 by Habib Elghanian, an   businessman, and named for his   company, it was Tehran’s first modern   and long stood as a symbol of the drive for modernization during the reign of Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi. After the 1979 revolution, Mr. Elghanian was accused of spying for Israel and was executed. Firefighters said the blaze appeared to have started in the morning on the 11th floor before spreading to a floor below, trapping some of their colleagues inside. Firefighters on the ground stared upward as the fire advanced, apparently horrified by the predicament faced by those in the building. Two of them comforted a colleague, his face ashen, as he knelt, pointing at the building. The choreography of the structure’s collapse played out with cinematic inevitability. First, one side of the building crashed, just missing a firefighter standing on a ladder, The Associated Press reported. Then the rest came down. So dense were the plumes of smoke that Jalal Maleki, a spokesman for Tehran’s fire brigade, told The A. P. that the cloud was “visible from the southern parts of Tehran,” miles away. Masoumeh Abad, a member of the Tehran City Council, said tenants of the building had been warned “at least 20 times” that maintenance was needed, the semiofficial news agency Fars reported. But local news outlets suggested that the municipality had been lax in carrying out safety regulations. The Plasco Building had been fully stocked with garments for the Iranian New Year on March 21, for which Iranians traditionally shop for new clothes, and there were reports that the clothing had choked the hallways, impeding the work of firefighters.",0
3327,"Denying Conflict, Trump Family Tries to Resolve Potential Problems - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Realizing that his presidency could face potentially crippling questions over conflicts of interest, Donald J. Trump and his family are rushing to resolve potential controversies  —   like shuttering foundations and terminating development deals  —   even as the   publicly maintains that no legal conflicts exist. In recent days, the   and his aides have said that he intends to distribute the assets of his personal charity and then close it down, has examined a plan to hire an outside monitor to oversee the Trump Organization and has terminated some international business projects. “This is a process that my father and my family are taking incredibly seriously,” said Eric Trump, who will help oversee the Trump Organization, and who announced last week that he was terminating   for his own charity, the Eric Trump Foundation. Even with these steps, Mr. Trump will enter the White House with a maze of financial holdings unlike those of any other president in American history. Many ethics experts still say the only way Mr. Trump can eliminate his most serious conflicts is to liquidate his company, and then put the money into a blind trust  —   a move Mr. Trump has so far rejected as impractical and unreasonable. The potential roles that his daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, may play in the administration are particularly vexatious. Both have business operations that could benefit from their government roles  —   even if they are not involved in the businesses on a    basis. Ms. Trump’s business is so tied to her name that any position she might take in the White House or informal role she might play as an adviser to her father could benefit her company, which she will still own. And because Mr. Trump refuses to release his tax returns, the extent of his potential conflicts remains unknown. “Yes, it would be hard to sell the business  —   there would be some personal discomfort,” said Robert Weissman, the president of Public Citizen, a liberal nonprofit group that has mocked Mr. Trump’s efforts to “drain the swamp” of Washington special interests. “But he ran for president of the United States and won, so those considerations can’t be weighted very heavily. ” The hurried effort to clean up some of the family’s potential conflicts stands in contrast to the public statements by Mr. Trump since his election that as president he would not be subject to conflict of interest laws and could eliminate most questions by turning his business operations over entirely to his children. But in recent weeks, as public scrutiny of Mr. Trump’s global business operations has intensified, Mr. Trump, his family, their executives in New York and a team of outside lawyers have been working to eliminate many of these potential flash points  —   a task so complicated that Mr. Trump has delayed announcing the details. The list of actions contemplated  —   with some already executed  —   is long, but the planned dissolution of the Donald J. Trump Foundation might be the most resonant, given the enormous controversies surrounding the nonprofit, which is under investigation by the New York attorney general. The Trumps must work out the terms of the foundation’s closing. A spokeswoman for the New York attorney general’s office said Saturday that any move to close the foundation required state approval, given the investigation into how it spends its money and courts donations, and the state’s order that it stop  . “The Trump Foundation is still under investigation by this office and cannot legally dissolve until that investigation is complete,” Amy Spitalnick, the press secretary, said. Mr. Trump gave little thought to what to do with his business in the event of a victory on Election Day. But embarrassing reversals by his children highlighted concerns that access to the incoming administration could be for sale, and pressed the family to respond. A charity auction for coffee with Ivanka Trump, his daughter, was canceled, and Eric Trump and Donald Trump Jr. the  ’s sons, pulled out of another charity event that asked donors to give as much as $1 million in return for access to their father and a hunting expedition with his sons. In interviews late last week, executives at the Trump Organization, advisers on the Trump transition team and members of Mr. Trump’s family said they were determined to move aggressively in the remaining days before the inauguration to clear as many of these potential conflicts as possible. “I certainly can’t deny there is a greater desire to sort of clear the decks as much as possible to avoid distractions,” said Alan Garten, the general counsel at the Trump Organization, in an interview, pointing to the recent $25 million settlement of fraud claims against Mr. Trump’s   educational program, Trump University. Among other measures: ■ Both the Trump Organization and the Ivanka Trump brand  —   a line of jewelry, clothing, handbags and other items  —   are exploring options for an outside monitor to help oversee operations, block inappropriate contacts between the companies and the federal government, and provide independent voices for management decisions, executives involved in the efforts said. One option is a trustee who would run the business alongside Eric and his brother, Donald Jr. The Trump Organization has discussed turning to legal experts such as former Attorney General Michael Mukasey as potential trustees. ■ The Trump Organization, in some cases citing deficiencies in the work performed by some of its foreign partners or other clauses in contracts with them, is terminating pending or nearly completed hotels and apartment buildings in Brazil, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Argentina, while also forgoing other   ventures in places such as India. ■ Ivanka Trump is looking at donating proceeds from a     book, “Women Who Work: Rewriting the Rules for Success,” to charity. ■ A labor dispute with hundreds of workers at the Trump International Hotel in Las Vegas  —   which generated calls for a national boycott of Trump properties and protest rallies  —   was suddenly settled on Wednesday, with the hotel agreeing to provide pensions, health insurance, annual wage increases and other benefits that it previously refused to offer. Another agreement with employees at the   Trump International Hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington will allow them to organize a union. ■ The Trump Organization has shelved a planned    sea wall at its oceanfront golf course in Ireland after the proposal provoked angry protests from environmentalists both in Ireland and in the United States. ■ Eric Trump said he no longer intended to participate in any meetings  —   business or    —   organized by his father, as the   prepared to move to the White House, and would not interact with him or anyone in his administration on government matters once he was in office. “I’ll have no role in government,” he said, describing a division of “church and state” but saying he will still talk to his father about other things. The turnaround on the labor union dispute demonstrates just how sudden the shift has been. In November, four days before Election Day, the Trump hotel filed a lawsuit in the United States Court of Appeals challenging a ruling by the National Labor Relations Board that ordered his hotel in Las Vegas to recognize a labor union that workers voted for in late 2015 and to negotiate a new contract. A month later, company officials invited labor negotiators to Trump Tower for a   negotiation. On Wednesday, the union ratified a deal that gave the 500 workers generous health care coverage, pensions, a guaranteed workweek and other protections, and set up a grievance system if they objected to conditions. The lawsuit was also dropped, as were outstanding matters pending before the labor relations board, which will soon be under Mr. Trump’s control. “It is everything the workers have been fighting for for over for a year,” said Bethany Khan, a spokeswoman for the Culinary Workers Union. While the family may be removing some of the most obvious problems, critics say Mr. Trump will still know what properties his family owns and which policy decisions will benefit them, no matter how careful he is. The portfolio of assets might influence his interactions with leaders in nations such as Turkey and the Philippines, where Mr. Trump has prominent marketing deals. In places where he has allowed the use of his family name and even his image, Mr. Trump will soon be confronting foreign policy decisions, such as how to confront human rights violations or fight terrorism. The family, at least so far, has not announced how it will resolve other issues, such as the lease at the Trump International Hotel in Washington, which was issued by the federal government’s General Services Administration, an agency Mr. Trump will soon oversee.   hotels and golf courses across the globe could benefit from business sent to them by foreign governments or other corporate players seeking to try to influence Mr. Trump. Loans that help finance his companies and permits issued by local government or foreign entities  —   even on projects that are already built  —   could be perceived as special favors. Payments by foreign governments to his hotels  —   for diplomatic soirees or overnight stays  —   might violate the   emoluments clause of the Constitution, which prohibits gifts to federal employees from foreign government entities. Representative Elijah E. Cummings, Democrat of Maryland, the ranking member on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, who has called for an investigation into Mr. Trump’s potential conflicts, said he was glad to see that the Trump family appeared to have acknowledged that the conflicts issues were real. But he said much more must be done. “He is headed in the right direction, but he has to reach the right destination, which is to divest of everything like Democratic and Republican ethics experts have said he must do,” Mr. Cummings said. “The presidency is probably the most difficult job in the world. Why would you want almost every decision you make to be questioned? You have more than 111 companies operating in 18 countries. That is a minefield, and sadly it will take away from his credibility. ”",0
3328,"Palestinian rivals, Mideast regional powers growing uneasy with Abbas","October 27, 2016 Palestinian rivals, Mideast regional powers growing uneasy with Abbas 
Saudi Arabia, Egypt and other Arab states are piling pressure on Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to resolve divisions in his Fatah party and with the rival Hamas movement, amid growing concerns about whether Palestinian democracy is under threat. 
Neighboring states, diplomats and major funders fear the festering divisions could lead to conflict, and say the lack of a clear transition process raises questions about what would happen if the 81-year-old Abbas, in power since 2005 despite his mandate expiring, were to die in office. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright © 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don’t receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That’s an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here ► Dear Readers,",0
3330,Britons of all races united against Daily Mail,"Britons of all races united against Daily Mail 02-11-16 MULTI-RACIAL Britons are united in thinking the Daily Mail is full of shit. After the newspaper reported that the country faced increased racial segregation, Britons of all races confirmed that they were joined by a belief that the Mail is a load of paranoia and semi-pornography written by and for freaks. Arjun Patel, of Worcester, said: “Minor cultural differences can soon be overcome when you’ve both read a Mail article about transgender-only schools, Liz Jones or ‘the hidden science of sex’ and gone ‘that is bollocks’. “I used to hate my West Indian neighbour until we compared notes on Samantha Brick’s article on female obesity. Now we play dominoes twice a week.” Swindon-based Roy Hobbs said: “Black, white or Asian, anyone who thinks Littlejohn’s a twat, or that articles inviting the reader to simultaneously condemn and leer over drunk female students are very wrong, is alright by me.” 
Save",0
3331,"CalPERS Plans to Violate California Constitution, Pave Way for Hiring Under-Qualified Candidate, for Critically Important Job of Chief Actuary","by Yves Smith 
No matter how bad things are at CalPERS, the giant pension fund seems determined to make them worse. 
This Thursday, November 3, the California State Personnel Board is set to approve changes to the job description of CalPERS’ Chief Actuary that are depicted as minor but are anything but. We get to the CalPERS job description shortly, but as Purdue’s mathematics department describes the terrain : 
An actuary is a business professional who analyzes the financial consequences of risk. Actuaries use mathematics, statistics, and financial theory to study uncertain future events, especially those of concern to insurance and pension programs. 
The proposed changes both amount to a violation of the California Constitution by attempting to end the required role of the board in policy-making, and separately so far reducing the minimum qualifications for the job that they will be lower than that for the most junior actuaries now employed at CalPERS. Needless to say, that makes a mockery of the claim that CalPERS needs to dumb down the job description so severely to fill the post. CalPERS could promote someone from inside by relaxing the requirements less or not at all. 
One has to assume that the motivation for allowing a person who would be deemed to be grossly unqualified under current rules to be hired in the Chief Actuary is that the new CEO, Marcie Frost, has someone specific she’d like to bring in. The fact that Frost herself does not have a college degree and certainly does not have the mathematical chops to evaluate an actuary’s professional competence certainly looks like she is giving personal loyalty far too much weight in a role where analytical rigor and professionalism are of paramount importance. 
This move troublingly resembles CalPERS’ decision to hire a similarly unqualified party, Robert Klausner, in another important role, that of fiduciary counsel. Recall that Klausner was not a member of the California bar, yet in public board sessions, was giving advice on California law matters such as its Public Records Act. As we pointed out, his advice was contrary to statute. To make matters worse, Klausner had a long track record of being involved in pay-to-play scandals and of telling clients what they wanted to hear, regardless of whether he could come up with a sound legal basis for validating their actions. As California attorney Karl Olson wrote of Klausner: 
This isn’t a case of the fox guarding the henhouse; this may be a case of CalPERS going across the country to hire a fox who specialized in building henhouses with no gates. 
But what could possibly be foxy about the historically dull green-eyeshade role of Chief Actuary? 
Recall that the biggest controversy that CalPERS is facing now, and one that is not going away any time soon, is its underfunding problem and its refusal to cut its return assumptions. CalPERS’ just-retired former Chief Actuary, Alan Milligan, repeatedly stated that he thought the pension fund needed to lower its return target, and repeated that view in his final appearances before the board in August and September. Given the recent salvo of articles excoriating CalPERS for its refusal to reduce its return targets save on a very attenuated basis that many regard as unrealistic, CalPERS must be relieved that journalists were too inattentive to pick up on the fact that the agency was disregarding the advice of its own designated risk expert. No doubt the agency is keen to get an actuary in place that won’t take positions that could make its hard-to-defend posture even more untenable. 
Now let us address the particulars of CalPERS’ chicanery with its Chief Actuary job search. 
The Chief Actuary is such an important role that until the board decided to quit doing its job and rubber stamp pretty much everything staff wanted to do, it was one of four direct reports to the board. Reducing the number of direct reports to one has substantially reduced the board’s power. If it was unhappy with the activities of staff, it could threaten to fire one of the direct reports other than the CEO, which gave it more surgical ways to intervene. Now it has only the nuclear option of defenestrating the CEO. 
The Chief Actuary, indeed all the actuary positions at CalPERS, is a job classification that is specific to CalPERS. From a letter from an Baldwin, Chief Personnel Management Division, to the Personnel Board from the document at the end of the post: 
The Chief Actuary is appointed to this single-incumbent, statutory position and serves as a key member of the CalPERS Executive Management team, the incumbent provides guidance on all actuarial issues facing CalPERS, including actuarial investigations and valuations, rate structure, health benefits and reserve funds. The Chief Actuary promotes the sound and secure operation of CalPERS enterprises through the oversight of all functions within the ACTO [Actuarial Office], and is responsible for the evaluation, development, and implementation of actuarial policies and procedures. 
The revisions to the proposed role violate the California constitution by eliminating any reporting relationship between the board and the Chief Actuary. On page 4 of the document below: 
First, it’s disturbing to see the lengths to which the State Personnel Board is willing to collude with CalPERS in disguising the fact that this job classification applies ONLY to CalPERS. By eliminating any reference to CalPERS, unexperienced investigators would mistakenly assumed that the greatly-watered down job requirements apply to all state agencies that have actuarial groups and thus have a senior actuary in charge, such as CalSTRS and the State Department of Insurance. The very fact of this cover-up alone is a sign that CalPERS knows it is up to no good and is desperate to cover its tracks. 
Second, look at the first sentence of the first paragraph as it is proposed to read (emphasis ours): 
Under the policy direction and administrative direction of the organization’s executive and/or director leve l, to manage the actuarial and employer services functions of the organization; to provide expert actuarial advice and consultation to the organization’s executive and/or director level; and to do other related work. 
This is an express violation of the California Constitution. Article XVI, section 17(e) states : 
The retirement board of a public pension or retirement system, consistent with the exclusive fiduciary responsibilities vested in it, shall have the sole and exclusive power to provide for actuarial services in order to assure the competency of the assets of the public pension or retirement system. 
Notice the use of “exclusive and “sole and exclusive.” At a bare minimum, the board needs to retain policy oversight, but even that is being stripped away in the new job description. The board will have absolutely nada to do with the actuarial function. Also bear in mind that the changes in the proposed language, at least as far as I can tell from looking at recent board meetings, were never reviewed or approved by the board. This is a naked power grab by staff relying on long-standing complacency of CalPERS’ board. 
Even more stunning is how this senior role is being downgraded. Note that all positions in the current set of the existing CalPERS pension actuary job series, from “Associate Pension Actuary” through and including “Supervising Pension Actuary” require that the employee have an Associateship in the Society of Actuaries . T he Society of Actuaries website states : 
Requirements include examinations, an e-Learning course, validation of educational experiences outside the SOA Education system (VEE), and a professionalism seminar. 
Notice that the new job description allows for minimum qualifications to instead be satisfied by “Membership in the American Academy of Actuaries”. What, pray tell, is the “American Academy of Actuaries”? 
It is not a professional organization. One can be member without satisfying any professional credentialing requirements. For instance, one can become a member via being a member of the “Conference of Consulting Actuaries” which in turn allows for “Membership for NonSOA/CAS Credentialed Actuaries” 
All actuaries not credentialed by the Society of Actuaries or the Casualty Actuarial Society are required to sign off on a form acknowledging professional awareness of the Qualification Standards and professionalism for actuaries prior to processing his/her application (required by the International Actuarial Association). 
In other words, without even looking hard, there is a route to become a member of the American Academy of Actuaries by saying you’ve heard about actuarial professional ethics. You don’t even have to say you believe in them, just that you know they exist! Although there is a continuing education requirement for the Conference of Consulting Actuaries, if you click through, you can see it is required “ to retain the status of FCA or ACA ” meaning Fellow or Associate, not a mere “Member”. 
Needless to say, it would be plenty demotivating to CalPERS’ existing staff of actuaries to have a new boss parachuted in above them who hadn’t gone through the sort of minimum professional accreditation they were required to meet. And it begs the question as to why CalPERS’ staff is so desperate to consider candidates that have not been subjected to a basic requirement of passing the Society of Actuaries’ exams. Would you ever consider using an attorney, even for informal advice, who had never passed a bar exam? Yet CalPERS and the California Department of Human Resources are about to put in place a job description that would let someone that unqualified in actuarial space take the helm at CalPERS. 
With the vote on this dangerous change set to take place on Thursday, this plot is too far advanced for the usual Naked Capitalism reader route of writing upset missives to CalPERS board members, particularly the elected members who have reason to fear the wrath of voters, to have any effect. I hope you’ll forward this post to news organizations and ask them to look into this pronto, since this story is time sensitive. 
Here are some candidates, but feel free to write others (please add helpful ideas in comments, particularly how to contact any talk radio or TV hosts who might take up this story): 
Adam Ashton (aashton@sacbee.com) who posts the Sacramento Bee’s State Worker blog 
James Rufus Koren (I assume james.koren@latimes.com given their official convention). He’s been doing regular coverage of CalPERS returns. 
Jack Dolan (jack.dolan@latimes.com) at the Los Angeles Times. I have mixed feelings about putting Dolan onto this, since his last story on CalPERS was seriously distorted (his report grossly exaggerated the cost of cost of allowing “badges” as in mainly prison guards and state highway officers, to retire early and tried pinning CalPERS underfunding on that, when it is due to not continuing to fund the system when it appeared to be overfunded in the dot-com era, and the losses it took in the financial crisis from which it has not fully recovered). However, with CalPERS in the cross-hairs of critics, it needs to work even harder at being above reproach instead of making itself vulnerable to fully-deserved attacks. And this latest development would certainly fit with the dim view he has of the system. However, he may only do longer-form stories and something faster-turnanround may not suit his schedule. 
John Gittelson at Bloomberg (johngitt@bloomberg.net). He’s an LA-based asset management reporter at Bloomberg; he’s pinged me in the past about past CalPERS stories, always an encouraging sign.",0
3332,Church Attendance Increases in Conservative Poland,"The percentage of people attending church in Poland rose in 2015 from 39. 1 per cent to 39. 8 per cent, bucking a trend of decline across the rest of Europe. [Figures from the Institute of Statistics of the Catholic Church in Poland show the percentage of people receiving Holy Communion in the former Communist country also rose from 16. 3 per cent to 17 per cent in the same year.  Meanwhile, the number of Catholic priests in the country also rose to a record 20, 800 in figures that suggest the country is rejecting the secular liberalism of institutions such as the European Union (EU) and embracing its traditional Christian culture. Religion website Zenit also says there was a “massive” reception of the Sacraments in parishes across the country in 2015, with 369, 000 baptism, 360, 000 confirmations, 270, 000 first communions and 134, 000 marriages. Poland is showing signs of being increasingly resistant to globalist liberalism, adopting an ever more culturally conservative approach to issues. In November, the country’s bishops, in the presence of President Andrzej Duda, proclaimed Jesus Christ “King of Poland” in a ceremony in Krakow, declaring: “We Poles stand before you to acknowledge your reign, surrender to your law, and entrust our homeland and the whole nation to you. ” The country is also increasingly resistant to mass immigration, with the government and population at large sceptical of open borders. In April last year, the Polish government announced it would not accept 7, 000 migrants it had previously agreed to take under   quotas, saying the plan was “dead”. Deputy foreign minister Konrad Szymanski said it was “not being implemented from the very beginning and nothing points to the fact that the majority of EU countries would implement it. ” A poll this month found that the majority of Poles do not want the country to accept asylum seekers from conflict zones, while 67 do not want to accept migrants from the Middle East and Africa. Young people are even more unwilling to accept asylum seekers than the older generation, with 62 per cent of   being against.",0
3333,Democrat Electors Try To Persuade GOP Electors To Abandon Trump,"Democrats furious that Donald Trump won the presidency despite the fact that Hillary Clinton surpassed him in the popular vote by almost two million votes, have formed a battle plan to eradicate the Electoral College, which enabled Trump to triumph.  ",0
3334,"Comment on Two Days of Pot Raids Turns into Dog Killing Spree — Innocent Woman Shot at, Toddler Terrorized by tapatio","Home / #Solutions / Two Days of Pot Raids Turns into Dog Killing Spree — Innocent Woman Shot at, Toddler Terrorized Two Days of Pot Raids Turns into Dog Killing Spree — Innocent Woman Shot at, Toddler Terrorized Matt Agorist August 4, 2016 28 Comments 
Buffalo, NY — In their relentless and often violent pursuit to control what citizens can and cannot put in their bodies, the state leaves behind a trail of blood and suffering. As the Buffalo Police Department illustrated last week, this trail often contains the blood of defenseless animals. 
Police incompetence coupled with deadly training came to a head last week and wreaked havoc on the residents of Buffalo. The Narcotics Division of the Buffalo Police Department executed a series of drug raids last week leading to a handful of arrests and the seizure of small quantities of drugs — mostly cannabis. 
After the department released their heroic numbers to the press on how much dangerous cannabis was taken off the streets, they remained conveniently silent about the dogs they slaughtered along the way. 
On Friday morning, Buffalo cops, in their search for a 170 lb 5’11” black male, raided the home of Michael Urban — a 5’11” 210 lb white male. 
While police were ramming the innocent man’s face into his kitchen floor, Urban pleaded with them not to kill his dog. But it was to no avail. 
Police took aim at the helpless dog who, according to Urban was simply standing there in a non-threatening manner. ‘Boom,’ one officer fired, but the bullet only injured Urban’s 18-month-old pit bull named Gotham, sending him running away frightened and crying. 
As the dog is wailing in agony, another officer fires a round directly into the dog’s skull, exploding the innocent animal’s head. But, it gets worse. 
Urban lives on the second floor of an apartment. When the second officer shot, that bullet went through the floor and almost killed the tenant downstairs. 
“What just happened?” Urban recalls. “As the bullet hole went through the floor through the ceiling, as the dog’s blood is dripping through the downstairs apartment… who’s accountable?” 
As Gotham’s blood drips from the bullet hole in Urban’s floor and out of the hole of Jami Krafchak’s ceiling in the apartment below, cops decided to go after her too. 
After they nearly killed her, cops raided Krafchak’s home. She was manhandled, searched with no warrant, and humiliated as she stood there in her nightgown. 
Neither Urban nor Krafchak were charged with a crime. 
The night before the heroic cops of the Buffalo Narcotics Division killed an innocent man’s beloved pet, they raided the home of Cory and Cindy Meer. 
According to Meer’s lawyer, Matthew Albert , Meer and his two-year-old son watched helplessly as jackboots murdered their beloved family dog, Damian, a six-year-old Pit Bull. 
Meer tells Artvoice that his dog was not a threat to officers. “He is the most family friendly dog I’ve ever had… he’s never hurt anyone,” said Meer. “He would have licked the cops.” 
Just like Urban, Meer lied face down as he begged the cops not to shoot Damian. Again, this was to no avail. 
As Meer’s 2-year-old watched in horror, a cop blasted the family dog to death. 
“My son lost his best friend right in front of him,” Meer said. 
Also like Urban, Meer was not arrested. However, a friend at his house allegedly had a small amount of marijuana on him, so the raid was justified, according to police. 
According to Meer’s attorney, he has 12 active cases of dogs being killed by the same squad. 
“They are going to say they are going after dangerous drug dealers,” Albert said. “Out of the cases I have, they’ve hit the wrong houses numerous times , found nothing numerous times, and I think at best, they’ve found a few pills at one of these houses… charges I got dismissed because they were filed wrong.” 
In 2014, the Free Thought Project reported on a Freedom of Information Act request for use of force incidents within the Buffalo police department. The information was shocking. 
According to use of force reports, Buffalo Police shot 92 dogs from Jan. 1, 2011 through Sept. 2014. Seventy-three of those dogs died. Nineteen survived. 
To provide a comparison, Buffalo’s numbers more than triple the amount of dog shooting incidents involving police in Cincinnati, a municipality of similar size. 
“The numbers are what the numbers are,” Buffalo Police Chief of Detectives Dennis Richards said in an interview with WGRZ in 2014. “Certainly, no officer takes any satisfaction in having to dispatch a dog.” 
Apparently, however, they do. It is not like Buffalo residents have more dogs than other parts of the country. This department seemingly takes satisfaction in killing people’s dogs. 
When asked if the Buffalo police have undergone any special training in regards to dealing with dogs, or the handling of dogs in a non-lethal manner, Chief Richards said, “It has not come to that point in Buffalo that we’ve implemented any of those other techniques.” 
Apparently killing a dog every other week, or two in a 12-hour period, is just dandy and they see no problem with it or reason to seek out training to deal with such a high rate of puppycide. 
Something has to be done, however, and it is far more than just training. The most effective action that would need to be taken would be to drastically reduce the instance of no-knock search warrants. According to an ACLU report, 62 percent of SWAT raids are searches for drugs. 
If we want to end puppycide, we have to end the drug war , the two are not mutually exclusive. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist Share Google + CousinScootie 
Adam Arroyo still waiting for justice from a 2013 killing of his dog on a wrong address raid. WTF are the judges in Buffalo doing handing out no-knock search warrants for refer with the track record of Buffalo narcotics? 
“no-knock search warrants”<< this is the real crime! 
The words ""search warrant"" can't even apply in these cases. It's more like an Execution Warrant. 
The only acceptable cause to conduct a raid, especially on a civilian residence, is if there is a Hostage Situation. 
No Hostage, No Raid! common sense! 
So a bunch of Steroid Junkies have to miss out on playing War Games with civilian lives? Well, too bad! We can call that an acceptable loss. Mike 
I hope and pray that everyone of these thug cops that shot dogs, get shot themselves and left to bleed out in the gutter like the trash they truly are!!!! Gordon Klock 
They clearly get some non-admitted, sense of satisfaction, by killing people’s pets in front of them, & we all are coming to know that there is absolutely no reasoning with these sadistic clowns, “the war on drugs” has always been a scam to generate prison labor, & terrorize the populace, whilst maintaining the naive illusion that it is all somehow morally responsible behavior to harm & incarcerate people over such an exaggerated “threat” (more likely to oneself, if at all), & they really seem to enjoy scaring the helpless, as they commit these acts of brutality that would’ve been illegal for them to do three or four decades ago…… katz ro 
tried to twitter you a link this is all on video. personally I feel felony charges should be lodged against any lea that comes to someones home and shoots their dog for no reason",0
3335,Kevin Turner’s Parents Still Watch Football. But Differently. - The New York Times,"HOLTVILLE, Ala.  —   In an airy,   house here on Jordan Lake about 25 miles north of Montgomery and around the corner from cotton farms, there is a     television on the living room wall. The TV belongs to Myra and Raymond Turner, the parents of Kevin Turner, a former Alabama fullback who played eight seasons in the N. F. L. This Sunday, that TV will be tuned to the N. F. L. playoffs, to the game that killed their son. “I know a lot of people are going to say, ‘How do you watch football knowing football had taken your son’s own life? ’” Raymond Turner said. “But it’s hard to explain, really. It’s just all so hard to explain. ” I traveled to Alabama to hear an explanation and try to understand it  —   and maybe even understand why they allow their two teenage grandsons to play football after Kevin, the boys’ father, suffered for six long years with a brain disease that research has linked to head trauma in football. He died last March at 46. There was no clear answer to my question, only compartmentalized memories. In the house on the lake, which Kevin helped his parents buy, reminders of him appear at every turn. On the desk in his old bedroom is one of his Alabama playbooks in the rec room are seven of his jerseys, framed in the living room, there is his Philadelphia Eagles helmet and, of course, the giant   TV, which used to be his. Kevin, who played for the New England Patriots as well as the Eagles, died after being treated for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, also known as A. L. S. and Lou Gehrig’s disease. Kevin donated his brain to researchers in Boston who have examined the brains of more than 200 former football players after they died. The researchers said Kevin Turner’s brain was “riddled” with chronic traumatic encephalopathy, or C. T. E. which has been tied to repeated blows to the head. When watching Sunday’s playoff games, you probably won’t think about Turner. But you should. In a life that was shortened by football, he made a wide and lasting impact on the sport. After the diagnosis in 2010, Turner became one of the main plaintiffs in a   lawsuit former players brought against the N. F. L. claiming that the league hid the   cognitive dangers of the game. The league agreed to a settlement for potentially hundreds of millions of dollars, and the first payouts from that litigation are expected in the coming months. Turner didn’t live to see a penny of that settlement money. The cash could have helped him when his body deteriorated and his family had to care for him. The Turners remember their son, who once weighed 235 pounds, dwindling to 100. At first, he lost strength in his left hand. And his left arm. Then his right arm and hand. Then his neck. His mother had to learn how to thicken water so he wouldn’t choke while drinking it, and how to clean his breathing and feeding tubes. By the end, Kevin couldn’t eat, drink, swallow or talk, as he fought for each breath. “It’s all been really hard,” Myra said, as she started to cry. “It’s worse than you can imagine, having to be a nurse to your son and then losing your only son. ” With the family’s cooperation, HBO’s “Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel” has chronicled the six years of Kevin’s decline for a segment that will be televised on Tuesday. His parents think it is important to tell their story, to raise awareness about C. T. E. They take no offense at questions about why they haven’t turned their backs on football. They still watch. They just watch differently. They pay a lot more attention to college games than to the N. F. L. and they are always interested in seeing how officials treat a player who might have a concussion. They have tuned into the N. F. L. playoffs, and they plan to watch the Super Bowl. Neither is ignoring the risk of C. T. E. but Raymond said, “It’s probably too late for those guys in the N. F. L. ” As Myra Turner watched the Dallas Cowboys play the Packers last weekend, she saw a TV camera stop on the former Cowboys running back Emmitt Smith, who was celebrating and grabbing his seatmate, Tony Dorsett, another Cowboys alumnus. Dorsett, who has said he has memory loss and other signs of C. T. E. didn’t look right. “He didn’t even crack a smile,” Myra said. “He was just sitting there and I thought, ‘Wow, how can he sit there with no emotion at all?’ Then I realized, oh, yeah, I do know why. ’” The Turners grew up in this state, where football is king, a rite passed from fathers to sons. Raymond played, then coached Kevin. “I’m a guy, so I love football  —   the hitting, the running, the scoring, the girls,” Raymond said, before Myra cut him off. “And I was a cheerleader!” she said. “I was the only girl you’re talking about, right?” By their smiles and giggles, you could tell football once brought them unquestionable joy, long before anyone had heard of C. T. E.  —   or even took concussions seriously. Today, their granddaughter, Natalie, 16, is a cheerleader dating a football player, just as her grandmother did. Myra won’t watch her grandsons play. Raymond watches every game. Nolan was a redshirt freshman at Clemson last season. Cole plays in middle school. “Their dad told them to think long and hard before playing football because of what it could possibly do to their brains,” Raymond said. “But the boys wanted to play. The game is much safer. What can you do? We make sure they are extra careful. ” He said: “If the boys said they didn’t want to play football anymore, I’d be pretty happy about that. But Nolan is 19 and can make his own decisions now. I can’t convince him of anything. ” As the couple talked about their bittersweet relationship with football, Raymond twisted a napkin so many times and so tightly that it became a hard, tiny paper sculpture. Myra’s eyes filled with tears. “I can’t believe my son is gone,” she said. Kevin was buried last Easter in Prattville, Ala. about four miles from his high school football field, which is now named after him. On Thursday, his grave was marked with a small white metal cross and a vase of white artificial flowers, which had fallen onto its side. The squares of sod atop his plot had yet to grow together. His bronze grave marker  —   which will be finished any day now  —   will have his name, Paul Kevin Turner, and two etchings of him in a football uniform  —   one from his days at Alabama, the other from when he was with the Eagles. Between his dates of birth and death, there will be a raised image of a golden football. “I didn’t think twice about putting football on there,” Myra said. “Because that was his life, our life. ”",0
3336,URGENT: Hillary Clinton's Best Friend Just Sold Her Out! The Doctors were Right... * LIBERTY WRITERS NEWS,"10 
Well folks, it looks like the chickens have finally come home to roost. Karma is a b*tch, ain’t it Hillary? 
Hillary Clinton thought if there was one person in the world that she could trust, it was her “friend” Huma Abedin. 
Thanks to a new drop of emails from Wikileaks, it looks like even Huma has turned on Hillary. Her and John Podest apparently sent a ton of emails right before her campaign started about Hillary Clinton’s brain damage. 
The most damning of all the emails from Huma read: “She (Hillary Clinton) is still not perfect in the head.” Email from Huma Abedin 
The message was sent as a warning to Hillary Clinton’s campaign staffers to stick to the notes since Hillary still couldn’t think clearly. 
Now, I am no doctor, but I’ say if even your closest friends are talking behind your back about you having head problems, that is probably a sign you are sick. Too sick, in fact, to run for president. 
However, I can guarantee you that the second this email got released, Hillary gave the kill order to her media goons to bury this story so deep that it will never see the light of day. 
If you want the world to see how Broken Hillary Clinton really is, then do us all a favor and share this out to everyone you know on Facebook. This is our ONLY way to get the truth out there! ",0
3337,BORDER COLLAPSE AMID ELECTION,"by DML DAILY / November 4, 2016 / IMMIGRATION / 
Illegal aliens are flooding through the border at an unprecedented pace. According to Border Patrol agents the surge is taking place because human smugglers are issuing warning that it’s now or never to get into the U.S. 
If Trump wins, the illegal aliens are told there will be a giant wall keeping them out of the U.S. permanently. If Clinton wins, they are led to believe amnesty will be granted. Both incentives are driving the illegal entries to a level not seen in years, and according to agents in Texas, the Border Patrol is overwhelmed with 1,000 apprehensions per night in just one sector. 
According to the Department of Homeland Security, in fiscal 2016, the Border Patrol apprehended 117,200 immigrants from Central America, almost one-third of all apprehensions border-wide — and 5,000 more than during the so-called surge of 2014. The agency also apprehended 5,000 Haitians, up from just 700 last year. The number of immigrants claiming to be from Africa and Asia also is up. 

“When you stop somebody, you ask their name and the first thing they tell you is – ‘I’m here for asylum, I can’t go home because they’ll kill me.’ … When it takes a good five or six minutes just to get their name out of them, they have a rehearsed story,” said Chris Cabrera, a representative from the Border Patrol Council told Fox News. “Once they get those papers saying they can pass through our checkpoint, we’ll never see them again.” 
Typically, an illegal immigrant pays a $4,000 to $6,000 smuggling fee to the drug cartels. Once here, he said the Mexican government had given each a number based on their arrival. 

Sign up to get breaking news alerts from Dennis Michael Lynch. Subscribe ",0
3338,La famille Erdoğan et Daesh (suite),"La famille Erdoğan et Daesh (suite) Réseau Voltaire | 3 novembre 2016 Un groupe de hackers turcs, RedHack, a piraté les e-mails du ministre de l’Énergie. Immédiatement, un tribunal turc a interdit la publication et la reproduction de ces e-mails.
Cependant, ces 20 gigabites de données ont été analysées par le professeur Ahmed Yayla, directeur adjoint de l’ICSVE (Centre international pour l’étude de l’extrémisme violent) et ancien responsable de l’antiterrorisme turc [ 1 ]. Elles confirment des rumeurs persistantes et donnent de nouveaux détails.
Le pétrole volé par Daesh en Syrie était transporté par 8 500 camions citernes appartenant à une société ayant obtenu, sans appel d’offre, le monopole du transport du pétrole sur le territoire turc, Powertans. Elle est détenue par la très mystérieuse Grand Fortune Ventures, basée à Singapour, puis transférée aux îles Caiman. Derrière ce montage se cache, Çalık Holding, la compagnie de Berat Albayrak (photo), le gendre du président Erdoğan et son ministre de l’Énergie.
“ Hacked Emails Link Turkish Minister to Illicit Oil ”, Ahmed Yayla, World Policy , October 17, 2016.",0
3339,"EXCLUSIVE: ’Human Centipede’ Director Tom Six on Political Correctness, Censorship, Fashion, and ’The Onania Club’ - Breitbart","I recently had the opportunity to speak with the director of the Human Centipede trilogy, Tom Six, about political correctness, censorship, fashion, and his upcoming film The Onania Club. [Charlie Nash: Do you think censorship and public outrage is becoming a prominent problem again in society? Have you faced any censorship issues while trying to maintain complete creative control over your movies?  Tom Six: Absolutely! Society has grown to a disgustingly mediocre and politically correct way of thinking. Like, the movie world only makes    movies now. In Hollywood it is all about a producer with a calculator who wants to please everyone and is only concerned about making money. They have a system where you can type in words like “Brad Pitt” and “Action” and the computer will calculate the  . I think it is the worst way to make movies, that is not what   and art is all about. I believe in movies that bite, burn, shock, hurt, and are unconventional. Where a filmmaker is still a warrior fighting the mediocrity. I want audience to smell the dirty laundry.  In the UK, censors cut many minutes from The Human Centipede 2 by law. It feels like I made a comedy and they cut out all the good jokes. It’s appalling. Nobody is forced to see a movie. Give audiences their own choice to watch it or not. The upside is they make great free worldwide publicity for me and they are losing their grip, like standard distribution companies lose their power because of the internet. So I’m unstoppable and I keep making the horrific movies I wanna make. CN: Your new horror flick The Onania Club is coming out soon. Will your fans be even more horrified by your new movie than they were with the Human Centipede trilogy? Have you managed to achieve the impossible by outdoing your previous films? TS: The Onania Club is a totally different movie than my human pedes. I want to stay very original, like all pede parts were totally different. I don’t consider my movies typical horror films, but they are horrific and have pitch black humor (I came up with the Vanta black genre, meaning the blackest black possible). The Onania Club will go beyond everything evil you have ever seen on a psychological level. But I don’t shock just to shock. It’s just the way I think, and trust me it will divide audiences again from intense love or intense hate. It will certainly have a huge impact and stir things up, exactly the way it should be in these awful politically correct times. It will be a bit of polluted air in fresh environment. CN: What would you say to the people who want to censor or shut down movies that try to push the envelope and shock audiences? TS: I want to Human Centipede them. My dear people, it is a fucking movie. It is all fictional. Not real. It is all  . It’s art. Don’t treat   like children. Let people decide for themselves whether they want to see a movie or not. Nobody is forced to watch movies. Fuck them! CN: You have an impeccable fashion taste, and have become almost as   for your vintage fits as your movies. What brands are your favorite?  TS: I do not care for brands. I don’t want to pay them a lot of money for free  I love to shop at vintage stores or have my suits made. I love bespoke suits and when I buy a vintage suit, I will have it adjusted by my Amsterdam tailor. For me style is everything! I am decaying in style. What the hell happened? In the 40’s and 50’s people dressed great, but nowadays people walk around dressed like homeless people. I wish there was a fashion police that would execute people who wear torn denim jeans when not working in the coal mines and baseball caps backwards when not playing baseball. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook. Read some of Charlie Nash’s previous exclusive interviews below:",0
3340,Donald Trump’s Hollywood Walk of Fame star destroyed by vandals,"Print 
Donald Trump’s star took a beating Wednesday morning — literally. 
The reality TV host’s Hollywood Walk of Fame star was destroyed by a vandal rendering the fixture completely unreadable, according to Deadline Hollywood . 
The vandal was dressed in a city construction worker, taking his sledgehammer to the five-point brass star at approximately 5:45 am. 
The man reportedly said he wanted to remove the souvenir so that it could be auctioned off, with the proceeds set to go toward helping the women who have come forward in recent weeks to accuse Trump of sexual assault. 
The allegations all came out after a 2005 recording surfaced of Trump claiming that his “star” status allows him to grope and kiss women whenever he wants. 
While this is the first time a star has been completely defaced, Trump’s has been vandalized at least twice since he announced his presidential run a year and a half ago.",0
3341,"Single, 54, and a New Dad: Why Some Start Families Late - The New York Times","SPARKY CAMPANELLA never heard the thrumming of a biological clock. But his “sociological clock”  —   his sense that he was missing out on something important in life  —   boomed mightily. At the age of 54, he decided to do something about it. He became a father. He was single, but so what? “I decided I could either do it myself, or wait for the right partner to come along,” said Mr. Campanella, a Los Angeles fine arts photographer whose son, Rhys, is a little over 1 year old. Over the years he had dated women who had children of their own, but he realized that he didn’t want to be a stepdad. “Why go through this life,” he asked, “and not have the experience of having my own child?” It’s a question many childless people over 50 are asking themselves. Of course, dealing with night feedings and rambunctious    are not for the faint of heart. But with their finances in order and their careers in place, with their life spans extended, some older people are concluding: Why not start  —   or continue  —   raising children in later life? Stories of   parenthood often make headlines. This year, the    philanthropist and investor Nicolas Berggruen had two children via surrogate. Margarita   the chairwoman of the global trading house Louis Dreyfus Commodities, gave birth to twin girls at age 53. Janet Jackson made headlines when she announced her pregnancy two weeks before her 50th birthday. Luciano Pavarotti had a child after he was 65 Rupert Murdoch did so when he was over 70. Older men have long had children with younger wives, of course. And giving birth after age 50 is still extremely rare (only 743 American women ages 50 to 54 gave birth in 2014, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s National Vital Statistics Report.) Most important, despite a host of health and ethical issues raised by late parenthood, the whole idea is becoming more culturally accepted, particularly in certain highly affluent circles. “More women and men who are 50 or over are pushing the envelope and taking the leap into parenthood,” said Rachel Lehmann Haupt, the author of “In Her Own Sweet Time: Egg Freezing and the New Frontiers of Family” (Nothing but the Truth, 2016). “We’re living longer, and this new middle age is becoming a time when people start to think about what they want to do with the rest of their lives. For many who haven’t had kids, they decide to reinvent themselves as parents. ” The path to parenthood comes in many ways. Beyond adoption and surrogacy, some choose   fertilization, either with donor eggs or eggs they have frozen in the past. None of this is cheap. Mr. Campanella, for example, paid about $120, 000, which included legal and medical fees, and costs for the surrogate mother. “People are so much healthier today,” said Dr. Philip Chenette, a reproductive endocrinologist at the Pacific Fertility Center in San Francisco. “I see    routinely mountain biking in Marin County, and if you keep a good diet and keep your weight down, you can do a lot of things with your body that you couldn’t do before. If your life expectancy is longer, why wouldn’t you want to fill that time with your kid?” Some fertility clinics have extended the age of the patients they will accept. The cutoff at Pacific Reproductive is 55 for women (The combined age for a couple is 110). There is none at the New York Fertility Institute, in Manhattan. “We’ve had patient’s first baby delivered to 57,” said Dr. Majid Fateh, the founder and medical director. Steve Klein, a family formation lawyer in San Diego, is also seeing older people coming through his doors. “As surrogacy has become more mainstream, people see it as a viable way to have a child, especially for people who are beyond the optimum reproductive ages,” he said. “They have money, they can provide a comfortable life, a private education. They can have nannies assist them, or one of them could be a    parent, and they’re older and wiser and more mature. They can be a better parent than if they were younger. ” Sometimes no one is more surprised by the desire to have a child in later life than the    . Merle Hoffman, the founder and chief executive of Choices Women’s Medical Center, in Queens, said she had never wanted children. “I saw myself leading troops into battle,” said Ms. Hoffman, now 70. “That didn’t allow for a maternal kind of orientation. ” She was so clear on her decision that she terminated a pregnancy at age 32. But when she was in her mid 50s, her husband of more than two decades died. The emptiness was palpable. “I had experienced many facets of love: sexual, devotional, parental from myself to my mother, the love of a cause. But I had never experienced what so many people experience as being the ultimate nonconditional love,” she said. “I wanted to experience what it was to love like that. ” At 58, Ms. Hoffman adopted a     girl from Russia. Friends greeted her with everything from shock to rage. “Some were like, ‘What are you, nuts? You’re too old! ’” she recalled. “Some were supportive. Others were thinking, ‘Well, where’s my position in her life going to be now? Because this child will be the most important person. ’” While some people worry about the daily logistics of having a child later in life, others worry about the ethics of it. Annie Worshoufsky MacAulay, 55, a nurse in Hartford, is planning to adopt a baby with her partner, Cindy. The couple has a    son, Nate. Ms. MacAulay has four adult children from a previous marriage. Although she feels strong and vibrant, she does have some reservations. “My mind tells me  —   oh, my God, am I going to be going to his graduation on a wheelchair? Will I be around? Will people think I’m his grandma? My mind and body have a constant struggle. ” Doctors and lawyers also grapple with the ethical considerations of having a    child. In 2013, the American Society of Reproductive Medicine revised its ethics committee report on oocyte or embryo donation to women of “advanced” age. “In view of the lack of data about maternal and fetal safety,” they concluded, “providing donor oocytes or embryos for transfer to any woman over 55 years of age, even when she has no underlying medical problems, should be discouraged. ” The risk of complications increases dramatically after 55, including   diabetes and high blood pressure. There are health risks from older fatherhood, too. Sperm from an older man, researchers say, puts children at an increased risk for autism, schizophrenia and dwarfism. While no one has yet advised men to freeze their sperm to save for a later date, “it’s not a terrible idea,” said Dr. Chenette. Apart from the ethical considerations, there are practical issues to take into account. “Some lawyers will say, ‘Morally, is that really in the best interest to the child to be doing this? ’” said Mr. Klein, who also runs a surrogacy center. “I say, ‘Do you have estate plans? Do you have people willing to step in as guardians? Do you have a support system in place for this child?’ A responsible lawyer will insist on this with their clients. ” (Mr. Campanella appointed friends to be his son’s guardian). For all the questions, advocates for older parents say they can provide something special for their children  —   and themselves. “My father was 50 years older than me,” said Dr. Fateh. “I was in my 20s when he died, but the few years I spent with him were the best in my life. He was loving, understanding  —   he was mature, he’d gone through life. ” In his observations, Dr. Fateh added, “older parents are really gentle with the kids and more understanding. ” “They’re in a state of life where financially they’re more comfortable,” he added. “They spend a lot of time with the kids. In your 30s, you’re working so hard you hardly see the kid. I don’t know a single old father who regrets it. ”",0
3342,"At NYT, “talented reporters scrambled to match stories with what internally was often called ‘the narrative.’” - The Unz Review","Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email => 
Former Washington Post film critic Stephen Hunter has a depiction of “The Narrative” in one of his novels. Now, here’s former New York Times entertainment industry reporter Michael Cieply with some interesting observations on The Narrative at the NYT . From Deadline : 
by Michael Cieply November 10, 2016 12:59pm 
It’s been a moment for soul-searching, and to some extent repentance, at the New York Times. In much-discussed remarks to his own media columnist James Rutenberg, executive editor Dean Baquet offered a mea culpa for having missed the Donald Trump surprise, though he spoke less for the paper than for journalists in general. “We’ve got to do a much better job of being on the road, out in the country, talking to different kinds of people than we talk to — especially if you happen to be a New York-based news organization — and remind ourselves that New York is not the real world,” Baquet said. 
… “As The Times begins a period of self-reflection, I hope its editors will think hard about the half of America the paper too seldom covers,” wrote Spayd. 
She continued: “The red state America campaign coverage that rang the loudest in news coverage grew out of Trump rallies, and it often amplified the voices of the most hateful. One especially compelling video produced with footage collected over months on the campaign trail, captured the ugly vitriol like few others. That’s important coverage. 
Or it’s intentionally misleading. 
But it and pieces like it drowned out the kind of agenda-free, deep narratives that could have taken Times readers deeper into the lives and values of the people who just elected the next president.” 
Having left the Times on July 25, after almost 12 years as an editor and correspondent, I missed the main heat of the presidential campaign; so I can’t add a word to those self-assessments of the recent political coverage. But these recent mornings-after leave me with some hard-earned thoughts about the Times’ drift from its moorings in the nation at-large. 
For starters, it’s important to accept that the New York Times has always — or at least for many decades — been a far more editor-driven, and self-conscious, publication than many of those with which it competes. Historically, the Los Angeles Times, where I worked twice, for instance, was a reporter-driven, bottom-up newspaper. Most editors wanted to know, every day, before the first morning meeting: “What are you hearing? What have you got?” 
It was a shock on arriving at the New York Times in 2004, as the paper’s movie editor, to realize that its editorial dynamic was essentially the reverse. By and large, talented reporters scrambled to match stories with what internally was often called “the narrative.” We were occasionally asked to map a narrative for our various beats a year in advance, square the plan with editors, then generate stories that fit the pre-designated line. 
Reality usually had a way of intervening. But I knew one senior reporter who would play solitaire on his computer in the mornings, waiting for his editors to come through with marching orders. Once, in the Los Angeles bureau, I listened to a visiting National staff reporter tell a contact, more or less: “My editor needs someone to say such-and-such, could you say that?” 
The bigger shock came on being told, at least twice, by Times editors who were describing the paper’s daily Page One meeting: “We set the agenda for the country in that room.” 
You can see this in agenda-driven stuff like World War T and the Military / Campus Rape Culture hysterics. These are not news, they are planned campaigns of psychological warfare. ",0
3343,President Trump Not Expected to Endorse Paul Ryan’s Obamacare-Lite Package in Congressional Address - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump is not expected to endorse the Obamacare fix proposed by Speaker Paul Ryan (R. .) in his first address to a joint session of Congress Tuesday evening, sources told Breitbart News. [A senior White House aide confirmed to Breitbart News that the president’s speech will highlight his promise to repeal and replace the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) but Trump will not endorse the Ryan plan or a modified version  —   known now on Capitol Hill as   or  .  Politico reported the White House Press Secretary told Republican officials that there will be no endorsement of an individual proposal: “He’s going to outline the broad contours,” Spicer said about health care, explaining the president would not embrace a specific plan. Instead, Trump will make a bipartisan pitch to encourage Democrats to work with Republicans on fixing Obamacare, building infrastructure and crafting an immigration reform bill. Central to the speaker’s proposal is a negative income tax, which gives tax credits for insurance premiums, whether or not the individual pays income taxes. Ryan‘s plan is strongly opposed by the House Freedom Caucus and Sen. Rand Paul (R. .) who seek more structural reforms to the health insurance industry. Members of the House Freedom Caucus and other Capitol Hill conservatives are livid with Ryan after he presented his own Obamacare fix as the official replacement for the PPACA. Many conservatives, such as Sen. Michael Lee (R. ) are pushing the idea that Obamacare should be repealed whether or not a replacement is in place. A senior Senate aide told Breitbart News not to expect the president to endorse any specific healthcare plan. Another White House source familiar with the drafting of the president’s speech told Breitbart News that Trump insists Congress must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a system that expands choice, increases access, and lowers costs. The president is also committed to protecting Americans with   conditions who must have coverage and giving governors the flexibility and resources they need to ensure no one slips through the cracks, the source said. As these speeches go, there is often   into the teleprompter as a president is delivering the address to Congress. Breitbart Political Editor Matthew Boyle contributed to this report.",0
3344,Armenian genocide concert in Istanbul cancelled after reports of Erdogan being invited,"Armenian genocide concert in Istanbul cancelled after reports of Erdogan being invited Published time: 26 Oct, 2016 18:31 Edited time: 26 Oct, 2016 18:46 Get short URL Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan. © Murad Sezer / Reuters A concert in Istanbul by the Dresden Orchestra to mark the 1915 genocide of Armenians by the Ottomans has been cancelled by Germany. That follows reports that the musicians sent out invitations to the Turkish President and his top aides. 
The concert, run by the renowned Dresden Symphony Orchestra, was scheduled to take place on November 13 in the German consulate in Istanbul. Read more German parliament acknowledges Armenian genocide amid intense Turkish pressure 
Called ‘Aghet’ or ‘catastrophe’ in Armenian, the performance was to commemorate the victims of the 1915 massacre that left around 1.5 million Armenians dead and hundreds of thousands forced to flee. 
Turkish President Recep Erdogan was personally invited to attend the event by the orchestra, along with other top Turkish politicians, including Prime Minister Binali Yildirim and Foreign Minister Melvut Cavusoglu, German T-Online news outlet reports , citing DPA news agency, which gained access to copies of the invitations. 
The invitations were made despite Erdogan taking a hard stance against Germany’s recognition of the Armenian genocide – even threatening Germany with some “response measures.” 
The concert was cancelled by Berlin. On Wednesday, the German Foreign Office said that “the premises in the Istanbul consulate are not available on November 13th,” according to Deutsche Welle. 
Later in the day, orchestra director Markus Rindt said he received notification from the ministry with nearly the same content. 
“It’s definitely been canceled. They said they wanted to reschedule at a better time, but when would that be? This has been planned for years,” Rindt told Reuters. 
The piece by the Dresden Symphony Orchestra includes musicians from Turkey, Armenia, Germany, and the former Yugoslavia. It premiered last year in Berlin with additional performances scheduled in Belgrade on November 5 and in the Armenian capital of Yerevan on November 10. Read more Germany says Armenia genocide resolution ‘non-binding’ after reports Berlin keen to ‘satisfy’ Turkey 
The ‘Aghet’ has become one of several stumbling blocks in troubled Turkey-Germany relations. In April, the Turkish ambassador to the EU demanded that the bloc stop funding the project which received initial support from the European Commission’s Executive Agency for Education, Audiovisual and Culture. 
On June 2, 2016, the German parliament almost unanimously passed a symbolic resolution recognizing the 1915 massacre of Armenians by Ottoman Turkish forces as ‘genocide.’ The move was praised by Armenia and sharply criticized by Turkey, which even tried to pressure Germany ahead of the vote. 
Following the move, Ankara recalled its ambassador to Germany, while Erdogan said that the government would discuss response measures. 
The mass killings began on April 24, 1915, when 250 Armenian intellectuals were detained by Ottoman authorities and later executed in Constantinople, present-day Istanbul. Most of the Ottoman Empire’s Armenians were then displaced, deported, or placed in concentration camps on the pretext of rebelling and siding with Russia in World War I. Up to 1.5 million Armenians were affected by these measures. 
Turkey, the successor of the Ottoman Empire, concedes that many Armenians were mistreated at the time, but maintains that the number of victims has been grossly exaggerated.",0
3345,Turkey’s Erdogan Tells EU to ’Forget About’ Migrant Deal After Dutch Row - Breitbart,"ANKARA, Turkey (AP)  —   Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatened on Thursday to scrap a deal with the European Union to readmit migrants who have crossed illegally into Europe, amid a standoff with European nations over their reluctance to allow Turkish ministers to hold campaign rallies in their countries. [In a feisty campaign speech in northwest Turkey, Erdogan said the EU could “forget about” the deal, in which Ankara agreed to readmit migrants that had reached Greece illegally via Turkey  —   a key transit country for tens of thousands trying to flee fighting and poverty and enter Europe. In return, the EU was to grant Turkish citizens the right to travel to many European countries  .  The comments were the latest in Turkey’s bitter diplomatic spat with Germany and the Netherlands, which last week prevented two Turkish ministers from addressing Turkish citizens in Rotterdam in the   to a referendum on constitutional reforms that would increase Erdogan’s powers. One minister was escorted out to the country, while the other was denied permission to land. Some German authorities have also blocked appearances by Turkish ministers trying to attend similar rallies. On Thursday, Erdogan reiterated angry criticism of the ban. He also accused the EU of not sticking to a promise to grant Turkish nationals the right to travel   in Europe. “Now they’re talking about the readmission agreement. What readmission? Forget about it,” he said, referring to the migrant deal. The agreement, which was initially reached in 2013, was revived last year, when Turkey agreed to help keep migrants from crossing into the EU in return for funds to help it deal with some 3 million refugees. “You bar my minister from entering the Netherlands   …     and then you expect us to grant access (to migrants)? There can be no such thing,” he added. In Greece, officials did not immediately react to Erdogan’s comments. But responding to a similar threat by Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu earlier, Greece’s deputy defense minister said it was unclear whether Turkey was really proposing to end the deal. “The refugee issue is a matter of international law, international solidarity and a humanitarian concern,” Dimitris Vitsas told the private Alpha radio Thursday. “When it is used at a level of rhetoric, and much more at a practical level, as a negotiating weapon, then we are no longer talking about the refugee issue. ” “But I must point out that many things are being said right now ahead of the forthcoming referendum in Turkey,” he added. Erdogan also sharply criticized a European court ruling in favor of curbs on wearing Islamic headscarves, renewed accusations of “ ” against the Netherlands, and remarked that the Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte had lost Turkey’s friendship despite winning elections there. “What happened to your freedom to faith and religion,” Erdogan said. “They have started a ( ) war. There can be no other explanation. I say this very openly, Europe is heading toward its   War II days. ” Erdogan ruled out any possibility of reconciliation with a new Dutch government to be headed by Rutte. “Oh Rutte, you may have come out (of the elections) as the first party, but you should know that you have lost a friend like Turkey,” he said. Meanwhile, Chancellor Angela Merkel’s office said the German leader discussed the tensions between EU nations and Turkey with French President Francois Hollande in a phone call Thursday. The two reiterated that Erdogan’s insulting comments about Germany and other European countries  —   including “Nazi” comparisons  —   were unacceptable. Hollande stressed France’s solidarity with Germany and other EU partners that Turkey has assailed, a German government statement said. The two leaders agreed that appearances by Turkish politicians in Germany and France can be approved  —   but only if they are “registered in good time and transparently, and adhere strictly to German or French law. ”",0
3346,Michelle and George: The Embrace Seen Around the World - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Maybe it was the unexpected warmth of the gesture, the sheer enveloping display of affection. Maybe it was his response, the beatific expression on his face, eyes almost closed, head tilted toward her shoulder. Maybe it was the moment: tenderness at a time when presidential politics has become a festival of cruelty. But when Michelle Obama hugged former President George W. Bush on Saturday, at a ceremony to open the National Museum of African American History and Culture, the image quickly took flight online. However one chose to interpret it  —   and overinterpretation is a hazard in such exercises  —   it became an instant metaphor. Some saw the lost virtue of civility in politics others, the unlikely friendships that blossom at the rarefied heights of public life. To critics on the left, it was a shameful case of political amnesia by the wife of a president who spent years cleaning up the mess left by his predecessor. Mrs. Obama and Mr. Bush have had a few such memorable moments. In July in Dallas at a memorial service for five police officers killed by an Army veteran, the two held hands while singing “The Battle Hymn of the Republic. ” When Mr. Bush began swaying to the music, Mrs. Obama gamely let him swing her arm back and forth. At one point, as the choir sang “glory, glory hallelujah,” he turned to her in a burst of enthusiasm, causing the first lady to crack up, despite the solemnity of the occasion. In June 2012, when Mr. Bush returned to the White House for the unveiling of his official portrait, he aimed a few wisecracks at President Obama. But he saved his best material for Mrs. Obama, reminding her that when British soldiers set fire to the White House in 1814, another first lady, Dolley Madison, rescued the portrait of the first George W.  —   as in Washington. “Now, Michelle,” he said, gesturing to his own painting, “if anything happens, there’s your man. ” Some of these encounters are explained by proximity. When the Obamas and the Bushes appear in public together, protocol dictates that Mrs. Obama stand next to Mr. Bush. Some of it is a function of the former president’s playful manner, which by all accounts has become more playful in his retirement. But some of it also has to do with the relationship between the couples, which current and former officials say has deepened over the past seven and a half years, both because of the shared bond of living in the White House and because of Mr. Bush’s decorum as an  . “President Bush was very gracious to us during the transition, and he has been unfailingly gracious and respectful since,” said David Axelrod, a former adviser to Mr. Obama. He recalled the president telling him that the Bushes “had taught him lessons in how to be a former president. ” Mr. Bush has studiously avoided criticizing Mr. Obama or his policies. And Mr. Bush has lent his presence to occasions that meant a lot to the president, like the 50th anniversary of the civil rights march in Selma, Ala. when Mr. Obama delivered what some believe was the finest speech of his presidency, on race relations in the United States. Mrs. Obama sat next to Mr. Bush on that day, too, frequently leaning over to talk or share a laugh with him. Mrs. Obama’s rapport with Laura Bush is less playful, but Mrs. Obama’s aides say it is no less genuine. In early 2009, Mrs. Bush invited Mrs. Obama to visit the White House with her daughters, Malia and Sasha, for a private tour before her husband’s inauguration. Mrs. Bush’s daughters, Barbara and Jenna, showed the girls their new home, including good hiding places and banisters made for sliding. The two first ladies have appeared together regularly since, including this month at a conference at the National Archives to promote support for families of service members. In 2013, in Tanzania, Mrs. Obama and Mrs. Bush bonded during a conference on education for women and girls. “I like this woman,” the first lady said of Mrs. Bush. Mrs. Obama added that “it’s hard to find people who know what you’re going through, who understand the burdens and the fears and the challenges. ” “It’s sort of a club,” Mrs. Bush replied. “A sorority, I guess. ” The fraternity of presidents is well documented, though some members are closer than others. Bill Clinton and George H. W. Bush became famously chummy, with Mr. Bush inviting the man who defeated him to the family compound in Kennebunkport, Me. to “play golf, spend the night” and “hurdle the waves at breakneck speed,” according to the book “The President’s Club,” by Nancy Gibbs and Michael Duffy. Mr. Clinton’s relationship with Mr. Obama took longer to thaw, largely as a consequence of the bitter 2008 primary race between Mr. Obama and Hillary Clinton. There were a few golf games, an   lunch at an Italian restaurant in Greenwich Village, and, above all, Mr. Clinton’s memorable speech at the Democratic National Convention in 2012 defending the president’s economic record, after which Mr. Obama took to calling Mr. Clinton his “secretary of explaining stuff. ” Now, Mr. Obama is campaigning vigorously for Mrs. Clinton to succeed him, cementing the political alliance between them. Paradoxically, Mr. Obama’s relationship with the younger Mr. Bush has always seemed less complicated. Though Mr. Obama ran on his opposition to the war in Iraq  —   and has never stopped deploring that war  —   he appears to have an easy rapport with his predecessor. After the ceremony at the museum on Saturday, Mr. Bush was trying to take a photograph of himself with a family, only to find he could not fit everyone in the frame. The solution? He tapped Mr. Obama on the back, handed him the phone, and asked him to take the picture. As Mr. Obama was wrapping up his speech, he could not resist a gentle poke at his predecessor, who is known for his restlessness, laying odds on the length of his own remarks. “Enough talk,” Mr. Obama said. “President Bush was timing me. He had the   at 25” minutes.",0
3347,Donald Trump STOPS FUNDRAISING For Republican National Committee,"Pinterest 
Donald Trump has ended all campaigning and fundraising events meant to help the Republican party and their get-out-the-vote campaign in the final two weeks. 
Aides to the GOP candidate told Fox News that “Trump Victory,” the fundraising committee for the campaign and the party, held its last fundraiser on Oct. 19 – and that was the last one. 
The move cuts off a key financial source for Republican candidates hoping to retain control of both the House and the Senate, Fox News is reporting . 
“We’ve kind of wound down,” Trump’s finance chairman Steven Mnuchin said. “But the online fundraising continues to be strong.” 
By contrast, The Washington Post is reporting that the Clinton campaign has held no fewer than 41 fundraising events between now and election day . 
Mnuchin said that Trump was focusing on making a final pitch to voters at events and rallies rather than directly soliciting for money. 
“We have minimized his fundraising schedule over the last month to emphasize his focus on political [events],” Mnuchin said of the candidate. “Unlike Hillary, who has been fundraising and not out and about, he has constantly been out and about.” 
The Post reports the RNC has collected about $40 million from “Trump Victory” since Sept. 30. 
RNC spokeswoman Lindsay Walters said the organization “[continues] to fundraise for the entire GOP ticket.” 
Meanwhile, Politico reported Tuesday that the Senate Leadership Fund, a Super PAC with ties to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., was putting $25 million into seven Senate races deemed crucial in determining the balance of power on Capitol Hill. 
The Trump campaign has largely written off the GOP establishment for much support, and it appears this is a little bit of “payback.” Trump has said he doesn’t need the party to win, and if the polls are any indication, he might be right. The IBD poll – often considered the most reliable presidential poll in the country, shows Donald Trump up by two percentage points nationwide.",0
3348,Federal Judge Curbs Enforcement of North Carolina Transgender Access Law - The New York Times,"A federal judge on Friday curbed the enforcement of a North Carolina law that restricted restroom access for transgender people. The ruling was the first judicial rebuke of a statute that has been condemned as discriminatory and, with lawsuit after lawsuit, has deepened the national debate about transgender rights. In an   decision that was restrained in its scope, Judge Thomas D. Schroeder of Federal District Court in   N. C. limited the University of North Carolina’s power to enforce the section of the law that requires people in publicly owned buildings to use restrooms that correspond with the gender listed on their birth certificates. The judge’s decision applies only to the people who brought the legal challenge, and it came after he concluded that they had shown they were “likely to succeed” in ultimately proving that the access restriction violates the federal government’s interpretation of Title IX, which forbids sex discrimination. “In sum, the court has no reason to believe that an injunction returning to the state of affairs as it existed before March 2016 would pose a privacy or safety risk for North Carolinians, transgender or otherwise,” Judge Schroeder wrote in his opinion, which he issued nearly four weeks after he heard oral arguments in  . “It is in the public interest to enforce federal   laws in a fashion that also maintains longstanding state laws designed to promote privacy and safety. ” Judge Schroeder, whom President George W. Bush nominated to the federal bench, did not impose a wholesale injunction against the law. He said that the plaintiffs had “not made a clear showing” that they would prevail in their argument that the statute violates the Constitution’s guarantee of equal protection. But his ruling is still a milestone victory for critics of the measure, commonly referred to as House Bill 2, and a blow to many Republican leaders in North Carolina, who have championed the statute as crucial to public safety. “Today is a great day for me, and hopefully this is a start to chipping away at the injustice of H. B. 2 that is harming thousands of other transgender people who call people home,” Joaquín Carcaño, a transgender man who is a plaintiff in the case and a University of North Carolina employee, said in a statement. “Today, the tightness that I have felt in my chest every day since H. B. 2 passed has eased. But the fight is not over: We won’t rest until this discriminatory law is defeated. ” The University of North Carolina said in a statement Friday night that its lawyers were reviewing the ruling and that the   system “will fully comply with its directive. ” The statement continued: “We have long said that the university has not and will not be taking steps to enforce H. B. 2. ” A lawyer for Gov. Pat McCrory, Bob Stephens, said in a statement that the decision “is not a final resolution of this case, and the governor will continue to defend North Carolina law. ” Separately, the General Assembly’s ranking Republicans noted the narrow nature of Judge Schroeder’s ruling. “While the court granted a limited injunction for three individuals, we are pleased it preserved the   protections to keep grown men out of bathrooms and showers with women and young girls for our public schools and for nearly 10 million North Carolinians statewide,” House Speaker Tim Moore and Phil Berger, the president pro tempore of the State Senate, said in a joint statement. Mr. McCrory, who signed H. B. 2 into law, and others have spent months arguing that the statute, which the   General Assembly approved during a special session, is free of discriminatory intent. But they have struggled to persuade civil rights activists and major businesses, and the state has endured an enormous backlash. Last month, the National Basketball Association protested the law by abandoning plans to hold its 2017   Game in Charlotte, the state’s largest city. The law has emerged in a flash point this election year, as Mr. McCrory seeks a second term, but its fate will not be settled until long after ballots are cast and counted. A bench trial about the law, the subject of intense litigation brought by civil rights groups, North Carolina officials and the United States Department of Justice, is scheduled for Nov. 14. Judge Schroeder will preside.",0
3349,Report: Netflix Now Has More Paid Subscribers than Cable TV,"Online streaming service Netflix now counts more paid subscribers than the largest American cable television providers put together, a report has revealed. [According to the Daily Mail, a study conducted by the Leichtman Research Group has found that in the first quarter of 2017, Netflix had 50. 9 million paying subscribers, compared to 48. 6 million subscribers to America’s largest cable providers, which together comprise approximately 95 percent of the market.  Since 2012, subscriptions to cable television have reportedly fallen from 52. 6 million to 48. 6 million, while Netflix subscriptions have more than doubled in the same time period, from 23. 4 million to 50. 85 million. “The   market lost about 410, 000 subscribers in the first quarter of 2017. This marked the first time that the industry has ever had net subscriber losses in the first quarter of a year,” Bruce Leichtman, principal analyst at the Leichtman Research Group, told the Daily Mail. The shift toward streaming comes amidst rising prices for cable television, with some packages costing upwards of $200 per month. Meanwhile, Netflix has consolidated its customer base with the release of popular exclusive series such as Orange is the New Black, House of Cards and 13 Reasons Why. The streaming giant has also shelled out gigantic sums to acquire buzzy,   films, including the Brad   War Machine and the Will Smith   thriller Bright. Netflix reportedly spent $90 million to acquire the latter film, which is directed by End of Watch and Suicide Squad helmer David Ayer. Currently, 9 out of the 10 most   online television series are reportedly produced by Netflix, while one is produced by the streaming service Hulu. Earlier this week, The Hollywood Reporter reported that Facebook is considering entering the online streaming market, with plans to revive the series MTV Loosely Exactly Nicole, which was canceled after one season for low ratings.   You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
3350,Maher: It Looks Like Russia ’Installed’ ’Trump and His Crime Family’ ’To Loot and Destroy America - Breitbart,"During an interview with author, “Stone Cold Truth” host, and Trump adviser Roger Stone Jr. on Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time with Bill Maher,” host and comedian Bill Maher argued that it appears that President Donald Trump “and his crime family” were “installed” by the Russians “to loot and destroy” the United States of America.  Maher said, “It looks like Donald Trump and his crime family were installed by Russia to loot and destroy America. ” Maher also asked Stone if it bothered him that “we’re so in touch with the Evil Empire these days?” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
3351,Why We Always Get Screwed: Calculations Show “Society Too Complex to Have A President”,"
This article was written by Alice Salles and originally published at The Anti-Media.org . 
Editor’s Comment: Is it really any wonder that the most dangerous leaders in society, and their cadre of supporters, are always urging everyone to vote? Democracy has been sanctified because of its symbolic indication that the will and the voice of the people is being considered. Grand sweeping sentiments, “democracy,” the “American way” and so forth. But perhaps it is a model that never could live up to the needs of society… if voting just means picking the personality of your dictator, then there is noting to vote for. 
Not sure all the things asserted in this article should be implemented either, but it is worth keeping mind that the population and size of the societies that first instituted democracy in Ancient Greece, etc. have little in common with the easily divided, multi-dimensional population base in the United States – with a whopping 315,000,000+ people being represented by 1-of-2 presidential candidates, and 535 people in Congress. 
The most populous state in the U.S., California, is represented by 2 Senators – at a ratio of about 1 to 19 million, and each of its 53 representatives in Congress theoretically represent the views of more than 700,000 people. In Wyoming, the least populous U.S. state, 1 House member represents about a half million people, and each of their 2 senators represent about 232,00o people. Anyway you slice it, no matter what system or values you believe in, that’s a lot of people being represented by a very few… and almost none of those representatives are able to resist corruption, avoid tainted lobbyist money or uphold their promises to voters. So you tell me what the solution is? 
Mathematicians Prove Society is Way Too Complex to Have A President 
by Alice Salles
Mathematics, a report published by Vice ’s Motherboard prior to Election Day suggests, proves society is so complex that democracies have been rendered irrelevant.
According to a study carried out by mathematicians at the New England Complex Systems Institute (NECSI), it is difficult for government entities or single individuals to debate what these mathematicians call “social policy” if the goal is to find something that works for everyone. Once we consider that members of any society are simply too complex, the study suggests, we are able to understand that the systems of government currently available fail to meet our expectations.
While the implications of this complexity are myriad, one of the issues more broadly discussed in the study revolves around government’s own inability to address this complexity, no matter how you slice it.
“ [T]he concept of civilization as a complex organism ,” mathematicians concluded , “ is qualitatively different than either [democracy or communism] .”
Why Complexity Matters 
According to NECSI’s director, Yaneer Bar-Yam, “ [t]here’s a natural process of increasing complexity in the world ” that at some point will “ run into the complexity of the individual .” Once we reach that point, Bar-Yam added, “ hierarchical organizations will fail .”
Bar-Yam’s team seems to have learned that concentrating the power to organize society in the hands of a few individuals is absurd. After all, optimal decisions targeting society cannot be made by a group of individuals detached from it. This is precisely because issues are better dealt with by those who are affected by it.
“ We were raised to believe that democracy, and even the democracy that we have, is a system that has somehow inherent good to it ,” Bar-Yam told Motherboard . But democracies alone are not the only problem, he added. All hierarchical organizations fail “ [to respond] to decision-making challenges. And this is true whether we’re talking about dictatorships, or communism that had very centralized control processes, and for representative democracies today. ”
Because representative democracies “ focus power in one or few individuals ,” Bar-Yam concluded , “ those systems [are] ineffective .”
Human Complexity, ‘Human Action,’ and How They Relate 
While this analysis may sound like common sense, it becomes increasingly interesting as researchers discuss a more nuclear element of this complexity: the individual.
“ An individual human is made up of atoms, which make up cells, which make up organs, and so on ,” writes Jason Koebler of Motherboard . “ Describing the behavior of each individual atom is incredibly difficult ,” he added. But describing “ collective behaviors ,” Koebler added, “ [is] inherently more ‘simple’ than individual ones, … Describing the behavior of atoms is more complex than describing the collective behavior of the many atoms that make up a human being .” With this analogy, Koebler adds that “ [p]redicting the specific behavior of a car factory worker in his day to day life is much harder than predicting that he and a collective of other people will produce cars at the factory .”
Because a “ control hierarchy is designed to enable a single individual to control the collective behavior ,” governments are not the answer. Instead, Bar-Yam explained , “ coordination occurs because individuals influence each other’s’ behavior .”
Government, then, is an “ attempt to organize the behavior of many individually complex humans into something simpler and more coherent ,” Koebler observes — and it’s incredibly bad at it.
Despite the incredible “discoveries” made by Bar-Yam and his team of mathematicians, the complexity of human individuality has already been deeply explored in the past.
Praxeology is the study of purposeful behavior , or “human action.”
In 1949, economist Ludwig von Mises wrote a treatise on this scientific study, simply naming it Human Action . In his book, Mises argues that the individual acts in order to achieve an end he or she subjectively values, making human action an intentional act. While not all human behavior is purposeful, praxeology’s core axiom is that human beings exist and act for a reason. In other words :
“Action is will put into operation and transformed into an agency, is aiming at ends and goals, is the ego’s meaningful response to stimuli and to the conditions of its environment, is a person’s conscious adjustment to the state of the universe that determines his life.” 
Because action is speculative, Mises adds , outsiders are incapable of knowing what will happen. And while natural sciences are capable of predicting the results of specific actions, the future cannot be predicted as a whole.
Whether you’re looking at a group of people with common traits or an event that has similar elements from other events of the past, Mises explains , decisions are always made with incomplete knowledge. Since economics deals with the action of humans attempting to satisfy their desires through the exchange of goods and services — making this social science a study in human action — we can safely say Mises understood human complexity long before Bar-Yam discussed this growing problem with Motherboard .
Despite what many think of nowadays when discussing liberalism , Mises explains in his book that the “ social philosophy of eighteenth-century [known then as] rationalism and liberalism … does not resort to any miraculous interference of superhuman powers .”
Instead, Mises writes in another book, Epistemological Problems of Economics , classical liberalism hopes to “lead to lasting well-being [for all] ” by never resorting to government intervention of any kind.
After all, Mises writes in Human Action , government always “ means … coercion and compulsion and is by necessity the opposite of liberty .”
Combining his insight with what mathematicians have now proven, it’s safe to say societies rely on individuals to succeed. When governments act on behalf of society, groups of individuals in power may believe they know the answers to society’s problems. But acting without firsthand knowledge means acting without the goals of every single individual in mind.
As Bar-Yam concluded in his study, complexities make it difficult for centralized governments to act efficiently. And Mises agreed with that conclusion over 60 years ago. But Mises also offered a very different solution.
While Bar-Yam wants to see a “ more laterally-organized system of governance in which tons of small teams specialize in certain policies, and then those teams work together to ultimately make decisions ,” Mises argues for the absence of government interference, leaving all decisions to society.
As the majority of Americans get tired of politics, choosing not to vote in record numbers and allowing the minority to pick the commander-in-chief , it’s clear that Americans understand — even if subconsciously — that picking leaders doesn’t matter.
Living life as an individual and being allowed to navigate its risks and successes without government interference, on the other hand, does.
This article was written by Alice Salles and originally published at The Anti-Media.org . ",0
3352,Review: ‘Café Society’ Isn’t Woody Allen’s Worst Movie - The New York Times,"“Café Society,” Woody Allen’s new movie, comes wrapped in a double layer of nostalgia. Set in the 1930s, partly in Los Angeles, its script compulsively mentions Hollywood stars of the era. Joan Blondell! Robert Taylor! Barbara Stanwyck! Cagney and Crawford! Astaire and Rogers! Their names ring out like answers to trivia questions nobody had thought to ask. At a recent New York critics’ screening, one fellow a few rows behind me chuckled at every name. I don’t think because the allusions were especially funny  —   the sentence “Adolphe Menjou is threatening to walk off the set” is not exactly a   even in context  —   but because they signified a cultural awareness that the laugher in the dark wanted the rest of us to know he shared. And also perhaps because the dropped names stood in for jokes that the modern audience is too ignorant to get and that Mr. Allen has grown too lazy to make. He can gaze back fondly at the   golden age of   popular culture, and the rest of us can wistfully recall a time when he was able to spin those memories into better films than this one. There’s no point in growing  . “Café Society” is not “Radio Days” or “Bullets Over Broadway. ” We can live with that. I’m happy to report that it’s not “The Curse of the Jade Scorpion” or “Magic in the Moonlight,” either. Which is to say that it’s neither another example of bad, late Woody Allen nor much in the way of a return to form. It is, overall, an amusing little picture, with some inspired moments and some sour notes, a handful of interesting performances and the hint, now and then, of an idea. Like most of Mr. Allen’s recent work, this movie takes place within the hermetically enclosed universe of its maker’s   preoccupations. Rather than find fresh themes or problems, he likes to rearrange the old ones into a newish pattern, emphasizing some elements and letting others drift into the background. Here the dominant conceit is Mr. Allen’s   ambivalence about California and the industry that has often seemed ambivalent about him. He loves movies, but Hollywood, with its shallowness and gossip, has always repelled him. But with the help of his gifted collaborators, the production designer Santo Loquasto and the cinematographer Vittorio Storaro, he bathes “the film colony” in golden light and swathes its denizens in lovely period clothes. He sends an ambitious Bronx boy, Bobby Dorfman (Jesse Eisenberg) out West to seek his fortune. At first   by his Uncle Phil (Steve Carell) a powerful agent, Bobby is eventually taken under Phil’s wing and plunged into a swirl of parties and power lunches. He’s suitably intoxicated by his new surroundings. “I’ve never mixed Champagne with bagels and lox,” he says. “Welcome to Hollywood,” someone replies. That’s not a bad line, and there are some other pretty good ones sprinkled throughout the sprawling script. Bobby’s bickering parents, played by Jeannie Berlin and Ken Stott, supply a few   laughs, as well as the requisite touch of metaphysical fatalism. (“I accept death, but under protest,” Dad says. “Protest to who?” Mom responds. Also not a bad line.) The ensemble is larger and the story looser than in Mr. Allen’s last few movies, making room for Corey Stoll’s relaxed turn as Bobby’s charismatic gangster brother and Parker Posey and Paul Schneider’s intriguing double act as a cynical and apparently happily married pair of bicoastal sophisticates. The axis on which everything turns is an   love triangle that includes, of course, the passion of an older man for a younger woman. It turns out that Bobby and Phil are both in love with a transplanted Nebraskan called Vonnie (short for Veronica) who is Phil’s secretary. Kristen Stewart’s performance in the role, which blends gravity and lightness, glamour and its opposite, is certainly the best part of “Café Society,” but it also exposes just how thin and tired the rest of the movie is. Mr. Allen’s literal voice, which supplies narration, sounds unusually sluggish and weary. The same is true of his voice as a writer and director. For every snappy scene or exchange there are three or four that feel baggy and  . We are treated to one survey of the clientele at the swanky Manhattan nightclub that is Bobby’s   professional perch and then, a while later, to another. We wander into jazz clubs and dining rooms and seem unsure of why we’ve come. Blake Lively, wandering into the movie’s second half as a second Veronica, seems to feel the same way. The movie seems much longer than its 96 minutes. Every once in a while we hear or see something that makes us cringe a little: a harsh, unfunny encounter between Bobby and a prostitute shortly after his arrival in Los Angeles an anecdote about Errol Flynn’s sexual interest in underage girls. It’s hard to say if Mr. Allen is testing the audience’s tolerance or trolling our sensitivities, or for that matter if he’s just blithely carrying on as he always has, oblivious to changing mores or the vicissitudes of his own reputation. It doesn’t really matter because “Café Society” ultimately poses no interesting questions about its maker or its characters. The movie most closely resembles the kind of Hollywood product for which its deepest nostalgia is reserved. It’s a   throwaway, a charming bit of trivia, the punch line to a   joke. “Café Society” is rated   (Parents strongly cautioned). Surprisingly bloody murders and surprisingly bloodless romance. Running time: 1 hour 36 minutes. ",0
3353,When Bathroom Runs Rule the Day (and Night) - The New York Times,"I have only one regret about not having been born a male, and it concerns plumbing, namely how easy it is for men to eliminate liquid waste, whether by avoiding long bathroom lines or being able to relieve themselves discreetly when no facility is available. My male envy grew after I contracted poison ivy on unmentionable parts when nature called during a hike in the woods. Urination has long been a vexing problem for women. In a recent online questionnaire of 1, 666 women age 18 and older living in the 50 states (conducted for Astellas Pharma U. S. which makes drugs for bladder control) 87 percent admitted to peeing somewhere other than in a bathroom, and more than half said they’d used a men’s room when the women’s line was too long. Another tactic with which I can identify: 46 percent of those surveyed said they’d purchased something from a store or restaurant, and 25 percent posed as a hotel or restaurant guest, to gain access to a restroom. Now imagine the extent of distress among the approximately 51 million adults in this country with an overactive bladder, who face frequent, sudden urges to urinate, or who have urinary incontinence and cannot delay urination when an urge occurs. Those with an overactive bladder usually must urinate eight or more times a day, often awakening two or more times a night to use the bathroom. (Still others are plagued with stress incontinence they leak urine involuntarily when they cough, sneeze, laugh or exert themselves physically.) Of course, women are not the only ones with   urinary concerns. Men are susceptible to many of the same conditions that increase a woman’s risk of bladder problems, and older men who develop an enlarged prostate (60 percent of men in their 60s, rising to 90 percent by age 80) are especially at risk of urinary urgency and incontinence. The National Overactive Bladder Evaluation, a study that assessed the prevalence of this problem in the United States among 5, 204 representative adults, found in 2003 that it caused incontinence in 16 percent of men and 16. 9 percent of women. As disturbing as the symptoms of overactive bladder and urinary incontinence can be, Dr. Ekene Enemchukwu, a urologist at Stanford University Medical Center, told me that, on average, men wait four years and women wait six and a half years before consulting a doctor about difficulties in getting to the bathroom in time. Although the problem is more common among older adults, experts like Dr. Enemchukwu say it is not a normal part of aging. Rather, conditions that tend to develop later in life, including arthritis, dementia and Parkinson’s disease, and medications taken for disorders like high blood pressure, can make it more difficult to control the urge to urinate. Under normal circumstances, as the bladder fills, nerve signals sent to the brain gradually alert you to the need to urinate and typically give you enough time to find an appropriate facility before bladder muscles contract to release stored urine. Sometimes, however, a person’s bladder muscles start to contract involuntarily and create an urgent need to urinate. This can happen even when the bladder is not full, for example, when the bladder is irritated by excessive consumption of caffeine or alcohol or compressed by stored stool when a person is constipated. In men, the urethra, the tube that carries urine from the bladder, passes through the   prostate gland and can be squeezed when the gland enlarges. This can cause the wall of the bladder to thicken, making it overactive, or decrease the efficiency of contractions, keeping it from emptying completely and causing more frequent urges to urinate, Dr. Enemchukwu said. In women, pelvic organ prolapse may prevent complete bladder emptying when muscles that hold the bladder in place are weakened by childbirth or surgery. Even when an underlying disorder is not present, the risk of developing an overactive bladder increases with age for reasons medical science has yet to determine, the doctor said. However, she added, just because you’re getting older or your mother had the same problem doesn’t mean you have to put up with it. There is a host of remedies that diminish the risk and often eliminate it entirely. The American Urological Association says effective treatment should start with a thorough evaluation to help pinpoint the exact nature of the problem and factors that contribute to it. Before consulting a doctor, the Mayo Clinic recommends keeping a bladder diary for a few days, “recording when, how much and what kinds of fluids you consume, when you urinate, whether you feel an urge to urinate, and whether you experience incontinence. ” Also, make a list of the medications and supplements you take and be prepared to relate any and all underlying medical conditions, like diabetes, and prior pelvic surgeries. Possible tests include measuring the amount and speed of voiding and pressure in and around the bladder as it fills. If the doctor suspects incomplete emptying of the bladder, an ultrasound scan may be done to measure residual urine after you void. Whatever the cause, it is best to start with behavioral remedies, experts say. Strengthening pelvic floor muscles by regularly doing Kegel exercises, which may benefit both women and men, can reduce involuntary contraction of bladder muscles, though it can take up to two months to notice the benefit. If you are obese and have stress incontinence, losing weight may eliminate this problem. When, what and how much you drink is of major importance. Avoid caffeine, alcohol and artificial sweeteners, which can be bladder irritants. Consume most fluids earlier in the day, drinking little in the evening to reduce nighttime voiding needs. If incomplete bladder emptying may be a cause, try voiding twice: Wait a few minutes after urinating, then try again to empty your bladder. Many find it helpful to void on a schedule rather than wait for an irrepressible urge. For example, you might urinate every two to four hours at the same times each day. You might also try to gradually extend the time between voidings to increase your bladder’s capacity and ability to control an urge. There are also more than half a dozen medications that help to reduce urge incontinence. As with all drugs, they can have side effects, most commonly dry eyes and mouth and constipation. Severe cases of incontinence may be treated with injections of Botox to partially paralyze bladder muscles.",0
3354,"Turkish Artillery Strikes Syrian Army in Latakia, Syrian Air Force Strikes Turkish Military in Northern Aleppo","Symone Sanders, a former spokeswoman for the Bernie Sanders presidential campaign, said that nobody needs “white people leading the Democratic… Latest",0
3355,"John Pilger: Inside The Invisible Government: War, Propaganda, Clinton And Trump","John Pilger: Inside The Invisible Government: War, Propaganda, Clinton And Trump   
The American journalist, Edward Bernays, is often described as the man who invented modern propaganda. 
The nephew of Sigmund Freud, the pioneer of psycho-analysis, it was Bernays who coined the term “public relations” as a euphemism for spin and its deceptions. 
In 1929, he persuaded feminists to promote cigarettes for women by smoking in the New York Easter Parade – behaviour then considered outlandish. One feminist, Ruth Booth, declared, “Women! Light another torch of freedom! Fight another sex taboo!” 
Bernays’ influence extended far beyond advertising. His greatest success was his role in convincing the American public to join the slaughter of the First World War. The secret, he said, was “engineering the consent” of people in order to “control and regiment [them] according to our will without their knowing about it”. 
He described this as “the true ruling power in our society” and called it an “invisible government”. 
Freud had a cousin called Edward Bernays, who has since earned the title “father of Public Relations”. Bernays took Freud’s idea and applied it to consumers. If desire is our driving force, then appealing to emotions is the most powerful way to persuade consumers to act. The idea was to short circuit their rational conscious and get them where they were most vulnerable – the unconscious 
Today, the invisible government has never been more powerful and less understood. In my career as a journalist and film-maker, I have never known propaganda to insinuate our lives and as it does now and to go unchallenged. 
Imagine two cities. Both are under siege by the forces of the government of that country. Both cities are occupied by fanatics, who commit terrible atrocities, such as beheading people. But there is a vital difference. In one siege, the government soldiers are described as liberators by Western reporters embedded with them, who enthusiastically report their battles and air strikes. There are front page pictures of these heroic soldiers giving a V-sign for victory. There is scant mention of civilian casualties. 
In the second city – in another country nearby – almost exactly the same is happening. Government forces are laying siege to a city controlled by the same breed of fanatics. 
The difference is that these fanatics are supported, supplied and armed by “us”– by the United States and Britain. They even have a media centre that is funded by Britain and America. 
Another difference is that the government soldiers laying siege to this city are the bad guys, condemned for assaulting and bombing the city – which is exactly what the good soldiers do in the first city. 
Confusing? Not really. Such is the basic double standard that is the essence of propaganda. I am referring, of course, to the current siege of the city of Mosul by the government forces of Iraq, who are backed by the United States and Britain and to the siege of Aleppo by the government forces of Syria, backed by Russia. One is good; the other is bad. 
Iraq War as portrayed on two popular American news magazines. Terrorists and hero savours are typical propaganda images 
What is seldom reported is that both cities would not be occupied by fanatics and ravaged by war if Britain and the United States had not invaded Iraq in 2003. That criminal enterprise was launched on lies strikingly similar to the propaganda that now distorts our understanding of the civil war in Syria. 
Without this drumbeat of propaganda dressed up as news, the monstrous ISIS and Al-Qaida and al-Nusra and the rest of the jihadist gang might not exist, and the people of Syria might not be fighting for their lives today. 
Some may remember in 2003 a succession of BBC reporters turning to the camera and telling us that Blair was “vindicated” for what turned out to be the crime of the century. The US television networks produced the same validation for George W. Bush. Fox News brought on Henry Kissinger to effuse over Colin Powell’s fabrications.The same year, soon after the invasion, I filmed an interview in Washington with Charles Lewis, the renowned American investigative journalist. I asked him, “What would have happened if the freest media in the world had seriously challenged what turned out to be crude propaganda?” 
He replied that if journalists had done their job, “there is a very, very good chance we would not have gone to war in Iraq”. 
It was a shocking statement, and one supported by other famous journalists to whom I put the same question — Dan Rather of CBS, David Rose of the Observer and journalists and producers in the BBC, who wished to remain anonymous. 
In other words, had journalists done their job, had they challenged and investigated the propaganda instead of amplifying it, hundreds of thousands of men, women and children would be alive today, and there would be no ISIS and no siege of Aleppo or Mosul. 
There would have been no atrocity on the London Underground on 7th July 2005. There would have been no flight of millions of refugees; there would be no miserable camps. 
When the terrorist atrocity happened in Paris last November, President Francoise Hollande immediately sent planes to bomb Syria – and more terrorism followed, predictably, the product of Hollande’s bombast about France being “at war” and “showing no mercy”. That state violence and jihadist violence feed off each other is the truth that no national leader has the courage to speak. 
“When the truth is replaced by silence,” said the Soviet dissident Yevtushenko, “the silence is a lie.” 
The attack on Iraq, the attack on Libya, the attack on Syria happened because the leader in each of these countries was not a puppet of the West. The human rights record of a Saddam or a Gaddafi was irrelevant. They did not obey orders and surrender control of their country. 
The same fate awaited Slobodan Milosevic once he had refused to sign an “agreement” that demanded the occupation of Serbia and its conversion to a market economy. His people were bombed, and he was prosecuted in The Hague. Independence of this kind is intolerable. 
As WikLeaks has revealed, it was only when the Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad in 2009 rejected an oil pipeline, running through his country from Qatar to Europe, that he was attacked. 
From that moment, the CIA planned to destroy the government of Syria with jihadist fanatics – the same fanatics currently holding the people of Mosul and eastern Aleppo hostage. 
Why is this not news? The former British Foreign Office official Carne Ross, who was responsible for operating sanctions against Iraq, told me: “We would feed journalists factoids of sanitised intelligence, or we would freeze them out. That is how it worked.” 

Propaganda is most effective when our consent is engineered by those with a fine education – Oxford, Cambridge, Harvard, Columbia — and with careers on the BBC, the Guardian, the New York Times, the Washington Post. 
These organisations are known as the liberal media. They present themselves as enlightened, progressive tribunes of the moral zeitgeist. They are anti-racist, pro-feminist and pro-LGBT. 
And they love war. 
While they speak up for feminism, they support rapacious wars that deny the rights of countless women, including the right to life. 
Daily Mail 25 Oct 2011: reports that “A Libyan revolutionary fighter has bragged in a leaked video that he was the man who killed Colonel Muammar Gaddafi, that country’s despotic former ruler. The young man, who is pictured but has not yet been identified, said he killed the fallen dictator because he could not bear the thought of taking him alive.” 
In 2011, Libya, then a modern state, was destroyed on the pretext that Muammar Gaddafi was about to commit genocide on his own people. That was the incessant news; and there was no evidence. It was a lie. 
In fact, Britain, Europe and the United States wanted what they like to call “regime change” in Libya, the biggest oil producer in Africa. Gaddafi’s influence in the continent and, above all, his independence were intolerable. 
So he was murdered with a knife in his rear by fanatics, backed by America, Britain and France. Hillary Clinton cheered his gruesome death for the camera, declaring, “We came, we saw, he died!” 
The destruction of Libya was a media triumph. As the war drums were beaten, Jonathan Freedland wrote in the Guardian: “Though the risks are very real, the case for intervention remains strong.” 
Intervention – what a polite, benign, Guardian word, whose real meaning, for Libya, was death and destruction. 
According to its own records, Nato launched 9,700 “strike sorties” against Libya, of which more than a third were aimed at civilian targets. They included missiles with uranium warheads. Look at the photographs of the rubble of Misurata and Sirte, and the mass graves identified by the Red Cross. The Unicef report on the children killed says, “most [of them] under the age of ten”. 
As a direct consequence, Sirte became the capital of ISIS. Ukraine is another media triumph. Respectable liberal newspapers such as the New York Times, the Washington Post and the Guardian, and mainstream broadcasters such as the BBC, NBC, CBS, CNN have played a critical role in conditioning their viewers to accept a new and dangerous cold war. 
All have misrepresented events in Ukraine as a malign act by Russia when, in fact, the coup in Ukraine in 2014 was the work of the United States, aided by Germany and Nato. 
This inversion of reality is so pervasive that Washington’s military intimidation of Russia is not news; it is suppressed behind a smear and scare campaign of the kind I grew up with during the first cold war. Once again, the Ruskies are coming to get us, led by another Stalin, whom The Economist depicts as the devil. 
The suppression of the truth about Ukraine is one of the most complete news blackouts I can remember. The fascists who engineered the coup in Kiev are the same breed that backed the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941. Of all the scares about the rise of fascist anti-Semitism in Europe, no leader ever mentions the fascists in Ukraine – except Vladimir Putin, but he does not count. 
Many in the Western media have worked hard to present the ethnic Russian-speaking population of Ukraine as outsiders in their own country, as agents of Moscow, almost never as Ukrainians seeking a federation within Ukraine and as Ukrainian citizens resisting a foreign-orchestrated coup against their elected government. 
There is almost the joie d’esprit of a class reunion of warmongers. The drum-beaters of the Washington Post inciting war with Russia are the very same editorial writers who published the lie that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction. 
To most of us, the American presidential campaign is a media freak show, in which Donald Trump is the arch villain. But Trump is loathed by those with power in the United States for reasons that have little to do with his obnoxious behaviour and opinions. To the invisible government in Washington, the unpredictable Trump is an obstacle to America’s design for the 21st century. 
This is to maintain the dominance of the United States and to subjugate Russia, and, if possible, China. 
To the militarists in Washington, the real problem with Trump is that, in his lucid moments, he seems not to want a war with Russia; he wants to talk with the Russian president, not fight him; he says he wants to talk with the president of China. 
In the first debate with Hillary Clinton, Trump promised not to be the first to introduce nuclear weapons into a conflict. He said, “I would certainly not do first strike. Once the nuclear alternative happens, it’s over.” That was not news. 
Did he really mean it? Who knows? He often contradicts himself. But what is clear is that Trump is considered a serious threat to the status quo maintained by the vast national security machine that runs the United States, regardless of who is in the White House. 
Anti-Trump Boston Globe Sunday Edition Crosses the Line From News into Propaganda 
The CIA wants him beaten. The Pentagon wants him beaten. The media wants him beaten. Even his own party wants him beaten. He is a threat to the rulers of the world – unlike Clinton who has left no doubt she is prepared to go to war with nuclear-armed Russia and China. 
Clinton has the form, as she often boasts. Indeed, her record is proven. As a senator, she backed the bloodbath in Iraq. When she ran against Obama in 2008, she threatened to “totally obliterate” Iran. As Secretary of State, she colluded in the destruction of governments in Libya and Honduras and set in train the baiting of China. 
She has now pledged to support a No Fly Zone in Syria – a direct provocation for war with Russia. Clinton may well become the most dangerous president of the United States in my lifetime – a distinction for which the competition is fierce. 
Without a shred of evidence, she has accused Russia of supporting Trump and hacking her emails. Released by WikiLeaks, these emails tell us that what Clinton says in private, in speeches to the rich and powerful, is the opposite of what she says in public. 
That is why silencing and threatening Julian Assange is so important. As the editor of WikiLeaks, Assange knows the truth. And let me assure those who are concerned, he is well, and WikiLeaks is operating on all cylinders. 
Today, the greatest build-up of American-led forces since World War Two is under way – in the Caucasus and eastern Europe, on the border with Russia, and in Asia and the Pacific, where China is the target. 
Keep that in mind when the presidential election circus reaches its finale on November 8th, If the winner is Clinton, a Greek chorus of witless commentators will celebrate her coronation as a great step forward for women. None will mention Clinton’s victims: the women of Syria, the women of Iraq, the women of Libya. None will mention the civil defence drills being conducted in Russia. None will recall Edward Bernays’“torches of freedom”. 
George Bush’s press spokesman once called the media “complicit enablers”. 
Coming from a senior official in an administration whose lies, enabled by the media, caused such suffering, that description is a warning from history. 
In 1946, the Nuremberg Tribunal prosecutor said of the German media: “Before every major aggression, they initiated a press campaign calculated to weaken their victims and to prepare the German people psychologically for the attack. In the propaganda system, it was the daily press and the radio that were the most important weapons.” 

Follow John Pilger on twitter @johnpilger Share This Article...",0
3356,"K.T. McFarland, Deputy National Security Adviser, Is Expected to Leave Post - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   K. T. McFarland, the former Fox News commentator appointed by President Trump as deputy national security adviser, is expected to leave that position soon and may be nominated to be the United States ambassador to Singapore, according to officials briefed on the matter. Ms. McFarland’s departure had been seen as likely since the forced resignation of Michael T. Flynn, the retired   general who was Mr. Trump’s first national security adviser. Mr. Flynn’s successor, Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, has been moving to put a more traditionally professional stamp on the operations of the National Security Council. Last week, Mr. Trump signed an order restructuring the council’s “principals committee” along more traditional lines than the version he had initially put in place. It removed Stephen K. Bannon, the White House’s chief strategist and a former chairman of the conservative website Breitbart, while adding several officials Mr. Trump’s original order had left off, including the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the directors of national intelligence and the C. I. A. Administration officials briefed on the matter confirmed Ms. McFarland was stepping down, but said her departure would not be immediate. The officials also said her possible nomination for the ambassadorship to Singapore, while likely, had not been finalized. CNN reported on April 1 that Ms. McFarland was being offered the diplomatic post in Singapore, and Bloomberg News reported on Sunday that she had been asked to step down. Ms. McFarland’s style had grated against some of the professional staff members on the National Security Council, which sees itself as apolitical. For example, while addressing the staff at a meeting after Mr. Flynn’s ouster, Ms. McFarland noted that she was wearing shoes from Ivanka Trump’s brand, according to an official who was present. At an earlier meeting about two weeks into the administration, Ms. McFarland invoked Mr. Trump’s campaign slogan, telling the assembled group of career staff members, most of whom had been in the same roles during the Obama administration, that they needed to “make America great again. ” It was not clear whether Dina Powell, whom General McMaster brought in as deputy national security adviser for strategy, would succeed Ms. McFarland as the principal deputy. The official in that role leads interagency “deputies committee” meetings in the Situation Room involving the No. 2 officials from national security agencies and government departments. Ms. Powell, an assistant secretary of state for education and cultural affairs in the Bush administration, is fluent in Arabic and was previously the president of the Goldman Sachs Foundation. She was the only woman in the widely distributed photograph of Mr. Trump and his aides receiving a briefing about the recent airstrike on Syria at his resort in Florida. Ms. McFarland, 65, worked as an aide on the National Security Council in the Nixon and Ford administrations, and served as a Pentagon speechwriter and spokeswoman in the Reagan administration. In more recent years, she was known for her criticism on Fox News of President Barack Obama’s handling of national security policy. In September 2014, after the Islamic State swept out of Syria to conquer swaths of Iraq and killing two kidnapped Americans, she said on Fox News that Mr. Obama was guilty of “dereliction of duty” because he “was playing a lot of golf this summer, but he was clearly not attending to the defense of the United States. ” At the same meeting where Ms. McFarland told staff members to “make America great again,” Mr. Flynn talked to them about using their time at the council to gain experience to help them in other parts of the government. He then asked for a show of hands to see how many expected to be working at the White House in a year. Mr. Flynn, according to people present, then turned to Ms. McFarland and, in an apparent   joke, said, “I wonder if we’ll be here a year from now?”",0
3357,"FEAR OF TRUMP: BUSH, OBAMA, CLINTON ALL BUYING PROPERTY IN NON-EXTRADITION NATIONS","Email 

It appears Bill and Hillary Clinton are making plans to flee the country in the event Donald Trump wins this election. 
Reports are circulating that the Clintons have transferred 1.8 Billion dollars from the Clinton Foundation to the Qatar Central Bank, via a facilitation/abatement of JP Morgan Chase & Company for reasons not revealed. 
This move of such a large sum of money to the country of Qatar says in itself, Hillary Clinton knows she is going to lose the election, and she doesn’t plan to allow herself to be prosecuted for various high crimes and treason under a Trump Administration. 
The country of Qatar happens to be one of a handful of countries that does not have an extradition treaty with the United States, thus would be a perfect place for her to run to in escaping justice. 
Donald Trump has said many times during his campaign and at the Presidential debates that once he gets into office, he intends to prosecute her on various high crimes from her latest crimes of sending classified material via a personal e mail server. All the way to gun running to terrorist groups in Syria resulting in the deaths of 4 Americans in Benghazi. 
Apparently, Hillary is not the only person in Washington who has made plans to escape justice under a Trump Administration. John Kerry has quietly been selling his property in the US for millions of dollars of late, with an announcement of the sale of his $25 million dollar Nantucket mansion in June 2016, as well as the sale of his yacht for $3.9 million in July 2016. 
President Barack H Obama has also apparently been making exit plans with his purchase of a $4.9 million dollar seaside mansion in Dubai in January 2016, another non extradition country. 
Snopes and other supposed fact checking sites have debunked both the story of Obama’s purchase of the mansion and the firing of Rear Admiral Rick Williams. However, over the last several months, these sites have been busted for lying in trying to debunk such information as the before mentioned, when in fact the information is true. 
Snopes and other sites try their best to keep incriminating information from being believed, but the truth has a way of coming out on its own, as it always has.",0
3358,A Chinese Artist Consumed by the Idea of Inevitable Change - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   A trip to Sun Xun’s studio involved clambering  —   suitcase and all  —   onto the back of his friend’s moped in the dusty outskirts of this city. The scooter puttered through Heiqiaocun, or Black Bridge Village, before stopping at the vast industrial space used by Mr. Sun. The area is outside 798, the district that in the 2000s transformed a cluster of abandoned factories into one of Asia’s art hot spots. Black Bridge Village, for now, is right on the cusp of that gentrification. Pi Animation, which Mr. Sun founded in 2006 when he was a new graduate, is at once grungy and  . Upstairs, studio staff members used powerful computers to create two monumental works that took more than a year: “Mythological Time” (2016) a multimedia piece unveiled Nov. 4 at the Guggenheim Museum in New York, and “Reconstruction of the Universe,” a commission by the luxury watchmaker Audemars Piguet, which can be seen now at Art Basel Miami Beach. The Audemars project  —   a digital film made of tens of thousands of   woodblocks  —   used the work of more than 100 assistants, including students working  . It is being shown at a pavilion Mr. Sun planned for Miami Beach, with a swooping bamboo roof and short films projected onto glowing spheres. But, at least in his studio, Mr. Sun’s reality was a world away from international museums and beachside art fairs. With two major deadlines in front of him, he worked furiously, sitting on a sagging old sofa surrounded by overflowing ashtrays and empty beverage containers. There were no luxuries in his workspace  —   just a weight bench and a few stalls of squat toilets in the back. Mr. Sun, the son of factory workers, said there was no point in cleaning up. “A new   rail will be built right through my studio  —   not anyone else’s, mine,” he said wryly, thrusting two beefy arms out to show where the government planned to construct its next big project. He shrugged. “My studio will be destroyed, and I will move. ” Mr. Sun, 36, is preoccupied with the idea of inevitable change. The themes of time, impermanence and shifting views of history come up repeatedly in his work, which is filled with beautifully drawn Chinese dragons and tigers, as well as dystopian images like menacing Red Guards or factories belching   smoke. In his view, everything  —   the news on television, governments, art studios  —   is temporary. Even his studio is named for π, an “irrational number” that could be calculated for infinity without coming to a finite conclusion. Mr. Sun’s “Mythological Time” depicts his hometown, Fuxin in Liaoning, a frigid province wedged between North Korea and Inner Mongolia. It is part of the Guggenheim’s “Tales of our Time” exhibit featuring    artists from greater China. “It is a very, very, very poor   area,” Mr. Sun said of Fuxin. “It used to be important and had one of China’s biggest mines of its type, but not anymore. It’s almost like there is a ring around the northern part of the world  —   that goes through Fuxin, through parts of Russia, through parts of America  —   where coal has left people poor. ” Mr. Sun sometimes travels to Fuxin, where he sits outside with a pad of paper “to draw its factories, its mountains, its backyards. ” (Like a filial Chinese son, he helped move his family to a more temperate climate.) Xiaoyu Weng, a curator of Chinese art at the Guggenheim, explained how Mr. Sun used two   works to depict   Fuxin as just a blip over the course of millenniums. “It’s an animated history of his hometown, overlaid with mythological figures and animals,” Ms. Weng said by telephone from New York. “He imagines how coal mining was originally formed. ” “Sun Xun is unique among his generation of artists in that he has a very profound and complex interest in history,” Ms. Weng said. “He has the ability to take a Chinese issue and make it relevant to the global condition. He’s talking about changing landscapes, urban environments, energy sources  —   all controversial topics  —   and expressing it artistically. ” Mr. Sun seems to have little nostalgia for his hometown, but he is obsessed with his own family’s sad history, especially because the family’s own telling of it is so different from the history he was taught in school. “The story of my family is the story of China over the past 100 years,” he said. Mr. Sun comes from a military family. His   fought for China’s Qing dynasty against the Japanese empire. His grandfather fought for the Kuomintang, the forces that later fled to set up the Republic of China in Taiwan, a   democracy that still has tense ties with Beijing. “He had a ticket to Taiwan, but decided to stay in China,” Mr. Sun said of his grandfather, showing how one decision shaped his family for generations. His grandfather fell on the wrong side of history when the Communists took power, and Mr. Sun’s parents were punished for it. “My father experienced the Cultural Revolution,” he said. “Because his own father was involved in the Kuomintang, he could not go into the military and was sent to a factory. He was frightened of the Red Guards. He slept with an ax under his pillow. ” Mr. Sun then stopped, abrupt and  . “I’ve said too much,” he said, waving his hand dismissively at the recording of our interview. “The revolution was just one small point in time. ” Much of Mr. Sun’s work has to do with the way politics and history are distorted. “I don’t believe in history books. I don’t believe in the news, whether it’s from America or Taiwan or Japan or Korea. This is why I travel so much,” he said. “I only believe what I see with my own two eyes. My art asks questions, and I just keep looking. ” Mr. Sun is only the second artist to be given an Audemars Piguet Art Commission, a project the Swiss watchmaking company started in 2014. (The first was Robin Meier, a Swiss artist and musician.) Mr. Sun’s latest work, “Reconstruction of the Universe,” was originally to have its premiere at Art Basel Hong Kong in 2015, but its production was too unwieldy to finish in time. Mr. Sun drew original illustrations, and then had student helpers carve them into soft basswood  —   a process that required an enormous amount of time and skill. Tens of thousands of woodblocks were carved, printed and then scanned each woodblock made up one frame of a   film. The final product plods along at 15 to 18 frames per second, or about the rate of a   silent film. There is no direct narrative or story, just images like a flying violin with wings or the Great Wall of China surrounded by crumbling towers. What at first looked to be a haunted house turned out to be the Audemars Piguet Museum in Switzerland. (The idea of “a museum for time” in some distant, alpine land seemed particularly interesting to Mr. Sun). Winka Angelrath, Audemars’s   art exhibitions manager, explained the choice of Mr. Sun. “We liked that he was using traditional techniques, like ink painting and woodcutting, and turning them into digital animations,” Ms. Angelrath said. “He is making something new out of something old. “There are shared themes: complexity, precision, time. ” Ms. Angelrath had flown from Geneva to Beijing to check on Mr. Sun’s progress. She walked around his vast space, admiring the enormous amount of artwork he had created. After she left for her luxury hotel downtown, Mr. Sun packed up for the day. He walked through an unlit warehouse to his black car and then careened down an unlit street to eat at the kind of restaurant where you sit on the floor, drink cold beer and eat chicken skins on sticks. He noted, while driving past sushi joints and fitness centers, how quickly his neighborhood was changing, but said that was not necessarily a bad thing. “They will tear it down, but I will just make a more beautiful studio,” he said. “This is what they call development. ” “Reconstruction of the Universe,” Art Basel Miami Beach, through Sunday. “Tales of Our Time,” Guggenheim Museum, New York, through March 10.",0
3359,"Suicide Bombings Hit 3 Cities in Saudi Arabia, One Near a Holy Site - The New York Times","BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Bombings rocked three cities across Saudi Arabia on Monday, including near the Prophet’s Mosque in the holy city of Medina, raising the specter of increasingly coordinated attacks by militants seeking to destabilize the monarchy. A suicide bomber struck near the United States Consulate in the coastal city of Jidda in the morning, wounding two security officers. Then, near dusk, when Muslims were ending their daily Ramadan fasts, other blasts struck near a Shiite mosque in the country’s east and at a security post in Medina, killing four guards, according to the   Al Arabiya television network. The blasts in Saudi Arabia followed a bloody week in which terrorist attacks caused mass casualties in the largest cities of three predominantly Muslim countries: Turkey, Bangladesh and Iraq. The Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, has claimed responsibility for the attacks in Dhaka, Bangladesh, and in Baghdad, and it is suspected of carrying out the one in Istanbul. No one immediately claimed responsibility for the Saudi bombings, although Islamic State extremists have attacked the kingdom repeatedly in recent years, mostly targeting the Shiite minority and state security personnel. The attacks occurred amid fears that extremists had planned further violence during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan and for the holiday that celebrates its conclusion this week, Eid  . The Medina attack struck the security office of the mosque where the Prophet Muhammad is said to be buried, an important stop for millions of pilgrims who visit the holy cities each year. Four security officers died in the attack, Al Arabiya said, in addition to a suicide bomber. The other evening attack was near a Shiite mosque in the eastern region of Qatif and killed no one but the bomber, according to witnesses quoted by the Reuters news agency. The Jidda attack took place when security officers confronted a man acting suspiciously near the United States Consulate. He detonated his explosives, killing himself and wounding two guards, according to the   Saudi Press Agency. The United States Embassy in Riyadh, the capital, said in a statement that none of its consular staff members in Jidda had been wounded, and it warned American citizens to limit nonessential travel to the kingdom and to remain cautious inside it. An attack by Al Qaeda on the consulate in 2004 left five staff members and four gunmen dead. In neighboring Kuwait, officials announced the arrest of four people accused of plotting two attacks in the country and said they had repatriated a Kuwaiti family who had joined the Islamic State in Syria, according to  the   KUNA news agency. One of the suspects is a young Kuwaiti man who had pledged allegiance to the Islamic State and was planning to bomb a mosque during Eid   the report said. The man said after his arrest that he had received instructions from an Islamic State operative abroad, the agency reported, to send a young recruit with no security record to obtain explosives and guns for the attack. Two Kuwaitis and a man from an unspecified Asian country were arrested in the second plot and had two assault rifles, ammunition and the black flag of the Islamic State, the report said. Kuwait also said it had arrested and repatriated a Kuwaiti man who had joined the Islamic State in Syria, as well as his mother and son. The man had studied petroleum engineering in Britain and had moved to Syria to work in oil production for the Islamic State after his older brother was killed while fighting for the group in Iraq, the report said. Kuwait is predominantly Sunni, but Sunnis and Shiites live together with few sectarian tensions. An Islamic State suicide attack on a Shiite mosque in Kuwait City killed 27 a year ago. The bomber was a Saudi citizen.",0
3360,The Pathologization of Dissent,"Photo by Jamelle Bouie | CC BY 2.0 

According to the mainstream media, in a recent speech in West Palm Beach, Donald Trump finally completely lost it. Sawing the air with his tiny hands in a unmistakeably Hitlerian manner, he spat out a series of undeniably hateful anti-Semitic code words … like “political establishment,”“global elites” and, yes, “international banks.” He even went so far as to claim that “corporations” and their (ahem) “lobbyists” have millions of dollars at stake in this election, and are trying to pass the TTP, not to benefit the American people, but simply to enrich themselves. He then went on to accuse the media of collaborating with “the Clinton machine,” presumably to benefit these “global elites” and “international banks” and “lobbyists.” 
Now, a lot of folks didn’t immediately recognize the secret meanings of these fascistic code words, and so mistakenly assumed that “global elites” referred to the transnational capitalist ruling classes, and that “lobbyists” referred to actual lobbyists, and that “banks” meant … well … you know, banks. As it turned out, this was completely wrong. None of these words actually meant what they meant, not in anti-Semitic CodeSpeak. So the mainstream media translated for us. “Political establishment” meant “the Jews.”“Global elites” also meant “the Jews.”“Banks” meant “Jews.”“Lobbyists” meant “Jews.” Even “corporate media,” meant “Jews.” Apparently, Trump’s entire speech was a series of secret dog-whistle signals to his legions of neo-Nazi goons, who, immediately following Clinton’s victory, are going to storm out of their hidey holes, frontally attack the US military, overthrow the US government, and, yes, you guessed it …“kill the Jews.” 
OK, maybe I’m exaggerating the mainstream media’s reaction just a little bit. Or maybe Trump’s speech really was that fascistic. Judge for yourself. Read the transcript. ( NPR offers a complete version of it here. ) Then compare the reactions of The Wall Street Journal , The New York Times , Washington Post , The Inquirer , The Guardian , and other leading broadsheets, and magazines and blogs like Mother Jones , Forward , Slate , Salon , Vox , Alternet , and a host of others, most of which rely on Jonathan Greenblatt, CEO of the Anti-Defamation League and former Special Assistant to the President, as their authoritative source on Trumpian cryptology. (Mr. Greenblatt, incidentally, should know better, given the treatment he has received from hard-line Zionist publications for refusing to demonize Black Lives Matter, and for “taking sides against” the State of Israel.) 
Look, I’m not defending Donald Trump, who I consider a self-aggrandizing idiot and a soulless huckster of the lowest order, and whose supporters include a lot of real anti-Semites, and racists, and misogynists, and other such creeps. I’m simply trying to point out how the corporate media have, for months, been playing the same hysterical tune like an enormous Goebbelsian keyboard instrument, and how millions of Americans are singing along (as they were before the invasion of Iraq, which posed no threat to the USA , but which according to the media had WMDs), and how terribly fucking disturbing that is. In case you didn’t instantly recognize it, the name of the tune is “This guy is Hitler!” and it isn’t the short vulgarian fingers of Donald Trump that are tickling the ivories. And no, it isn’t “the Jews” either. It’s the corporate media, and the corporations that own them, and the rest of the global capitalist ruling classes … in other words, those “global elites.” 
The thing I find particularly disturbing is how these rather mundane observations — i.e., (a) that a global ruling class exists, (b) that it’s primarily corporate in character, (c) that this class is pursuing its interests and not the interests of sovereign states — how such observations are being stigmatized as the ravings of unhinged anti-Semites. This stigmatization is not limited to Trumpists. Anyone to the left of Clinton is now, apparently, an anti-Semite. For example, Roger Cohen, in The New York Times , riding the tsunami of condemnation of the insidious verbiage of Trump’s West Palm speech, executed an extended smear-job on Jeremy Corbyn and his “Corbynistas” (they’re fond of coining these epithets, the media), denouncing their virulent “anti-Americanism,”“anti-Capitalism,”“anti-globalism,” and “anti-Semitic anti-Zionism.” 
Which, let me hasten to add, and stress, and underscore, and repeatedly emphasize, is not to imply that the Labour Party, or the British Left, or the American Left, or any other Left, is anti-Semitism-free. Of course not. There are anti-Semites everywhere. That isn’t the point. Or it isn’t my point. 
My point is that this stigmatization campaign is part of a much larger ideological project, one that has little to do with Trump, or Jeremy Corbyn, or their respective parties. Smearing one’s political opponents is nothing new, of course, it’s as old as the hills. But what we’re witnessing is more than smears. As I proposed in these pages back in July , political dissent is being gradually pathologized (i.e., stigmatized as aberrant or “abnormal” behavior, as opposed to a position meriting discussion). Consider the abnormalization of Sanders, back when he was talking about “banks,”“global elites,” and other things that matter, or the media’s portrayal of British voters as racists in the wake of the Brexit referendum. And, yes, the charges being leveled against Trump, much as we might despise the man. Anti-Semitism, inciting violence, paranoid conspiracy theorizing, insurrection, treason, et cetera — these are not legitimate arguments one needs to counter with superior arguments; they are symptoms of deviations from a norm, signs of criminality or pathology, which is increasingly how the corporate ruling classes are dismissing anyone who attempts to challenge them. 
A line is being drawn in the ideological sand. On one side of it are the decent people, the normal people, in their business wear, with their university degrees, and prescriptions, and debts. On the other side are … well, the deplorables, the ignorant, racist, anti-Semitic, neo-nationalist, populist extremists. This line cuts through both the Left and the Right … supersedes both Left and Right, making bedfellows of supposed adversaries like Obama, Clinton, Kagan, Wolfowitz, Scowcroft, and their ilk on the Normal team, and a motley crew of Trumpists, Putinists, European populists, Corbynistas, Sandernistas, socialists, anarchists, Wikileakers, anti-Zionists, anti-capitalists, neo-Nazis, Black Lives Matterers, angry Greek pensioners, environmental activists, religious zealots, the Klu Klux Klan, David Graeber, most of the contributors to CounterPunch, and various other “extremist” types, many of whom detest each other, in the Deplorables’ current starting line-up. 
The corporate media is sending a message … a message aimed at a much broader audience than undecided American voters (assuming such creatures really exist). The message is, “get with the fucking program, or get stigmatized as an anti-Semite, or a racist, or a Russian spy, or whatever.” The message is, “drop the populist rhetoric, shut the hell up about the Wall Street banks, and the corporations, and the ‘one percent,’ and … actually … forget about politics completely, except for identity politics, of course. Go ahead and knock yourself out with that.” The message is, “you’re either with us or against us … and it doesn’t matter why you’re against us, or what it is you think you’re for. Right, Left … who gives a shit? It’s one big Basket of Deplorables to us.” 
This message, of course, displays many of the hallmarks of the classic authoritarian mentality, the need for nearly total conformity, mindless allegiance to one’s so-called superiors, delegitimization of all opposing viewpoints, and the infantile type of hero-worship figures like Obama and Clinton inspire … not the old-fashioned authoritarianism that would-be despots like Trump represent, but, rather, a more attractive version, a hopey, changey, lovey version, where there are no frightening Hitlerian leaders barking out anti-Semitic code words, and no one is exterminating thousands of people in faraway countries they want to destabilize in order to entirely dominate the region. No, this is the version where Obama sells the TPP on the Jimmy Fallon show, and wars of aggression are not wars of aggression, but “humanitarian interventions.” It’s also the version where universal healthcare is, regrettably, “unrealistic,” but $38 billion for the State of Israel so it can operate its Apartheid State, and weapons sales to Saudi Arabia, so they can bomb the shit out of farmers in Yemen, and cut off people’s heads for blasphemy, is somehow in “America’s vital interests.” 
But what do I know? I’m just a satirist. I should probably leave all this complex stuff, like what is and isn’t in my interest, and what words really mean and all that, to the experts in the mainstream media. Since they did so well decoding Trump’s speech, maybe they could translate some of these other code words I’ve been having trouble with, like the ones I put in scare quotes above, or other such code words, like “enemy combatant,”“free trade agreement,”“security barrier,”“indefinite detention,”“targeted killing,” or “troubled asset relief program.” 
I could go on, but I probably shouldn’t. Odds are, I’m already on the list of Putin-worshiping, anti-Semitic, racist, misogynist, neo-nationalist, non-standing up for the National Anthem, conspiracy theorizing America-haters. The last thing I need to do at this point is start jabbering about how the United States is an authoritarian corporatist dystopia ruled by a global capitalist elite that couldn’t give less of a shit about Americans (or any other actual people living in any other actual countries), where the corporate media can whip up mass fanatical support for wars of aggression, or corporate puppets, by pointing their fingers at yet another bogeyman and shouting “Hitler” at the top of their lungs. Next thing you know I’d be writing about “banks,” and “global corporations,” and “national sovereignty,” and we all know what that’s about, don’t we?",0
3361,Wearable Fitness Devices Don’t Seem to Make You Fitter - The New York Times,"I once received a lot of blowback for an Upshot article in which I showed (with evidence) that exercise is not the key to weight loss. Diet is. Many, many readers cannot wrap their head around the notion that adding physical activity, and therefore burning more calories, doesn’t necessarily translate into results on the scale. Well, here we go again because some of those folks also believe that fitness devices  —   Fitbit, Vivosmart, Apple Watch  —   must be helpful in losing weight. Unfortunately, evidence doesn’t support this belief either. For some time, people have been trying to prove devices like these succeed in promoting weight loss. In 2011, a study compared four groups getting a mixture of behavioral weight loss programs and use of an armband that measured activity and energy expenditure. All the intervention groups lost weight, but those with behavioral programs and technology lost the most. The sample size of each group (fewer than 50) and the large dropout rate of the study should temper enthusiasm, though. The sample was also mostly female, and more than   of them had college degrees, so the results may not be entirely generalizable. In 2015, another study, the   trial, was also inconclusive. Researchers randomly assigned 250 people ages 60 to 75 to one of two groups. The first group received four physical activity consultations from primary care nurses over three months a pedometer and a physical activity diary. The other received “usual care. ” All patients were given accelerometers to measure their activity, although only the control group saw the results. One year later, those in the pedometer group were taking an average of about 600 more steps per day, and had about 40 more minutes of activity a week. But it’s hard in a trial like this to know how much of that was because of the pedometer and the feedback, and how much was because of the nurse visits and coaching. What was needed was a large,   study that truly teased out the contribution of wearable tech to weight loss programs. Last year, the results of such a study, the IDEA trial, were published. The trial took place at the University of Pittsburgh between 2010 and 2012, and it involved more than 470 adults between the ages of 18 and 35. All of them were put on a   diet, had group counseling sessions and were advised to increase their physical activity. Six months into the intervention, all were given telephone counseling sessions,   prompts and study materials online. At that time, though, half were also given wearable tech devices that monitored their activity and connected to a website to help provide feedback. All participants were followed for 18 more months. At the end of the two years, which is pretty long for a weight loss study, those without access to the wearable technology lost an average of 13 pounds. Those with the wearable tech lost an average of 7. 7 pounds. It’s hard for many to accept, so I’m going to state the results again: Those people who used the wearable tech for 18 months lost significantly less weight than those who didn’t. You may rightfully point out that the primary reason to wear the devices isn’t to lose weight  —   it’s to be more active. But even in this respect, it didn’t work nearly as well as we might hope. In the IDEA trial, those who employed the technology were no more physically active than those who didn’t. They also weren’t more fit. Many new technologies, and dietary supplements and new diets, are sold to the public with little actual research behind them. Wearable technology to encourage fitness is no different. Somehow, in the past few years, it has become collectively understood that we need to take 10, 000 steps a day. But there’s no magic behind that number. There’s no reason to believe that hitting this arbitrary goal is somehow  . Exercise is worthwhile for its own sake. Of course, many people can enjoy using wearable tech without tying it to weight loss goals. I have owned a Fitbit, a Nike FuelBand and an Apple Watch. I still wear the watch because I like many of its features. When I first bought it, I liked how it tracked my daily 30 minutes of physical activity and reminded me to stand up every so often. But I realized over time that I didn’t really need it. After some months, getting 30 minutes of activity a day (the recommended amount) became part of my routine. I learned to be more mobile and less sedentary. I didn’t need the precision or the reminders anymore. It’s possible that the devices helped me make physical activity part of my regular routine. It’s possible that they provided a benefit. But my experience is just an anecdote, and there’s no counterfactual to help figure out whether I’d have become more active without the devices. For that, we’d need a trial. The ones that exist (like the IDEA trial) argue that the devices don’t make people exercise more. They don’t seem to hurt, though. Other than costing money, there’s no harm in seeing if it might improve your activity over time. But if your goal is weight loss, then you might think twice about using such a device. The evidence suggests that you may do better without one.",0
3362,Company that Supplied Voting Machines to 22 States Donated to Clinton Foundation,"
No wonder they’re so confident!
Dominion Voting Systems brags on its home page that “Together with our customers, we strive to change elections for the better!”
Wikipedia currently reports that Dominion provides voting machines to 22 states.
If you hit the link to this statement, however, the supporting post has now been taken down.
Dominion Voting Systems is owned by George Soros an internationalist billionaire who is openly supporting Hillary Clinton and donated to her campaign dozens of millions of dollars.

We now know that the machines are already flipping out votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton in Texas, Illinois, North Carolina and other states. The people working at the voting boots always find out some WHATEVER excuses while so far there hasn’t been a single vote switched from Hillary to Trump.
Soros is also said to control a British company called Smartmatic, which had something to do with election fraud in Venezuela. Thanks to the Smartmatic machines, communists “won” the elections over and over again.
Smartmatic is tied to Soros’ Open Road Foundation and it used to have a subsidiary called Sequoia. Sequoia electronic voting machines are used in the US general election. Sequoia was eventually sold to Dominion Voting Systems.
How do you like that people? The man in charge of counting your votes happens to have a favorite.
This is exactly like Joseph Stalin’s famous quote: “The people who cast the votes don’t decide an election, the people who count the votes do.” 
It does’t matter that you go out and vote for Trump, what matters is that Soros is gonna count votes the way he wants to and that’s just not right to have a private person in charge of the elections basically.
Soros needs to have his entire fortune confiscated by the US government, nationalized and included in the state budget and have him locked up for the rest of his miserable life. Remember how those commie SJWs call for equality and taking from the rich and giving to the poor? Sure lets start with this high-profile thief right here.
The system is rigged people and Trump is right! Voting should only be on paper not on machines which can be manipulated easily!
",0
3363,CETA Is Step towards a Corporate Land Called Euramerica,"3 Shares
2 0 0 1
The signing of the Comprehensive Economic Trade Agreement with Canada (CETA) on the 30th of October marks the beginning of North America's annexation of Europe. The negotiations for the treaty were carried out behind closed doors. For over 751 deputies in the European Parliament, there are more than 30 thousands lobbyists. The Society for European Affairs Professionals (SEAP) - the organisation which lobbying on behalf of multinational corporations – this is the real power block in Europe. The European worker has absolutely no say and henceforth he will lose the right to form join unions. Multinational corporations will have unlimited power over European workers, who will see the destruction of what is left of social gains won from over a century of class struggle.
Will European workers lie down and accept this imposture? What concrete policies would weaken the stranglehold of corporations over European workers? Which parties in the current political landscape hold policies which, if implemented, would weaken the transatlantic stranglehold?
There are currently no political parties running in the major European elections with candidates who genuinely represent workers' interests. But there are some political movements which threaten the corporate 'power-elite'. We will mention them below.
There are two important geopolitical processes to consider here. The first is the East-West corporate , geopolitical axis. America is pulling the European peninsula away from the Eurasian continent. With the installation of a neo-Nazi regime in Kiev, Washington attempted to re-create an 'Intermarium' from the Baltic Sea to the Black Sea and down to the Eastern Mediterranean - driving a permanent wedge between Russia and Germany.
In order to facilitate the social transformation of Europe into a 'America Minor', millions of 'pilgrims' are necessary. Hence, the deployment of coercive engineered migration as a tool to replace class- conscious European workers with deracine youths - in some instances educated enough to do the low-paid work assigned to them and acculturated enough to pose no problem to the 'Power-Elite'.
In the new Trotskyite language of this imperial order, any leader who attempts to stem the tide of globalisation through populist appeals to tradition and national identity is 'fascist'. Fascist is a loaded term which generally connotes evil in the public mind. In each European country there is a ready-made army of youths from wealthy families whose job is to don hoddies, attack police and scream 'fascist' and 'racist' at working-class people desperately trying to find a way out of this nightmare. These 'antifa' are the modern equivalent to Oswald Mosley's fascist gangs in the 1930s; they represent the same class interests .Petty-bourgeois leftism is the New World Order's avant-garde.
A favourite passtime of the 'Antifa' mob is throwing stones at police officers. One can only gain acceptance in the anti-fascist gang by showing how much one hates the 'pigs'. So, police officers from honest working-class families get burned alive while the anti-fa mob chants slogans from the Spanish Civil War. Such violence is now a regular occurrence in demonstrations. The agents provocateurs often receive help from the intelligence services. French police are finding it hard to cope with the chaos developing all over French suburbs. They complain that they are not sufficiently equipped and do not have the powers necessary to deal with the growing violence from delinquents. They have been demonstrating in Paris. They have been calling for an end to the control of the French police by free masonry. Exacerbating the problem is the deep-seated racism of many police officers who target Black youths with spot-checksm – very often without reason.
The recent demonstrations by French police in France against poor working conditions and low pay strongly suggests that there is the possibility that the rank and file of the French police could be waking up to the reality that France is government by a criminal gang. After the Magnanville terrorist attack in June where two police officers were killed, a police officer at the funeral of the deceased refused to shake the hand of President Hollande and Prime Minister Manuel Valls. It was a highly significant act of insubordination.
The police, who in capitalist societies are the guardians of the ruling class, are beginning to realise the criminality of the people they are protecting; they are perhaps beginning to understand that the role of the state is to impose the dictatorship of one class over another - that of the minority of super wealthy over the labouring masses.
Many of these dissident police officers are linked to Le Pen's National Front. A reliable source in French intelligence informed me that the secret services spend more time watching the far-right than the so-called 'far left'. They see the far right as a real potential danger to the ruling order, whereas the far left present no danger but are in fact a key component of ruling class ideology. From the 'Arab Spring' to Nuit Debout, the far-left are the life-blood of capitalism. The potential of a major split between the national and compradore bourgeoise of imperial states for prospects of working-class gains is something that needs more study.
What should we make of all this in the context of CETA? As I have said on numerous occasions, the far right in France are and always have been political opportunists who exploit the despair of the masses; they serve the interests of the national bourgeoisie. But the National Front are regularly denounced by the media, not for being right wing. Rather, they are dismissed as being closer to the far left. The prospect of raising worker's salaries, nationalisation of key industries and a halt on the importation of cheap labour appeal to working-class families.
As I have pointed out before, looking at a debate between the Trotskyist Jean-Luc Melanchon and Marine Le Pen in 2011, one would have thought that Le Pen was was the leftist and Melanchon the right-wing militarist. Melanchon shamelessly defended the NATO bombing campaign of Libya, while Le Pen opposed it!
Civil war on the horizon
The right-wing presidential candidate Philippe de Villiers has said there are plans afoot to divide the French territory between Muslims and non-Muslims. He Quote: s Francois Hollande's own writings to back up his claims. Everyone is talking about an imminent civil war. In the bars and cafes of Paris one can hear more and more disgruntled French citizens talking about media disinformation, the demonisation of Russia, the homogenisation of thought and the criminality of the ruling class.
The scene has never been more propitious to a populist take over of French politics. But one should not have illusions about the National Front; they are following the menacious Zionist narrative on the war on terror: Muslims are the problem. The party's vice-president Forian Philippot is close to the ultra-Zionist lawyer Gilles-William Goldnagel, a friend of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Philippot recently condemned the comments of presidential candidate Jean- Frédéric Poisson who said Hillary Clinton presented the greatest threat for the world as she is in the pay of the Zionists. Poisson was subsequently forced to kneel before the Representative Council of Jewish Institutions in France (CRIF) where he sought forgiveness. He was told he would be forgiven but they they would never forget! In spite of the National Front's anti-Muslim bias, an increasing number of Muslims are voting for the party. Many Muslims prefer the National Front as they are sick and tired of being patronised and manipulated by the left – with their pseudo 'anti-racism' and 'humanitarian' wars.
There have also been major strikes by police in Ireland for similar reasons to France. French workers are losing everything and will soon become a lumpen proletariat. Meanwhile the French government has programmes in place to encourage migrants heading to Britain to stay in France. The Socialist Party is creating a new electorate. It is a wise move for them because after the next election abstentionism will be the norm and the indigenous lumpen proletariat will resent the migrants. The oligarchs will keep the masses in bondage through GMOS, Takfiri anti-Islam and total reification of life. CETA is the beginning of the end for social hope. It is the prelude to the Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) – the most evil trade deal in history.
French vice-president of the Trilateral Commission Herve de Carmoy wrote a book in 2007 entitled 'L'Euramerique' – Euramerica, where he argues for the formation of what amounts to a transatlantic super-state run by a financial oligarchy. CETA is the prelude to that project.",0
3364,Clinton Campaign In FULL PANIC After Bill’s Alleged Son Makes DEMAND That Would HUMILIATE Them,"Clinton Campaign In FULL PANIC After Bill’s Alleged Son Makes DEMAND That Would HUMILIATE Them Oct 27, 2016 Previous post 
The man claiming to be the son of former President Bill Clinton told Breitbart News Wednesday he wants his father to step up and be man enough to acknowledge him. “I have always wanted him to step up–for 30 years–you know? I have really been trying to figure this out–my whole life, you know? It is time for him to step up to the plate,” said Danney Williams, 30, who traveled from his Arkansas home to Las Vegas for Wednesday’s third presidential debate between GOP nominee Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton. 
The Arkansas man is not trolling the Democratic nominee’s husband. He said he is formally requesting that the former president submit to a paternity test and put the matter to rest–once and for all. 
“It is up to him now, ” he said. 
“I’ve proven who I am, let him step up and prove me right or prove me wrong,” he said. 
Williams’ mother, Bobbie Ann Williams, is quoted in media accounts describing how, as a prostitute in Little Rock, the then-governor met her while out on a jog. The two became close and shared several intimate encounters, according to those accounts. 
After Williams was born, his mother allegedly told the governor about his son and although Clinton was reluctant, she said in interviews, Arkansas state troopers would pay her child support every month with seven $100 bills. 
The payments stopped however after he announced Clinton was running for president, according to her media accounts. 
Williams said he has a good relationship 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
3365,What the Trump Presidency Means for the Supreme Court - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The election of Donald J. Trump means that Justice Antonin Scalia’s seat, vacant since he died in February, will almost certainly be filled by a conservative nominee. Back to full strength, the court will again tilt right, as it has for decades. And with the court’s two senior liberal members fairly old, that may be only the start. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is 83, and Justice Stephen G. Breyer is 78. Mr. Trump’s surprising triumph vindicates Republican senators, who refused to act on President Obama’s nomination of Judge Merrick B. Garland, saying the choice of a new Supreme Court justice should belong to the next president. It now belongs to Mr. Trump. “Senate Republicans’ strategy of not even considering Garland, of letting the American people decide who gets to fill Scalia’s seat, worked,” said Ilya Shapiro, a lawyer with the Cato Institute, a libertarian group. “Not only that, but it didn’t at all hurt vulnerable senators running for  . ” But some liberals said they hoped that even a Supreme Court dominated by conservative justices, including ones on Mr. Trump’s list of 21 possible nominees vetted by conservative legal groups, could serve as a restraint on Mr. Trump’s ambitions. “Given that many of the conservatives on his list are more in the traditional conservative mold than Trump himself, they might not simply write him a blank check when it comes to actions and policies that threaten constitutional structure,” said Elizabeth Wydra, the president of the Constitutional Accountability Center. “As is the case during every administration of either party, the court will inevitably be asked to step in and serve the judicial branch’s role as a check on the political branches. ” In the short term, the court led by Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. is poised to return to the status quo: closely divided, leaning right, with the crucial vote belonging to Justice Anthony M. Kennedy. “He may have been the biggest winner last night,” Mr. Shapiro said of Justice Kennedy. Mr. Trump’s election represents a lost opportunity for liberals, and they are fearful of what comes next at the Supreme Court. “On the brink of having the first   Supreme Court in decades, the judicial left has now been banished to the wilderness for perhaps decades more,” said Barry Friedman, a law professor at New York University. “It is difficult seeing a path to anything other than a yet more conservative court for the imaginable future. ” The balance of power at the Supreme Court could truly shift if there is a second vacancy while Mr. Trump is president. That appears entirely possible. Justice Ginsburg, who was harshly critical of Mr. Trump  and seemed to predict a victory for Hillary Clinton, will face   over her decision to stay on the court rather than let Mr. Obama try to appoint her successor. Other retirements are possible, too. Justice Kennedy, the member of the court at its ideological center, is 80. “In the worst case, we end up with a   conservative court, and a relatively young one at that,” Professor Friedman said. “This could be a typhoon for the Supreme Court. An already very conservative jurisprudence will deepen and may broaden, encompassing areas that had long been resistant, such as abortion rights. ” For now, abortion rights appear secure. In June, the court struck down a restrictive Texas abortion law by a    vote, with Justice Kennedy joining the court’s   liberal wing. A new justice opposed to abortion rights would tighten that tally but not tip it. Similarly, affirmative action seems safe in the short term. In June, the court upheld a   admissions program at the University of Texas by a    vote. Justice Elena Kagan was recused but would almost certainly have voted with the majority, making the effective vote 5 to 3. Here again, a single Trump appointment would not change things. But a second Trump appointment is another matter, said Lee Epstein, a law professor and political scientist at Washington University in St. Louis. “We could see dramatic legal change,” she said, “with the recent affirmative action and abortion cases on the chopping block. ” Other areas of the law could be subject to faster change after a single Trump appointment. A threat to   unions that ended in a deadlock in March, for instance, could soon reach the court again. This time, the challengers are likely to gain a fifth vote. The last term’s other major deadlock, over Mr. Obama’s plan to spare millions of unauthorized immigrants from deportation and allow them to work legally in the United States, will almost certainly be resolved without court intervention Mr. Trump has vowed to take a different path on immigration. He is also likely to use his executive authority to undo the Obama administration’s approach to climate change, transgender rights and clashes between religious beliefs and contraception coverage, again effectively pulling the plug on pending challenges in the courts. The Supreme Court decides about 70 cases a year, reviewing only a tiny fraction of the hundreds of thousands of lawsuits and prosecutions filed in federal courts. The lower federal courts are for now dominated by Democratic appointees, and the vast majority of their decisions escape Supreme Court review. In the short term, that leaves plenty of room for significant and lasting liberal victories in the lower federal courts. But the compositions of those courts will start to change, too, as Mr. Trump appoints judges to them. If his list of potential Supreme Court nominees is any guide, his   appointments will also pull the law to the right. In the meantime, the replacement of Justice Scalia with another conservative would return the Supreme Court to a familiar dynamic, said Ms. Wydra of the Constitutional Accountability Center. “That means conservative legal activists will once again be able to attempt aggressive changes that push the law even further to the right,” she said, “but there will still be the potential for more progressive rulings like the marriage equality and abortion rulings we saw from the court even with Scalia. ” Almost all of the candidates on Mr. Trump’s list of potential nominees are sitting judges, and several served as law clerks to conservative Supreme Court justices. Many have judicial track records hostile to federal power, abortion rights and   marriage. By training and temperament, judges move more slowly than politicians, and they have different values. “An open question is what happens when Trump realizes that the sorts of judges he’s been advised to appoint would rule against him on various matters,” said Mr. Shapiro of the Cato Institute.",0
3366,President Obama Makes MAJOR Announcement About Michelle’s Political Future,"0 comments 
A bit of good news to kick off your weekend… 
In an interview on the ‘Sway in the Morning’ radio show on Friday, President Obama stated unequivocally that his wife will “never run” for political office. 
“She will never run for office,” said Obama of the 52-year-old First Lady. “She is as talented and brilliant a person as there is, and I could not be prouder of her, but Michelle does not have the patience or the inclination to actually be a candidate herself. That’s one thing y’all can take to the bank.” 
Michelle Obama has become Hillary Clinton’s most effective surrogate on the campaign trail this election season, delivering powerful speeches on behalf of the Democratic nominee whom she hopes will become her husband’s successor. 
The First Lady’s success on the campaign trail for Hillary Clinton has only led her supporters to push for her to launch her own political career, though she has long denied that she has any desire to run for political office. 
Indeed, it seems Michelle Obama is much more content living the high life, jet-setting around the world on expensive vacations, using only the most luxurious of accommodations, and paying for none of it herself. That’s for the lowly taxpayers like you and me to do… 
Why hold a job or work to curry favor with the American people when your lavish lifestyle has been handed to you on a silver platter? Considering this, it’s really no surprise Michelle Obama does not wish to run for office after her husband’s term is over, and for that, we are grateful. 
SHARE this report if you are glad to hear that Michelle Obama will not seek political office after she vacates the White House in the coming months… Haven’t we had enough of her?!",0
3367,Paris Generation Identitaire Leader: ’This is the Last Election We Have’ to Make Powerful Solutions for France’s Future,"PARIS, France  —   Paris Génération Identitaire leader Pierre Larti gave a rare exclusive interview with Breitbart London saying harassment towards ethnic French by migrants is now commonplace in parts of Paris and the problem will only get worse if Macron wins. [In a small cafe in Paris’s 13th district, leader of the Paris branch of Génération Identitaire (GI) the French   migration Identitarian youth movement founded in 2012 who protest   and Islamisation, told Breitbart London his personal life has shaped his political leanings.  He said he and his brother were constantly harassed by men of foreign backgrounds simply for being French. “Sometimes there was violence, I was beaten because I was the only French on public transport or on the streets,” explained Mr. Larti. Larti then described one incident in which he and his brother had a knife held to their throat by a man and robbed for no other reason than their ethnicity. According to the GI Paris chief, those types of experiences have become increasingly common for young people living in suburbs in the north of Paris. Women, in particular, he said, were targets for   men. “The conditions for women in France are terrible now. If you are a blonde woman in the north of Paris I  wouldn’t give you five minutes without being harassed. ” The worsening conditions for women, along with the Cologne sex attacks in 2015, have brought many women into the movement, Larti said. “You don’t feel [like you are] in your country anymore,” he said adding, “We have the right to live in our country with our values. ” “In some areas of France, you have no more French natives. It’s finished you know?”   migration presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has advocated closing the borders and deporting known Islamic radicals, something that Larti supports, but believes does not go far enough to tackle the problems facing France. Larti said that he would like to see an eventual repatriation of those who refuse to accept French values which he claimed the government was working to systematically destroy. On the subject of the European Union, the GI leader said he was not against the EU as a concept, but was against the leadership of the political bloc. “In my point of view, the European countries are very united now. Not because of the EU, but because of mass immigration which is a threat to our life as a country, as a nation,” he said. Aside from large, often spectacular protests, the group also engages in charity work during the winter months, in what they call “Solidarity Generation” by helping homeless Europeans in France.  Larti said many of the native French homeless are afraid of going to shelters full of migrants because they are often subjected to violence and so end up on the street with no one else to help them. Looking forward to Sunday’s election between Ms. Le Pen and her globalist rival Emmanuel Macron, Larti said he feared things will only get worse if Macron wins. “I still believe in political solutions, but for how long? I don’t know, to be honest. If Emmanuel Macron wins the election, I am not sure. This is my personal opinion  —   not of the organisation  —   [but] for me, this is maybe the last election that we have. ” He noted terrorist attacks have dramatically escalated since the election of François Hollande five years ago. “If Emmanuel Macron doesn’t take any, or maybe Marine Le Pen, any powerful solutions, I don’t believe that we can organise elections in the next five years,” he said. Larti’s view is similar to French Islamic scholar Gilles Kepel who has predicted that radical Islamists could lead Europe into a potential civil war. Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart. com ",0
3368,Orlando Shooting Survivors Cope With the Trauma of Good Fortune - The New York Times,"ORLANDO, Fla.  —   With dozens of survivors of the massacre at a gay nightclub here still hospitalized, some of the wounded on Tuesday gave gripping accounts of terror and pain on a night that turned in an instant from joyous to deadly. The survivors told of fleeing, hiding, using their phones to plead for help, watching friends die  —   and thinking that they would also  —   as a man with an assault rifle and a handgun went through the Pulse nightclub, firing more shots than they could count. The slaughter early Sunday left 49 victims dead, in addition to the gunman, and 53 wounded  —   the worst mass shooting in American history. “The guilt of feeling lucky to be alive is heavy,” said Patience Carter, who was shot in the legs and saw her friend Akyra Murray killed. “I was begging God to take the soul out of my body because I didn’t want to feel any more pain, I didn’t want any more shots. ” More than 30 of the wounded remained in hospitals on Tuesday, including at least six who were in critical condition. All of the dead had been identified, and most of the autopsies were completed. As the injured and the doctors who treated them told their stories, the F. B. I. continued looking into the actions of the gunman, Omar Mateen, 29, who died in a shootout with police, seeking evidence of a motive and any possible accomplices  —   in particular, whether his wife may have known he was planning the assault. His wife, Noor Zahi Salman, has told investigators that she once drove him to the nightclub, that she was with him when he bought ammunition, and that she tried to talk him out of mounting an attack, law enforcement officials said. Mr. Mateen had voiced hatred of gays, minorities and Jews, and had claimed links to Islamist terrorist groups during the siege at the nightclub, he declared allegiance to the Islamic State. But investigators were also looking into reports that he might have been gay himself. His   Sitora Yusufiy, said that Mr. Mateen had told her that he had frequented nightclubs before their marriage, but had not described them as gay clubs. In Washington, President Obama on Tuesday reiterated that investigators had found no evidence that Mr. Mateen had actual contact with a larger terrorist group like the Islamic State. “It is increasingly clear, however, that the killer took in extremist information and propaganda over the internet,” Mr. Obama said. He appears to have been an “angry, disturbed, unstable young man who became radicalized,” the president said. “These lone actors or small cells of terrorists are very hard to detect and very hard to prevent,” Mr. Obama said. “We are doing everything in our power to stop these kinds of attacks. ” Referring to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people, the president said: “I want to remind them that they are not alone. The American people and our allies, friends all over the world, stand with you and are thinking about you and are praying for you. ” On Sunday, there were about 320 people, most of them Latino, in Pulse shortly after 2 a. m. when Mr. Mateen entered with an assault rifle similar to an   and a semiautomatic handgun. Angel Colon was exchanging goodbye hugs with friends when the shooting began, and like much of the panicked crowd he ran for the door. But three bullets hit his leg and he fell. “I tried to get back up but everyone started running everywhere  —   I got trampled over, and I shattered and broke my bones in my left leg,” he said at Orlando Regional Medical Center, where he was being treated. “All I could do was just lay down while everyone was just running on top of me, trying to get to where they had to be. ” He heard more gunshots and screaming as the gunman apparently went to a back room and then returned. “He’s shooting everyone that’s already dead on the floor, making sure they’re dead,” Mr. Colon said. “I look over, and he shoots the girl next to me. And I’m just there laying down and I’m thinking ‘I’m next, I’m dead.’ So I don’t know how, but by the glory of God, he shoots toward my head but it hits my hand, and then he shoots me again and it hits the side of my hip. I had no reaction. I was just prepared to just stay there laying down so he won’t know that I’m alive. ” Then the killer traded gunfire with arriving police officers, retreating to another room. An officer entered, found Mr. Colon still alive, and dragged him through broken glass, cutting his back and legs, to the street and then to a nearby Wendy’s, where, he recalled,“there’s just bodies everywhere. ” “I wish I could remember his face or his name,” Mr. Colon said of the officer. “I’m grateful for him. ” Ms. Murray, 18, arrived in Orlando on Saturday from Philadelphia with her friends, Ms. Carter and Tiara Parker, on a trip to celebrate her high school graduation, and they had just ordered an Uber car to take them back to their hotel when they heard a barrage of gunfire. Ms. Carter said that she and Ms. Parker fled the club, then realized Ms. Murray was not with them and ran back inside to get her. By then, the way out was blocked, she said, and the three of them ran deeper into Pulse. Like a number of other people, including Angel Santiago Jr. they took shelter in a bathroom several including Ms. Carter and her friends, cowered in a large handicapped stall. She and Mr. Santiago told their stories to reporters on Tuesday at Florida Hospital, where they were being treated. “We just continued to hear gunfire, and I just remember thinking, when is it going to stop?” Mr. Santiago said. “It kept getting louder, closer, and I could actually start to smell, I don’t know, I guess it was gunpowder. ” Then the gunman entered, spraying the room with bullets, aiming primarily at the walls of the toilet stalls. “He was shooting his machine gun, so we’re all scrambling around the bathroom, screaming at the top of our lungs,” Ms. Carter said. “People were getting hit by bullets, blood is everywhere. ” A bullet went through her right thigh, shattering the femur, and lodged in her left thigh both of her friends were also hit. Lying on the floor in a spreading pool of blood, she looked under the divider into the next stall. “I could see piles of bodies laying over the toilet seat and slumped over, and the bottom of the toilet was slumped over with handprints and blood,” she said. Turning her head in other directions, she saw more dead and wounded. “At that point, I was just like, `I really don’t think I’m going to get out of here.’ ” Mr. Santiago was shot in the left foot and right knee, and the friend he was with was more seriously hurt. The gunman left the room, he said, and “we were just trying to be as quiet as possible because we didn’t want to attract him back to us. ” Unable to walk, Mr. Santiago dragged himself out of the bathroom, past prone and broken bodies, to the front room of the club, where he found police officers waiting. “I yelled, I said, ‘There are people shot, people who are killed in the bathroom, we need help,’” he recalled. Mr. Mateen returned to the bathroom, and it was there, Ms. Carter said, that he called 911 to talk with the police, and she heard him pledge allegiance to the Islamic State. He said “that the reason why he’s doing this is because he wants America to stop bombing his country. ” Later, he addressed his victims directly, asking if any of them were black, explaining: “You know, I don’t have a problem with black people. This is about my country. You guys have suffered enough. ” He got angry when people’s cellphones beeped or rang, and demanded that people turn them over, she said, and he made comments like “we’ve got the snipers outside” indicating that he was not alone, or that he was talking with accomplices. After a   standoff, she heard explosions as the police started their final assault on the club, trying to blow a hole in an outer wall. His rifle had apparently jammed, she said, and he used the pistol to resume firing, shooting three people who lay on the floor. Someone  —   she did not know who  —   got between her and the gun, and was shot. “It wasn’t for that person shielding me, I would have been shot, I wouldn’t be here,” she said. Doctors at Orlando Regional Medical Center said they ordinarily would get some warning that wounded were coming, as well as information about the number of patients and their conditions. But not in this case, with a chaotic mass shooting just blocks away. Patients arrived in trucks and cars, and on foot, as well as in ambulances. “We quickly got about five patients, and that was a lot for us, and we thought maybe that was going to be it,” Dr. Kathryn Bondani said. “And then they started lining up in the hallway. ”   patients were taken to the medical center, the region’s only trauma center, and nine of them died quickly. No other patients have died since that night. Of the six patients in critical condition, Dr. Michael Cheatham said, “I suspect that they will survive, but my concern is that they will have lasting harm from this, in terms of their functionality. ” On Monday night, thousands of people gathered on a grassy knoll in downtown Orlando for a candlelight vigil that was by turns defiant and melancholy. “We have come together as a force here in Orlando that cannot be broken,” said Terry DeCarlo, the executive director of the L. G. B. T. Center of Central Florida. Mourners joined in the sports chant: “I believe that we will win. ” But moments later, during about 10 minutes of silence, tears flowed and embraces tightened as the crowd lifted candles into the air and a church bell tolled. “Numb,” Elayane Merriwether, a    bartender who lost a   in the shooting, said of the city’s mood. “People just keep crying. People don’t know what to say to each other. I think a lot of people are still in shock. ”",0
3369,The Tribeca Film Festival Announces Winners - The New York Times,"The Tribeca Film Festival announced its winners Thursday, with movies from   feature directors and seasoned veterans taking prizes. The Founders Award for best narrative feature went to the comedy “Dean,” the directorial debut of Demetri Martin, who also wrote and stars in the movie. The best international feature prize went to “Junction 48,” an Israeli film with a Palestinian rapper at its center. Craig Atkinson’s “Do Not Resist,” about the militarization of police forces in the United States, won the prize for best documentary feature. All three awards come with $20, 000 prizes. Priscilla Anany won the prize for best new narrative director for her Ghanaian film “Children of the Mountain,” about a woman who faces scrutiny when her child is born with birth defects. The Albert Maysles New Documentary Director Prize went to David Feige for “Untouchable,” which looks at the effect of strict sex offender laws in the United States. The Nora Ephron Prize, awarded to a female director or screenwriter, was given to Rachel Tunnard for her dark comedy “Adult Life Skills,” about a young woman who moves back to her hometown and into a shed in her mother’s backyard. The festival continues through April 24, with additional screenings of some of the prizewinning films to be held this weekend. The festival’s audience awards will be announced April 23.",0
3370,Justifying the Saudi Slaughter in Yemen,"Latest News Justifying the Saudi Slaughter in Yemen One of Obama's biggest failures is letting his policy in Syria be determined primarily by the ambitions of Qatar, Saudi Arabia and Turkey Share This 
The Obama administration has carried out a deliberately deceptive campaign accusing Iran of covertly sending arms to the Houthis by sea, a claim that Washington cites to help justify the Saudi massive air attack against the Houthis that began last year. 
By repeating the accusation over and over, the administration has been largely successful in turning a dubious allegation into accepted fact, even though it is contradicted by evidence that is well-documented on the public record. 
Secretary of State John Kerry introduced the new variant of the Obama administration’s familiar theme about Iran’s “nefarious activities” in the region two weeks after Saudi Arabia began its bombing in Yemen on March 26, 2015. Kerry told the PBS NewsHour, “There are obviously supplies that have been coming from Iran,” citing “a number of flights every single week that have been flying in.” Kerry vowed that the United States was “not going to stand by while the region is destabilized.” 
Later, the administration began accusing Iran of using fishing boats to smuggle arms to the Houthis. The campaign unfolded in a series of four interceptions of small fishing boats or dhows in or near the Arabian Sea from September 2015 through March 2016. The four interceptions had two things in common: the boats did have illicit weapons alright, but the crews always said the ship was bound for Somalia – not Yemen and the Houthis. 
But instead of acknowledging the obvious fact that the weapons were not related to the Iran-Houthi relationship, a U.S. military spokesman put out a statement in all four cases citing a U.S. “assessment” that the ultimate destination of the arms was Houthi-controlled territory in Yemen. 
The choice of wording was significant. The intelligence community says that it “assesses” that something is true only when it does not have clear-cut proof on the matter. In the case of the alleged Iranian use of fishing dhows to smuggle arms to the Houthis, the U.S. spokesmen did not cite a single piece of evidence for that “assessment” in any of the four cases. In fact, when asked for some justification for it, the military spokesman refused. 
The first fishing dhow was intercepted in the Arabian Sea on Sept. 25, 2015, by a member of a 31-nation coalition called the Combined Maritime Forces patrolling the Arabian Sea and nearby waters for piracy. The coalition ship found the dhow to be carrying 18 Konkurs anti-tank missiles, 71 other anti-tank shells and 54 missile-launchers. 
Blaming Iran 
The U.S. Navy’s Fifth Fleet later issued a statement that said, “Based on statements from the dhow’s crew the port of origin of the dhow and its illicit weapons cache is believed to be Iran.” It also said the anti-tank missiles were thought to be of Iranian and Russian origin, and that the papers on the ship had indicated that it had been checked by ports and customs officials in Iran’s Sistan and Baluchistan province. 
But the crew of the vessel had said that it was bound not for Yemen but for Somalia, as the spokesman for the U.S. Fifth Fleet acknowledged to The Associated Press . A Saudi military spokesman suggested that Iran intended to reroute the arms later from Somalia to Yemen, but offered no evidence. 
On Feb. 27, 2016, an Australian ship intercepted a second fishing dhow off the coast of Oman. The Australians found 1,989 AK-47 assault rifles, 100 rocket-propelled grenades and 40 PKM machine guns on board. The Australian Defense Force issued an official statement on the seizure that did not mention Iranian involvement. It said the boat appeared to be “stateless” and that its cache of weapons was “destined for Somalia.” The Australian Defense Force spokesman explained to CNN that the conclusion was based on interviews with crew members. 
But a spokesman for U.S. Naval Forces, Central Command, Lt. Ian McConnaughey gave an entirely different political slant to the interception. In an e-mail to NBC News, McConnaughey said. “Based on the dhow’s course, Iran is believed to be its port of origin and the source of the illicit weapon,” he said. McConnaughey said the crew was “assessed” to be Iranian – implying that the crew itself had not indicated that. 
McConnaughey acknowledged to NBC and The Telegraph, “According to coalition forces it is believed that the vessel’s destination was in the vicinity of Somalia.” But the CENTCOM spokesman indicated that it didn’t matter; the U.S. was insisting on its narrative about covert Iranian arms to the Houthis. 
“[T]he initial U.S. assessment is the weapons’ final destination was likely to be the Houthis in Yemen,” McConnaaughey told NBC and The Telegraph. 
When this writer asked McConnaughey by e-mail why the U.S. “assessed” that the weapons were intended for Yemen, despite the evidence to the contrary, he responded, “We are not going to discuss the intelligence and other information that led us to our assessment.” 
A Third Shipment 
On March 20, a French navy destroyer intercepted a third fishing dhow off the Island of Socotra in the northern Indian Ocean and found several hundred AK-47 assault rifles, machine guns and antitank weapons. The official statement on the seizure from the Combined Maritime Forces stated categorically, “The dhow was spotted heading toward Somalia.” 
And because the weapons were “deemed to be destined for Somalia,” it explained, they “were seized under the United Nations Security Council mandated arms embargo in accordance with UNSCR 2244(2015).” That Security Council resolution mandates an embargo on Eritrea. 
Australia and other states participating in the Combined Maritime Forces were thus challenging the U.S. propaganda line. But again the U.S. military used the news media to reinforce the line about Iran smuggling arms to the Houthis. Commander Kevin Stephens, a spokesman for the Fifth Fleet, told CNN that “according to a U.S. assessment,” Yemen was the “likely destination” of the arms. 
A fourth interception – the third in three weeks – occurred on March 28 by a U.S. Navy ship that was not operating as part of Combined Maritime Forces but directly under U.S. Naval Forces Central Command. That allowed the Naval Forces Central Command to issue its own news story on April 4. 
In its lead paragraph, the report said the United States “assessed” that the shipment of illicit arms on board the dhow “originated in Iran and was likely bound for Houthi insurgents in Yemen.” 
An Earlier Ruse 
The Obama administration also had sought to promote the charge that Iranian was covertly sending weapons to the Houthis by sea more than two years earlier. In January 2013, the Yemen client government backed by the United States and Saudi Arabia had claimed that its forces had intercepted a ship with a large cargo of weaponry that came from Iran and was on its way to Yemen to deliver them to the Houthis. 
The Obama administration supported that charge in briefings to journalists. After the Saudi air war against Yemen began in 2015, the U.S. pushed for a report by an experts group on sanctions against Iran that would give the charge credibility. 
But the 2013 claim was soon exposed as a ruse. A Security Council Monitoring Group on Somalia and Eritrea revealed in a June 2013 report that the crewmembers had told diplomats who interviewed them that ship’s cargo of diesel fuel was bound for Somalia, not Yemen. And, since the weapons were hidden under the diesel fuel tanks, the weapons could be accessed only after those tanks had been emptied, in other words after the ship docked in Somalia. 
The monitoring group learned from authorities in the Puntland region of Somalia, where most of the smuggled weapons have entered the country, that this was a widely used method of smuggling arms into the country. 
Furthermore, the monitoring group determined that the wide range of types of weapons on board the ship, which was intercepted in January 2013, as well as of their original sources indicated that the weapons cache had been assembled by arms merchants. Authorities in Puntland provided data to the monitoring group showing that most of the shipments of weapons into Puntland in the months before January 2013 had come from politically well-connected arms merchants in Yemen. 
Some of the fishing boats that were intercepted with illicit arms on board in 2015-16 had Iranian owners. But the monitoring group report reveals that the real reason is the role of such Iranian fishing vessels in illegal fishing in Somali waters. The vast majority of the hundreds of fishing vessels involved in such illegal fishing networks were either Iranian or Yemeni. As many as 300 were believed to be Yemeni-owned, while Iranian-owned 180 of them. 
The monitoring group said it was investigating unconfirmed reports that some of those illegal fishing vessels were also being used to carry out arms smuggling and that it had established “other connections between the illegal fishing networks and networks involved in the arms trade and connected to al-Shabaab in northeastern Somalia.” 
But the Obama administration has no interest in the considerable evidence gathered by the monitoring group that provides a more credible explanation for the arms found on those four fishing dhows. 
Such an explanation isn’t political useful, whereas the accusations of Iranian smuggling of arms to the Houthis fulfilled multiple political and bureaucratic interests, justifying Saudi Arabia’s bloody U.S.-backed air campaign over Yemen and endless Washington alarms about “Iranian aggression.” 
Gareth Porter, an investigative historian and journalist specializing in US national security policy, received the UK-based Gellhorn Prize for journalism for 2011 for articles on the U.S. war in Afghanistan. His new book is Manufactured Crisis: the Untold Story of the Iran Nuclear Scare . He can be contacted at . 
Reprinted from the Middle East Eye with the author’s permission. Read more by Gareth Porter",0
3371,California Today: $8 Million in Tech Money for the Bay Area Arts - The New York Times,"Good morning.  (Want to get California Today by email? Here’s the  .) Let’s turn it over to Thomas Fuller, our San Francisco bureau chief, for today’s introduction. The titans of Silicon Valley like to claim that they’re inventing technology to change the world, and their philanthropic efforts often mirror those big global goals and dreams, with initiatives to end hunger and fight diseases. But the arts in San Francisco haven’t always felt their generosity. Even as total philanthropic spending in the Bay Area has more than doubled over the past decade to around $5 billion, according to the Foundation Center, it’s been difficult for some arts groups to find support with so many organizations competing for attention and funding. Last year, for example, with social inequality such a   issue, one heavyweight charitable organization, the James Irvine Foundation, chose to stop spending on the arts and switch all of its future giving toward addressing poverty. The move has important repercussions: In 2015 the Irvine Foundation gave $15. 45 million to the arts, more than a fifth of the foundation’s total grants. So on Tuesday culture fans were given a reason to cheer when the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation announced a plan to spend $8 million on performing arts projects in the Bay Area over the next five years. A panel of experts convened by the foundation will help select 50 works from artists in the Bay Area. The performances will include dance, theater, music and performance art. “There’s much more of a demand for arts than we can hope to fulfill,” said Larry Kramer, the president of the foundation, which gets its funding from the fortune made from one of the founders of   the pioneering computer company. “It’s hard to raise money for the arts,” said Ben Mangan, the executive director of the Center for Social Sector Leadership at the University of California, Berkeley’s Haas School of Business. “The arts don’t fall neatly into a category of a problem to solve. ” Giving money away is fraught with difficult choices, Mr. Kramer said. “The thing about philanthropy is that there are a million problems that are worth addressing and you can’t address all of them,” he said. (Please note: We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers.) • Another round of rain began rolling through Northern California after a powerful weekend storm. [San Francisco Chronicle] • Hundreds of homes along the overflowing Russian River in Sonoma County faced flooding Monday. [The Press Democrat] • The investor Thomas J. Barrack Jr. is among the most influential Californians in   Donald J. Trump’s inner circle. [Los Angeles Times] • A United States representative from San Diego yanked a controversial artwork from a Capitol wall. Now he’s being accused of theft. [San Diego  ] • San Diego’s ambitious public transit push is slipping further from reach. [KPBS] • “Near historic”: The   Nuna has built a   database of the nation’s 74 million Medicaid patients. [The New York Times] • Yahoo said it would rename itself “Altaba” after selling its internet business. Why Altaba? [The New York Times] • The average “ ” in San Francisco is now $920, 000. [SFGate. com] • “Diabolical scheme”: A Southern California woman was accused of framing her husband’s  . [Los Angeles Times] • The “Hollyweed” prankster surrendered to the police. He said the stunt was for the sake of “art. ” [Hollywood Reporter] • Nobody was quite expecting Meryl Streep to lay down the gauntlet for a new kind of culture war. [The New York Times] • West Hollywood’s historic Formosa Cafe closed. But preservation rules mean its exterior cannot be easily altered. [Curbed Los Angeles] • Photo: A dead whale washed up near the Oakland waterfront. [East Bay Times] Hundreds of outdoor walls across Sacramento serve as canvasses for colorful murals. To find them, people have had to rely largely on word of mouth or serendipity. But now, a richly detailed Google map has been published that includes not just their locations, but also images of the works and the names of the artists behind them. The project is the brainchild of Nathaniel Miller, an interactivity editor at The Sacramento Bee. In an interview, Mr. Miller said he used his free time outside of work to research the murals over much of 2016. He portrayed himself as an art novice who was simply in the mood for a project that he thought would be of use. The murals range from the handiwork of elementary school children to interpretations by established artists. All told, Mr. Miller cataloged 420 murals, but he expects that number to grow. Sacramento officials have been embracing public art as a way to enliven the city. During the Sacramento Mural Festival last August, artists were invited to bring blank walls to life at about a dozen places across the city center. Some of the works stretched several stories high. California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a   Californian  —   born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis. Follow him on Twitter. California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley.",0
3372,The Lords of Capital Sic Crazy Hillary on the World,"Tweet Widget A Black Agenda Radio commentary by executive editor Glen Ford 
The capitalist ruling class is frightened, for good reason: the empire cannot peacefully contain the rising economic powers of the South and East. “The Lords of Capital know there is no future for them in a world where the dollar is not supreme and where Wall Street’s stocks, bonds and derivatives are not backed by the full weight of unchallenged empire.” War is the only card they have left to play – and Hillary Clinton is their favored dealer. The Lords of Capital Sic Crazy Hillary on the World A Black Agenda Radio commentary by executive editor Glen Ford 
“The Lords of Capital are creatures of U.S. imperial dominance; they go out of business when the empire does.” 
By virtually every measurement, the United States is in deep crisis, as both a society and as the headquarters of global capitalism. We can roughly measure the severity of some aspects of the crisis with the tools of economic analysis. Such an analysis is quite useful in explaining why Washington is so eager to risk war with Russia and China, whether in Syria or the South China Sea or along the ever expanding borders of NATO. To put it simply, the U.S. and western Europe become smaller, in terms of their economic influence, with every passing day, and cannot possibly maintain their political dominance in the world except by military force, coercion and terror. Those are the only cards the imperialists have left to play. The ruling circles in the U.S. are aware that time is not on their side, and it makes them crazy -- or crazier than usual. 
The ruling class’s own analysts tell them that the center of the world economy is moving inexorably to the East and the South; that this trend will continue for the foreseeable future; and that the U.S. is already number two by some economic measures -- and dropping. The Lords of Capital know there is no future for them in a world where the dollar is not supreme and where Wall Street’s stocks, bonds and derivatives are not backed by the full weight of unchallenged empire. Put another way, U.S. imperialism is at an inflection point, with all the indicators pointing downward and no hope of reversing the trend by peaceful means. 
Now, that’s actually not such a bad prognosis for the United States, as a country. The U.S. is a big country, with an abundance of human and natural resources, and would do just fine in a world among equals. But, the fate of the Lords of Capital is tied to the ongoing existence of empire. They create nothing, but seek to monetize and turn a profit on everything. They cannot succeed in trade unless it is rigged, and have placed bets in their casinos that are nominally seven times more valuable than the total economic activity of planet Earth. In short, the Lords of Capital are creatures of U.S. imperial dominance; they go out of business when the empire does. 
Beat the Clock 
The rulers are looking class death in the face -- and it terrifies them. And when the Lords of Capital become frightened, they order their servants in politics and the war industries and the vast national security networks to take care of the problem, by any means necessary. That means militarily encircling Russia and China; arming and mobilizing tens of thousands of jihadist terrorists in Syria, in an attempt to repeat the regime change in Libya; waging a war of economic sanctions and low-level armed aggression against Iran; occupying most of the African continent through subversion of African militaries; escalating subversion in Latin America; and spying on everyone on earth with a digital connection. All this, to stop the clock that is ticking on U.S. and European world economic dominance. 
Left political analysts that I greatly respect argue that Hillary Clinton and the mob she will come in with in January will pull back from apocalyptic confrontation with Russia in Syria -- that they’re not really that crazy. But, I’m not at all convinced. The ruling class isn’t just imagining that their days are numbered; it’s really true. And rulers do get crazy when their class is standing at death’s door. 
For Black Agenda Radio, I’m Glen Ford. On the web, go to BlackAgendaReport.com. BAR executive editor Glen Ford can be contacted at [email protected] .",0
3373,German Vice-Chancellor: EU Breaking Apart ’No Longer Unthinkable’,"German   Sigmar Gabriel has said it is “no longer unthinkable” for the EU to break apart in light of the Brexit referendum, migrant crisis, and ongoing troubles in the Eurozone. [Gabriel is the Nick Clegg to Angela Merkel’s David Cameron, with his Social Democratic Party (SDP) propping up her administration serving as the junior partner in her coalition government. He has butted heads with the German chancellor repeatedly in recent weeks, in an apparent attempt to put some distance between them in advance of this year’s federal elections.  “I once asked the chancellor, what would be more costly for Germany: for France to be allowed to have half a percentage point more deficit, or for Marine Le Pen to become president?” Gabriel told Der Spiegel, as reported in EurActiv, referring to the populist leader of the French nationalists, who has won increasing support through her strong opposition to mass immigration and radical Islam. ”Until today, [Merkel] still owes me an answer. ” The Saxon politician appeared to be indicating that he would like his senior partner to relax the rigid fiscal rules which govern the European Union’s (EU) single currency zone, although he conceded that any proposal to transfer money from Germany to the Eurozone’s struggling periphery would be “extremely unpopular”. As of late 2015, Germany had gained some 100 billion euros (£70 billion) from the euro crisis which has been crippling countries such as Greece, discouraging any inclination for Berlin to veer from the status quo. “But I also know about the state of the EU. It is no longer unthinkable that it breaks apart,” he added. “Should that happen, our children and grandchildren would curse us,” he added. “Because Germany is the biggest beneficiary of the European community  —   economically and politically. ” Gabriel has also clashed with Merkel over mass migration, arguing for Salafist mosques to be shut down, their preachers deported, and communities dissolved. It was a surprising   by the socialist, who was calling for Germany to take “half a million” migrants a year for “several years” and “maybe more” prior to election season.",0
3374,Peter Schweizer: FBI Naming Kushner ‘Person of Interest’ Marks ‘Major Shift in the Russian Investigation’,"On Friday’s Breitbart News Daily, Breitbart News Senior    Peter Schweizer looked forward to the G7 summit in Sicily as President Trump’s “first big meeting where he’s dealing with major allies and very complex issues. ”[“A lot of times, if you look at presidents in the past, these first meetings take on extreme importance because they set the tone for how the relationship is going to go later on,” Schweizer told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow.   “The audience is probably   with during the Cold War how Soviet leaders would test the resolve of people like President Kennedy and Ronald Reagan, to see what they were made of,” he recalled.  “Well, our allies kind of do the same thing  —   not with the same hostility, but when you have contentious issues they’re going to be looking, in their interactions with Donald Trump, at how wedded is he to the positions he staked out on climate change? How wedded is he on issues of immigration? Is there flexibility, is he going to move? And if he is going to move, how best to do it?” he anticipated.  Schweizer said it would be interesting to watch the reaction from world leaders to their interactions with Trump, looking for indications they are willing to move toward his position on contentious issues, or that they believe he is willing to move toward theirs. “We’ll get a pretty good sense in the next couple of days precisely what their assessment is of the new American president,” he predicted. Marlow asked for Schweizer’s take on the news that President Trump’s    Jared Kushner has become a focus of the investigation into possible Russian interference with the 2016 election. “First of all, Jared Kushner has significant ties to people in Russia, meaning financial ties, deals that have been done,” Schweizer responded. “Some of those are direct ties with investors where he shares investments in a company. In other instances, they’re people that perhaps are investors that are now based out of Israel, but are very tied commercially to Russia. That’s the first part of it. ” “The second part of it, though, is what’s kind of emerged is that some of the individuals that popped up initially in the Russia investigation  —   Paul Manafort, for example  —   we now know that actually Paul Manafort, one of the reasons he was hired or brought into the Trump circle was in part because Jared Kushner thought it would be a good idea,” he continued. “That’s really the main reason why the FBI is looking,” he said. “To be very clear, when the FBI uses the term ‘person of interest,’ that does not mean that they’re saying they’ve committed a crime. What they’re looking for is for him to talk and share with them about what he knows, as it relates to individuals, actions, deals that might have been done. They’re simply saying, ‘this is a guy that is going to have interesting things to say to us, and will help us in the investigation. ’”  “We want to be clear and make sure people know it does not mean that there’s guilt. It does not mean that he is obstructing or not cooperating. They are simply saying, ‘this is an individual that we are talking to,’” Schweizer stressed. “I think the accounts are so far that he is talking to them and trying to be cooperative. ”  “But it’s a major change and shift in the investigation, really for a couple of reasons,” he noted. “First of all, it means they’ve moved away from simply looking at Paul Manafort and Carter Page  —   people that are no longer part of Trump’s inner circle, that were essentially let go during the campaign. It second of all means that you now have a family member that they are saying played some kind of role, in some way, in negotiations or discussions with individuals that might be tied to the Russians. ” Marlow asked if it was surprising to see the media swarm on Kushner when “by all accounts, he seems like a guy who agrees mostly with the worldview of the establishment press. ” Schweizer saw it as important evidence against the notion that “if you appease the political Left on certain political views, they’re going to leave you alone. ” “It doesn’t work that way, because the political Left wants everything,” he contended. “They don’t want something, they want everything, which means they want their people in there. That’s how the game is played. ” “I think the reason that Jared Kushner is getting a lot of attention is simply because he is viewed by many people as perhaps the most powerful person in the White House, other than the president himself,” Schweizer speculated. “Now, that of course is subject to debate, but that I think is the perception. Part of that is not just because of the real power, but because he’s related to the president. You can’t fire your    per se. He’s always going to have a seat at the table. ” Referring to a New York Times piece on Kushner’s real estate holdings, Schweizer observed that Kushner owns a large number of   residential properties. “The company that he owns has a reputation for being very, very tough on renters. If their rent payment is a couple of hours late, they will get a notice of eviction claims from tenants that they’re not very responsive to repairs,” Schweizer observed.  “But something that I think is overlooked in this very long article is really one sentence, which talks about the fact that he procured thousands of these apartments in 2011, really at   prices, with the financial backing of Freddie Mac  —   which is the federal government’s financing agency,” he said. “To me, that sets off alarm bells because you have an instance here where it looks like Jared Kushner benefited from this sort of crony capitalism government program. A business professional who benefits from these kinds of programs, it automatically raises concerns that they now become advocates for those types of government programs,” he noted.  “I think part of it is, you do have this issue with   apartments, people complaining about draconian management agencies and the unfairness. Of course, there’s two sides to those stories. We don’t know where the truth lies. But the issue of the crony capitalism to me is the bigger concern, because again when it comes to the very difficult question of cutting government programs, particularly crony capitalism programs, perhaps there’s going to be more reluctance for supporting those initiatives by Jared Kushner because he’s benefited from them,” said Schweizer. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
3375,Behind Hillary’s DISGUSTING Plot To Sabotage Bernie’s Campaign,"We all know by now that the Clinton campaign will stop at nothing to win. 
Even if it means publishing embarrassing, demeaning photos of fellow Democrats, that’s just fine with them. 
Evidenced a photo that was circulated showing Bernie Sanders in a swimming suit apparently attending a Democratic retreat. This was all while the Clinton team was hyping stories about Sanders attending fundraisers for wealthy benefactors (which, let’s be honest, pales in comparison to the “ wealthy benefactors” Hillary has in her back pocket). 
Breitbart reported that Tina Flournoy, Bill Clinton’s Chief of staff emailed the photo of Sanders sunning himself by a pool to Brian Fallon and John Podesta, two Clinton lackeys: 
Fallon’s response? “OMG!” 
“Can we tweet?” Podesta asked. 
Fallon responded “I think we shd give to NY post.” Flournoy added she’d send more juicy details about the event, including the people who attended. 
“Thank you,” Fallon replied. “ We are on this .” 
The entire conversation was part of the ongoing WikiLeaks document hacks of John Podesta’s account. The New York Post apparently never ran with the story, but that didn’t stop the Clinton camp from sending it to other people. It was published by celebrity gossip dirtbag Perez Hilton the day after the Clinton team discussed releasing it. 
“I wonder what Mike Bloomberg would think about this???” wrote Hilton on his blog. “Bernie Sanders lounges at elite Martha’s Vineyard pool, summer 2015 after helping raise money from Wall Street lobbyists.” 
Just the next week, there were several stories in the media questioning Sanders for even attending the fundraiser for Harry Reid. 
“For Sanders, campaign finance purity not always possible” wrote MSNBC’s Alex Seitz-Wald, citing “a guest list obtained by MSNBC” that included “previously unreported are details about who exactly attended those fundraisers.” 
“Bernie Sanders: Prolific Democratic Party fundraiser,” wrote CNN’s Eric Bradner on Monday, February 8, announcing that “CNN has obtained invitations that listed Sanders as a host for at least one Majority Trust event in each year since 2011.” 
Then both Bill and Hillary picked up on those same media stories, accusing Sanders of taking Wall Street money – the height of hypocrisy. 
“Senator Sanders took about $200,000 from Wall Street firms,” Hillary Clinton said during a rally in New Hampshire on February 8. “Not directly but through the Democratic Senate Campaign Committee. There is nothing wrong with that. It didn’t change his view. Well, it didn’t change my view or my vote, either.” 
Bill Clinton attacked Sanders, referring directly to the CNN story and pointing out that he likely accepted money from Wall Street. 
And that’s how Hillary Clinton wins. By Any Means Necessary.",0
3376,Garbage Trucks Will Help Protect New York for New Year’s Eve - The New York Times,"When revelers begin arriving at Times Square on Saturday to ring in the new year, they will hear the familiar sound of police helicopters overhead, go through the mandatory bag screenings and see the usual mass of police officers. But they will also be greeted by something that has only recently become a regular feature of the city’s security infrastructure: strategically positioned garbage trucks loaded with sand. The Sanitation Department bills itself as New York’s Strongest, and its hulking vehicles have made the agency a key ally as the Police Department and other law enforcement agencies seek to guard against truck attacks like those in Nice, France, and Berlin. Trucks have been deployed outside Trump Tower on Election Day and along the route of the  Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade. The trucks weigh about 16 tons, and nearly double that with a full load of sand, according to Vito A. Turso, a spokesman for the Sanitation Department. “They’re pretty immovable,” he said. And that is the point, the police commissioner, James P. O’Neill, said at a news conference on Thursday in Times Square with Mayor Bill de Blasio. While there are no specific threats related to the event, he said, the   trucks serve as a deterrent to the type of truck attacks in France and Germany that killed dozens of people and injured hundreds more.   Donald J. Trump, who has been at his estate in Florida, is not expected to be in Manhattan for New Year’s Eve, but the Police Department said Thursday that it expected close to two million people to converge on Times Square on Saturday for the annual ball drop. “We’re going to have one of the most   best protected events at one of the safest venues in the entire world, given all the assets that we’ve employed here,” Mr. O’Neill said. “And all of this will ensure that New York City has yet another safe and enjoyable New Year’s Eve celebration, as we do every year. ”   of the Sanitation Department trucks are part of a security plan that involves close to 7, 000 police officers, assigned to guard against crime and terror by land, sea and air, as well as in the subway. Beyond Times Square, some of the sanitation trucks will be stationed near a planned fireworks display in Central Park. Similar blockades will be put in place on the streets leading to the Coney Island Boardwalk as well as on the promenade itself. More than 100 police vehicles will also be positioned to restrict access to event sites. The police will be watching from many vantage points. There will be helicopters hovering, observers on rooftops and plainclothes officers among the crowds. Their views will be complemented by hundreds of police cameras across the city. On the waterways, the department’s Harbor Unit will mingle among the dinner cruise ships and ferries plying the waters around Manhattan. And back on land, houses of worship will receive special attention for New Year’s Eve services. But Times Square remains the biggest draw, and Chief Carlos Gomez, the department’s top uniformed official, said those seeking to watch the ball drop would be required to go through several screenings before they would be allowed into one of the 65 pens set up for spectators between Times Square and West 59th Street. “We’ll use metal detectors to scan individuals entering the observation areas,” he said. “We will also deploy our full complement of     both at the event and throughout our transit system. ” “This will be a very   event, probably our   event,” Chief Gomez said. Many of the same measures will be deployed underground, where officers will be riding trains and inspecting bags and containers. Gradual street closings between 33rd and 59th Streets were expected to snarl traffic in Midtown, and the police strongly urged people to use the subway. Mr. de Blasio reminded visitors that umbrellas and large bags would not be allowed in Times Square. “I want to be real clear up front,” the mayor said. “Just don’t do it. ” But demonstrators, he said, are free to bring signs, so long as they do not use them to block the view.",0
3377,Clear heart blockages with this powerful lemon and garlic mixture,"Clear heart blockages with this powerful lemon and garlic mixture 
  Amy Goodrich Tags: cholesterol , heart blockages , natural remedies (NaturalNews) When your coronary arteries narrow, they fail to supply the heart with enough oxygen-rich blood. At first, this may result in chest pain and shortness of breath. However, when fatty substances continue to build up, a total blockage may cause a heart attack.In the United States, high levels of LDL cholesterol – also known as ""bad"" cholesterol – remain a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease and stroke. To avoid these sticky cholesterol build-ups, millions of Americans resort to cholesterol-lowering drugs .According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), more than 33 percent of U.S. adults – or 78.1 million people aged 21 or older – are eligible for cholesterol-lowering medication or are already taking it. Unfortunately, most of these drugs come with a host of negative side-effects. Think of the whole statin debate that has been going on for quite a while now.If you are one of the millions of people struggling with high cholesterol levels, regular exercise, eating a heart-healthy diet and losing weight are all it takes to lower them. Below, you'll find three remedies using lemon and garlic that will help you to keep your arteries free and your heart healthy. Heart-friendly lemon and garlic mixture Heart remedy #1 1 cup apple cider vinegar 3 cups natural honey In a saucepan or pot, combine lemon juice, garlic juice, ginger juice and apple cider vinegar. Mix well and boil for half an hour or until approximately one cup of the liquid has evaporated. When cool, stir in honey and transfer to a glass bottle or jar. Store in the fridge. Every morning before breakfast take one tablespoon of the mixture. Heart remedy #2 6 lemons, peeled and cut into small pieces 30 cloves of garlic, peeled and chopped into small pieces 2 liters filtered water Add lemon and garlic pieces to a blender or food processor. Top with one-quarter to half of the water and blend. Pour the mixture into a pot and add the remaining filtered water. Bring to a boil and simmer for five minutes. Allow to cool and strain the liquid into a glass bottle or jar. Discard the residue and store the lemon garlic mixture in the fridge. Note: Do not pour the mixture into a plastic bottle as it may leach toxic compounds into your drink.For three weeks, drink 50 milliliters of the mixture daily. Then pause the remedy for a week, followed by another three weeks of a dose of 50 milliliters a day. Repeat the treatment every 6 months. Heart remedy #3 Method 3 is for you if you don't like the lemon garlic taste. It is similar to the second method, the only difference being that it has double the amount of water and a bigger serving size. 6 lemons, peeled and cut into small pieces 30 cloves of garlic, peeled and chopped into small pieces 4 liters filtered water Work in batches. Add half of the lemon and garlic pieces to a blender or food processor. Top with one liter of the water (or less if you have a small blender) and blend. Pour the mixture into a pot and add another liter of water. Repeat with the remaining lemon, garlic and water.Bring to a boil and simmer for another five minutes. Allow to cool and strain the liquid into a glass bottle or jar. Discard the residue and store the lemon garlic mixture in the fridge.For three weeks, drink one normal-sized glass of the mixture daily. Then pause the remedy for a week, followed by another three weeks of one glass a day. Repeat the treatment every 12 months.If you want, you can slightly warm the mixture to create a healing tea or pour over ice for a refreshing iced tea. Sources for this article include:",0
3378,Re: WOW! What Josh Earnest admitted about Obamacare is stunning (because it’s true),"WOW! What Josh Earnest admitted about Obamacare is stunning (because it’s true) Posted at 1:53 pm on October 27, 2016 by Doug P. 
As we’ve reported and too many Americans have noticed, the ironically named “Affordable” Care Act has caused premiums and deductibles to go through the roof . White House Spokesman Josh Earnest actually conformed to reality: . @PressSec concedes middle-class families not eligible for tax credits are being hit by higher premiums on ObamaCare. . 
— Mark Knoller (@markknoller) October 27, 2016 
He actually told the truth about something? Baby steps. For this narrative-obsessed admin, acknowledging the reality of math is a ""concession"" https://t.co/shd5NzdUQO 
— Noah Pollak (@NoahPollak) October 27, 2016 Also concedes water is wet https://t.co/1HuZIqIM53",0
3379,Comment on Does Golf Lead To Uncontrollable Rage? by information security architect,"Does Golf Lead To Uncontrollable Rage? By Tanner Bisbee on March 14, 2015 Subscribe 
We all have a friend who’seems to be constantly frustrated or instigated easily and we assume they have some type of anger issue.?But finding out if they really have an anger problem may be as simple taking them out on the Golf Course. Public Domain Image 
Golf, a widely played sport seems to be worst?fuel for those who get ticked off easily.?Golf forces us to rely on our own skill, proper technique and the idealistic expectation of always sending the small white ball 300 yards down the fairway, however for most of us?it doesn’t work out this way. For the vast majority of us the result is a ball that slices 50 yards in the woods or only makes 100 yards down the fair. 
And for many of us this result isn’t a problem, but for those that have godly expectations or temper issues, it’s catastrophic. The very first tell tale sign is the immediate reaction after the mishit ball. Just watch your friend as soon the ball leaves the tee. Their is a very good chance that if the ball starts to shift or bend one way in the air, his face will go still and his arm will go the top of his head. 
But what next? For many of us, we walk to our bag in disbelief wondering why we botched that hit, but we ultimately let it go. However, for the temperamental person they will walk off in a huff and throw their club in the bag and keep going. And after awhile the rage begins to build up until they snap. It happens to many of us, especially on days where the ball just won’t roll our way, 
This moment can also be one of the funniest moments for the other player or spectator.?Watch as your friend unhappily steps up to the ball. Watch as he hits the ball, if the shot is bad look directly back at your friend. See as his discouragement only turns into anger. It’s almost like something in his mind just got tangled. Now the truly temperamental person will take one of three?actions: starts screaming and swearing throw his club in the woods snap the club in half, my personal favorite 
Like this guy did: 
So what should you do when your friend freaks out? Film it. At least my first reaction is too film it, because everybody on YouTube loves a freak out. So step aside cute kittens, there is a new viral video coming to town. 
About Tanner Bisbee 
Tanner Bisbee hails from the great State of Maine. He's a full time college student and serves on the football staff at school. His most notable work to date is his book Modern Day Sports Blog. To read more check out my blog http://moderndaysportsandpolitics.blogspot.com/ Connect",0
3380,A Final Match for Venus and Serena Williams. But Maybe Not the Last One. - The New York Times,"MELBOURNE, Australia  —   The sibling rivalry, at least on the tennis tour, started right here at the Australian Open for the Williams sisters. It was 1998, and older sister Venus beat younger sister Serena,   (4)   in a   match that  —   as intrusive as it felt to watch  —   surely drew more attention than any   match in history between a pair of Australian Open debutantes. The fascination in their dynamic and their futures was there from the start in Melbourne Park, known then as Flinders Park when it had only one stadium with a retractable roof instead of three. A picture of Venus consoling Serena after the match was on the front page of The New York Times. Though it would be tempting to label their Australian Open final on Saturday as a   moment and to speculate that it might be their last meeting at this late a stage of a Grand Slam tournament, it seems best to resist the temptation. The Williams sisters have taught us a lot about the limits of conventional tennis wisdom through the years. And so, even if 19 years have passed and Serena is now 35 and Venus 36, it is wise to avoid fencing them in again after they have run roughshod over so many other preconceptions. “I watched Venus today celebrating after she won the semifinal like she was a    girl, and it made you want to cry for joy just watching her,” said Marion Bartoli, a former Wimbledon champion. “Such a powerful image, and it makes you think about all those questions she was getting: ‘When are you retiring? Have you thought about retiring? How much longer?’ “You must let the champions decide when the right moment comes. ” The Williamses are both great champions, even if Serena is clearly the greater player with her 22 Grand Slam singles titles and her long run at No. 1, a spot she can reclaim from Angelique Kerber with a win Saturday. Serena has been the most prolific Grand Slam winner after age 30 in tennis history, and she is back in rare form again after another extended break at the end of 2016. She disconnected completely from the game and physical training initially and had to push hard to get back in shape in November and December. It worked. She has not dropped a set here despite a challenging draw, nor has she even been pushed to a tiebreaker. Newly engaged to the American technology entrepreneur Alexis Ohanian, who has watched her matches from the players box, and seemingly refreshed, Serena deserves to be the favorite to win her 23rd major singles title and break her tie with Steffi Graf for the highest total in the Open era. In this tournament, Serena has beaten two former members of the top 10  —   Belinda Bencic and Lucie Safarova  —   and one current member, the   No. 9 seed Johanna Konta. Venus’s draw has been soft by comparison, devoid of top 10 players  —   past or present  —   and including only one seeded player: No. 24 Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova. On Thursday, she had to scrap and come back to win,   (3)     against the powerful unseeded American CoCo Vandeweghe, while Serena cruised past the unseeded Croat Mirjana      . Serena, who already holds a   edge over her sister, could be the fresher player, too, on Saturday. But the psychology remains complex and the fallout unpredictable, even after all these years. “When I’m playing on the court with her, I think I’m playing the best competitor in the game,” Venus said. “I don’t think I’m chump change either, you know. I can compete against any odds. No matter what, I can get out there, and I compete. ” They have not played since the 2015 United States Open, when Serena won,       in a quarterfinal in which Venus attacked, often successfully, from the start but had no answer in the end for Serena’s ultimate weapon: her first serve. It was an intense match in which the big crowd in Arthur Ashe Stadium seemed more reflective than fully engaged one in which Serena’s celebration was understandably subdued with her sister across the net, even if their matches are no longer the awkward, constricted affairs of their early years. Saturday’s final in Melbourne could be intriguing on multiple levels, in part because of the Australian public. Venus is viewed here, as elsewhere, as a sympathetic figure: the older sister who has handled the younger’s greater tennis success unselfishly and with dignity. And though both sisters have had to cope with major health problems and family tragedy, with the murder of their half sister Yetunde Price in 2003, Venus is the one whose tennis fortunes dipped more dramatically. A   Grand Slam singles champion and a former No. 1, she did not advance past the third round in any major event in singles from late 2011 to the end of the 2014 season. She was a major star reduced to a minor role, largely because of an autoimmune disorder  —   Sjogren’s syndrome, diagnosed in 2011  —   that sapped her strength and endurance. When Russian hackers breached the World   Agency’s databases last fall, it was revealed that Venus had needed 13   exemptions for drugs in recent years. The retirement questions to which Bartoli referred started during that period. But Venus’s ability to cope with her condition has improved, and after rejoining the top 10 in 2015, she reached the semifinals at Wimbledon last year and then the final here. “She never even thought of the word retire,” said David Witt, her coach and hitting partner of 10 years. “I just think when she got diagnosed, it was a step back, a shock. She’s learned a lot about how to deal with it and her body, how to eat, how to manage it. “There are days she can’t work as hard as she wants to work. Some days it’s maybe not smart to do it because it will then hurt you for two or three more days. Where she is now in her career, she has to listen to her body, and I don’t think she really needs to go out and hit balls for two hours. ” Witt said there were no more    sessions in the   or in time off tour: just one session in the morning and then gym work, primarily sprints, core strengthening and flexibility. “It took her years and years to realize that stretching is important and can keep you healthier,” he said. “The more flexible you are, you’re not going to strain or pull anything. I’ve been with her 10 years, and I think it took seven years to get her to stretch. She likes to do a lot of dancing, and that consists of a lot of stretching and being flexible, so I think that’s helped. ” Her dance skills were in evidence Thursday as she pirouetted after beating Vandeweghe, but what will linger longest in memory were her screams of delight at having conquered an inspired young opponent in a semifinal. It was a moment she described as “just joy. ” “You could really see the happiness on her face,” Serena said. “I’ve been there when she was down and out of it, and back and in it. I’ve been there for all those moments, so I just really was oh so happy. ” As visceral as her reaction on court was, she was nothing but considered in the interview room. “I think why people love sport so much is because you see everything in a line,” Venus said. “In that moment, there is no  . There’s no retake. There is no  . It’s triumph and disaster witnessed in real time. “This is why people live and die for sport, because you can’t fake it. You can’t. It’s either you do it or you don’t. People relate to the champion. They also relate to the person who didn’t win, because we all have those moments in our life. ” This will be Venus’s first major singles final since she lost to Serena in straight sets in the 2009 Wimbledon final, and her first match against Serena in Melbourne since the 2003 final when Serena won her fourth Grand Slam title in a row, having defeated Venus in all four finals. “It’s just amazing,” said Rennae Stubbs, the Australian star who first met the sisters before they joined the tour. “They came onto the scene at age 15 and 16 with the beads and the hair and the exuberance, and here they are: mature, remarkable young women at 35 and 36. No matter what anyone says to me, their story from start to finish is the greatest sports story ever. ” And if the Williamses have taught us anything along the way, it is that the story is not finished until they say it is.",0
3381,LULAC Files First Lawsuit Against Texas ’Sanctuary’ Ban,"The League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC) took little time in filing the first lawsuit to try to stop the Lone Star State’s recently signed   jurisdiction bill. LULAC sued the State of Texas, its governor, and the state’s attorney general. [The mayor of the small Texas border city of El Cenizo joined with the organization whose stated mission is to “advance the economic condition, educational attainment, political influence, housing, health and civil rights of the Hispanic population of the United States. ” A sheriff and a constable from an adjacent county are also plaintiffs in the lawsuit.  El Cenizo is in Webb County right on the   Border. Its population is approximately 3, 300 and is 99. 2 percent Hispanic. The city has long considered itself “a safe haven” for illegal aliens. In 1999, city officials passed an ordinance which prohibits city employees from asking a person about their immigration status. El Cenizo Mayor Raul L. Reyes, and Maverick County’s Sheriff Tom Schmerber and Constable (Pct.  ) Mario A. Hernandez are the named plaintiffs in the LULAC lawsuit against the State of Texas, Governor Greg Abbott (in his official capacity) and Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton. Maverick County is adjacent to Webb County just northeast of the county. “The League of United Latin American Citizens has filed suit against Texas Governor Gregg Abbott seeking to block implementation of SB 4 as a violation of multiple protections in the US Constitution,” stated LULAC National President Roger C. Rocha, Jr. “We believe it is unconstitutional for the State of Texas to attempt to coerce local law enforcement into becoming de facto federal immigration agents. ” A statement obtained by Breitbart Texas from LULAC provides: “The complaint which was filed by the League of United Latin American Citizens against the State of Texas and key government officials seeks declaratory and injunctive relief from the courts to stop the state from discriminating against individuals based solely on the color of their skin. The complaint, which was the first to be filed by a civil rights organization in response to the signing of SB 4, maintains that SB 4 violates the U. S. Constitution. The statute seeks to extend local law enforcement into a field preempted by federal law. Specifically, SB 4 impermissibly extends immigration enforcement to local officials by forcing local government entities to cooperate with immigration enforcement efforts in a way that violates federal law both constitutionally and statutorily. In addition to the statute being unconstitutional, it is bad policy. SB 4 will promote distrust between local law enforcement and the community at large. ” Breitbart Texas reported in an exclusive interview with Texas Governor Greg Abbott that law enforcement and other officials who implement sanctuary policies and release criminal aliens with detainers will now be subject to the “stiffest penalties in America. ” Governor Abbott made these comments immediately following his signing of the historic bill that not only effectively outlaws sanctuary jurisdictions, but provides for criminal penalties and removal from office if violated by law enforcement officials. Abbott also strongly refuted the attempts of    media, legislators, law enforcement officials, and others that “The   controversial part of this law is what some label as the ‘show your papers’ component. ” He explained: “And what everyone seems to get wrong is they think that that provision was stricken down in the Arizona law. To the contrary, the provision in the Arizona law is stricter than the Texas law. The Arizona law required that law enforcement ASK for papers. The Texas law does not require it it allows it so there is that one difference. ” “But despite that difference, the Arizona law was upheld by every U. S. Supreme Court justice, including the liberals. ” “The   controversial part of this law has been ruled on by the U. S. Supreme Court and upheld,” the governor emphasized. The author of the bill, Senator Charles Perry ( ) said during a QA on the Senate Floor during final passage of the bill that police can already inquire about the immigration status of a person they detain. He said this bill doesn’t change anything in this regard and citizens and legal residents do not need “carry papers” to prove they are here legally. As to criminal penalties for law enforcement officers that thumb their nose at the   law after it becomes effective on September 1: All law enforcement officers are going to be required to follow this law. If they refuse to follow this law, or if they adopt sanctuary city policies, they are subject now to the stiffest penalties in America for adopting sanctuary city policies  —   which includes jail time where sheriffs could wind up in the same jail they may be releasing inmates from who are the subject of ICE detainer requests. “But these officials also are subject to a removal action,” Abbott advised, “and the counties or cities in which they operate are subject to very stiff fines. ” The law makes ignoring an immigration detainer a Class A misdemeanor, Breitbart Texas reported. When asked about Travis County Sheriff “Sanctuary Sally” Hernandez and Dallas County Sheriff Lupe Valdez, the Texas governor had this to say during the interview: “If they don’t change their policies, if they continue to handle detainers on a    basis that means they will be in violation of this law and subject to its penalties. ” The lawsuit filed in San Antonio in the U. S. District Court for the Western District of Texas has been assigned to Chief Judge Orlando L. Garcia. Judge Garcia has ruled against Texas in redistricting lawsuits brought against the state. Interestingly, the federal complaint (below) bears the name “Bexar County Constable Pct. 1 Ruben C. Tejeda” as a plaintiff but it has been manually  . The governor of Texas believes this legislation will protect its citizens and free them from danger. He clarified: “This law makes Texans safer because it prevents the types of policies that California has that lead to the tragic murder of Kate Steinle. It prevents the types of policies that were adopted by the Travis County sheriff who had policies that release back out on the street, people who are either accused of, or even convicted of, very dangerous crimes and so Texas is going to be a safer place by ensuring that law enforcement will work with federal officials to ensure that we keep behind bars, and remove from this country, those who pose a danger to our fellow Americans. ” Lana Shadwick is a writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas. She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas. Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2. LULAC Lawsuit Against Texas on Sanctuary City Ban by lanashadwick on Scribd, ",0
3383,Anti-Communist Group Makes Their First Ever Endorsement Toward The Donald.. Media Silent,"UNREAL: Calif. Soldiers Billed for Thousands After Military Decides Not to Honor Decade-Old Enlistment Bonuses 
He told the audience that he was “humbled by this endorsement from true freedom fighters.” He also referenced the Damas en Blanco (Ladies in White), a “ Cuban dissident organization composed of the wives, mothers, daughters and sisters of political prisoners.” 
“They march quietly to church every Sunday and … are subject to physical and verbal violence and abuse by government-sanctioned mobs,” Trump told the audience. He added that his opponent “turns a blind eye to the human rights violations that occur every single day.” 
As for the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association, a representative from the group called their endorsement a “no-brainer.”   
In his introduction, the representative said that the group was concerned that “corruption in our public life has become rampant and has to be stopped. He also derided the “socialist progressive agenda of Hillary Clinton .” 
You can see Trump’s speech at the event here: 
Trump has clearly shown that he’s on the side of the military, speaking out against Obama’s broken Department of Veterans Affairs, the shoddy treatment given to our veterans otherwise and the fact that our military gains have been reversed by administration policy.  ",0
3384,The Right Way to Fall - The New York Times,"Rare is the individual who hasn’t tripped over a pet or uneven pavement, tumbled off a bike, slipped on ice or maybe wiped out skiing or skating. Some get injured, while others go unhurt  —   often claiming it’s because they knew how to fall. According to paratroopers, stunt professionals, physical therapists and martial arts instructors, there is indeed a “right way” to fall  —   and it can save you a lot of grief if you know how to do it. Although often associated with older people, falls occur at any age and are the most common cause of injury seen in emergency rooms in the United States. The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality estimates that falls cause more than a third of   emergency room visits, around 7. 9 million a year. “As physical therapists we talk a lot about preventing falls, but what we don’t talk about is what to do when you actually do fall,” said Jessica Schwartz, a physical therapist in New York City who trains athletes and people with prosthetic limbs to fall without hurting themselves. “It’s almost inevitable you are going to fall, so you really should know what to do. ” The number one thing to remember, she said, is to protect your head. So if you find yourself falling, pivot to your side and tuck in your head. “Have you seen those slip and fall cartoons where the characters fall flat on their back or face? Don’t do that,” said Dr. Schwartz. “You’ll hit your head like a coconut and get a concussion,” and the reverse motion, or bounce, of your head after impact “will give you something like whiplash. ” Moreover, falling straight forward or backward raises the risk of damaging your spine and vital organs. The other thing to avoid, she said, is “foosh,” an acronym for “falling onto outstretched hands. ” If you do that, all the force of impact will be concentrated there, raising the risk of breaking your wrist. You similarly don’t want to come crashing down on your knee so you break your kneecap or do that maneuver where you kind of pedal with your feet to catch yourself, which can lead to broken bones in your foot and ankle. Instead, if you feel yourself falling, experts said you should bend your elbows and knees and try to take the hit on the fleshiest parts of your body, like the side of your thigh, buttocks and shoulder. “Aim for the meat, not bone,” said Kevin Inouye, a stuntman and assistant professor of acting, movement and stage combat at the University of Wyoming. “Your instinct will be to reach out with hands or try to catch yourself with your knee or foot, but they are hard and not forgiving when you go down. ” The key is to not fight the fall, but just to roll with it, as paratroopers do. “The idea is to orient your body to the ground so when you hit, there’s a multistep process of hitting and shifting your body weight to break up that impact,” said Sgt. First Class Chuck Davidson, master trainer at the Army’s Advanced Airborne School at Ft. Bragg, N. C. Paratroopers’ goal is to fall sideways in the direction the wind is carrying them  —   in no way resisting the momentum of the fall. When the balls of their feet barely reach the ground, they immediately distribute the impact in rapid sequence up through the calf to the thigh and buttocks. Then they roll over on the latissimus dorsi muscle, the large, flat muscle running laterally down the side of your back, and kick their feet over, shifting their weight so they end up supine with legs bent in front of them. The procedure is strikingly similar to how martial arts practitioners learn to take a fall when they are, say, thrown over someone’s shoulder or have their legs knocked out from under them. “I would say the principles we follow are: Accept that you’re falling and go with it, round your body, and don’t stiffen and distribute the energy so you take the fall in the widest area possible,” said Paul Schreiner, a black belt jiu jitsu instructor at Marcelo Garcia Academy in New York City. While martial arts falls often have a gymnastic aspect, with rather elegant and snappy kinds of somersaults, it’s still all about spreading out the force of impact. “There may be an aesthetic component, but what it does is save the body,” said Mr. Schreiner. “If you don’t take the fall in any single place, you’ll still walk out sore, but you’ll walk out of there. ” Difficult as it may sound as you’re hurtling toward the ground  —   medical bills and disability flashing through your mind  —   experts said it’s important to relax as you fall. You’re less likely to hurt yourself if you soften up all your muscles and exhale. Rigidity is your enemy, while pliability is your friend. “As unfair as it is, that’s why people who are drunk” tend to be the ones who “don’t get hurt in car crashes,” said Mr. Inouye. “They are loose and just flop around. ” Of course, you will be better able to loosen up, pivot to your side, tuck and roll if you are in good physical condition. “If you have a room full of soccer players and computer desk workers and go around knocking people over, you can bet the soccer players are going to be less likely to get hurt because of their superior strength, agility and coordination,” said Erik Moen, a physical therapist in Kenmore, Wash. But that doesn’t mean you have to be an elite athlete or paratrooper to fall the “right way. ” Young children are arguably the best fallers because they have yet to develop fear or embarrassment, so they just tumble and roll without tensing up and trying to catch themselves. Physical therapists can be helpful in assessing your weaknesses and prescribing    exercises to improve your strength and agility (for example, jumping from side to side and on and off platforms or steps) so that you will be better able to execute a fall as well as lessen the risk that you will fall in the first place.",0
3386,России приказали трепетать перед венгерскими героями,"Мир » Европа » Евросоюз Российскому послу в Будапеште объяснили, что Венгрия не потерпит оскорбительных разговоров в государственных российских СМИ о венгерской революции и ее героях. Венгрия против того, чтобы события 1956 года назывались ""погромами"" и ""цветной революцией"". Есть ли повод оскорбляться? И стоит ли нам трепетно относиться к венгерским героям? 1 комментариев 14 поделились Что для венгров значат события 1956 года 
Для венгров события 1956 года — это народная антикоммунистическая революция , а не происки ЦРУ, организовавшего ""цветную революцию"". И это прерванный полет новой демократии руками ""кровавых гебистов"" из СССР. Вторая мысль в Венгрии не нуждается в доказательствах, а в доказательство первой цитируется американский историк Тим Вейнер и его книга ""ЦРУ. Правдивая история"". Там утверждается, что у Аллена Даллеса был в 50-х годах только один человек в Венгрии — некто Геза Катона, ""американец с венгерскими корнями, который 95 процентов своего времени работал мелким клерком в государственном департаменте, отправляя письма по почте, покупая марки и канцелярские товары, подшивая документы"". Тим Вейнер пишет, что события в Венгрии произошли спонтанно, а когда восставшие обратились за помощью, американцы оружием помочь не решились, а информационная поддержка ничего не дала. 
Вывод: для венгров ""революция"" 1956 года — это основа их государственности, доказательство исключительности венгерского народа, отличающегося от всех других честностью, справедливостью, свободолюбием, ну и т.д. На это у автора настоящей статьи есть один вопрос: как же этот свободолюбивый народ допустил фашистскую диктатуру и вместе с Гитлером вторгся в СССР, где отличился особыми зверствами? А вот для Запада венгерская история - это некая пропагандистская тряпка, которой там машут всякий раз, когда надо доказать, что коммунизму сопротивлялись по идейным соображениям, а не при поддержке США. Историческая правда — в чем она? 
Для нас же важно ответить на два вопроса. Что или кого советские войска подавляли в 1956 году и правильно ли это делалось? Напомним, что Венгрия была самым верным союзником Гитлера. Она объявила войну СССР 27 июня 1941 года и воевала практически до конца с общей численностью солдат до 205 тысяч человек. Венгры участвовали в многочисленных карательных операциях. Они крайне жестоко обращались с советскими военнопленными. После зверств, которые учинили венгры на Украине и особенно в Воронеже, Сталин приказал: ""Мадьяр в плен не брать!"" На территории Венгрии в период наступления Красной армии венгры вырезали всех раненых красноармейцев и медсестер из медсанбата, располагавшегося в городе Секешфехерваре. Таким образом для СССР Венгрия 1956 года была страной-агрессором, в которой любой бунт должен караться быстро и жестко. И, судя по тем зверствам, которые творили поборники новой ""демократии"" в 1956 году, опасения, что этот мятеж был фашистским, были вполне оправданы. 
Теперь давайте представим, как бы отреагировал Вашингтон, если бы японцы в 1956 году вышли бы на улицы Токио и стали бы громить американские представительства, вешать пособников оккупантов, глумиться над американским флагом? Нет сомнений, что с Окинавы тут же были бы направлены войска, которые быстро бы успокоили такую ""революцию"". И сегодня, по Уставу ООН, Германия и Япония обязаны не быть ""агрессивными"", иначе их вернут в состояние оккупационных зон. Венгрия в 50-х годах тоже не имела права быть агрессивной. И американцы хорошо это понимали, поэтому и не вмешивались. Иначе началась бы третья мировая война. В Венгрии 1956 года, Чехословакии 1968 года и т.д. СССР удерживал не коммунистические режимы, а геополитическое равновесие. И когда оно было утеряно, мы сейчас имеем то, что имеем. Вашингтон готовил переворот в Венгрии 
Во-вторых, есть факты, что подготовкой переворота в Венгрии занимался Вашингтон. Так, в январе 1956 года американской военной разведкой был подготовлен доклад ""Венгрия: активность и потенциал сопротивления"" (Hungary: Resistance Activities and Potentials). В докладе отмечались антиславянские и антисемитские чувства определенных групп населения, их симпатии к фашистской Германии, обеспечившей в 1943-1941 годы территориальные выгоды для Венгрии. Все это, по мнению американских разведчиков, облегчало ""перевод недовольства в фазу активного сопротивления"". Страна включалась в реестр ""специальных сил"" для противодействия коммунизму. Летом 1956 года конгресс США в дополнение к 100 миллионам долларов, ассигнуемых каждый год на ведение подрывной работы против социалистических стран, выделил еще 25 миллионов. 
Американские газеты тогда сообщали, что эти средства предназначены для ""финансирования действий, аналогичных тем, которые привели к беспорядкам в Польше"". Осенью 1956 года бывший генерал хортистской армии Хуго Шонья заявил о наличии боеготового корпуса в составе 11 тысяч бойцов, способного начать действия в Венгрии. Американские военные пообещали ему помощь в переброске и снабжении. Тот же Вейнер пишет, что беженцы, приходившие в посольство, обращались к американцам: ""Почему нам никто не помог? Разве вы не знали, что венгры рассчитывают на вашу помощь?"" Разве можно так спрашивать, не имея на это оснований? Герои Венгрии — кто они? 
В заключение посмотрим, кто ходит в Венгрии в героях? В июле 2011 года суд Будапешта признал 97-летнего военного преступника Шандора Кепиро невиновным в пособничестве нацистам и массовых убийствах во время Второй мировой войны. Кепиро обвинялся в причастности к убийству 1200 евреев, сербов и цыган в оккупированном сербском городе Нови-Сад в 1942 году, был надсмотрщиком в Освенциме. После войны Кепиро бежал в Австрию, затем в Аргентину, где скрывался почти 50 лет. Когда Венгрия ""сбросила оковы коммунизма"", Кепиро вернулся в Будапешт и поселился в доме, находящемся напротив самой крупной в Европе синагоги. 
Или, например, мало кому известно, что пять лет назад премьер Орбан наградил орденом ""за заслуги"" живущего в Лондоне советского диссидента Владимира Буковского. 
И если бы российский МИД обращал внимание на то, что пишут венгерские СМИ о нашей Победе и ее героях, ""то ваш посол в Москве давно бы стоптал ботинки"", сказал Дмитрий Киселев в ответ на венгерские претензии. Кстати, почему бы не обратить внимание? Венгрия приглашает Грузию в Альянс",0
3387,Life: The Power Of Unity: This Trump Supporter And Clinton Supporter Held Each Other’s Hair While Vomiting Out Of Election Anxiety,"Email 
If this doesn’t prove what’s beautiful about America, we don’t know what does. 
Politically, Sarah Goodwin and Colleen Cassidy agree on almost nothing. They vehemently oppose the other’s candidate of choice and couldn’t differ more on the direction our country should be heading in. Yet, as this heatedly divisive election cycle comes to a head, these two demonstrated just how powerful a united American people can be when we put our differences aside and work together: Sarah, a Trump supporter, and Colleen, a Clinton supporter, held each other’s hair back while vomiting out of intense election anxiety. 
In a campaign season as contentious as this one, you really have to stop and appreciate moments like this. 
Though Sarah and Colleen come from opposite ends of the political spectrum, you wouldn’t know it when looking into the stall at their polling station in Cranford, NJ, where they both lowered their heads into the same trash can and took turns holding each other’s hair back as they retched over the psychological toll this long, strenuous election’s taken on them. No arguing, no finger-pointing, no name-calling: just dual streams of stress-induced upchuck crescendoing in a duet of dry-heaving. The sight of two people, who have been bombarded for months with messages that the other candidate will completely ruin the country as they know it, patting one another on the back and encouraging each other to get it all out, is all too welcome in an otherwise toxic and polarizing campaign season. 
Need more proof that it’s possible for Trump and Clinton supporters to overcome their shared animosity during this historical moment of anxiety? Colleen even offered Sarah an Altoid once they’d both stopped throwing up and cleaned the barf from their shirts. Further, Sarah graciously let Colleen borrow her eyeliner, which had been smudged due to the tears summoned by a panic attack she experienced while in line to vote. After checking in to make sure the other was feeling all right one last time, each went their separate ways, having found rare common ground with their political opposites in the form of sickening anxiety stoked by the intense fear politics and extremist partisan rhetoric deployed in the 2016 election. 
Yup, the spirit of Abraham Lincoln is alive, knitting a torn nation back together. 
Look at the media and you’ll see interactions between Trump and Clinton supporters portrayed as vitriolic and irreconcilably at odds. But in reality, you’ll find two human beings offering each other their sleeves to wipe the sick from their mouths before they head back out there to get this goddamn fucking thing over with, and that’s worth celebrating.",0
3388,Mylan Tries Again to Quell Pricing Outrage by Offering Generic EpiPen - The New York Times,"In its latest move to quell outrage over its price increases, the maker of the EpiPen has resorted to an unusual tactic  —   introducing a generic version of its own product. The company, Mylan, said on Monday that the generic EpiPen would be identical to the existing product, which is used to treat severe allergic reactions. But it will have a wholesale list price of $300 for a pack of two, half the price of the   EpiPen. The raging debate over EpiPen pricing has offered a surprisingly wide window into the complicated world of prescription drug pricing, in which powerful drug companies, pharmacy benefit managers, insurers and federal health programs all play major roles. However, the system remains opaque. Last week, the company announced steps to increase the financial assistance for the branded EpiPen, for both commercially insured and uninsured patients. Those measures, however, did not stem the public furor, in part because the company kept the list price the same. So now, the company will essentially sell the same product under two names at two price points, in competition with each other. The new move did not mollify critics, either. Some noted that even at $300, the generic would still be triple the price of the EpiPen in 2007, when Mylan acquired the product and began steadily raising its price. The increases have accelerated in recent years. Even the generic, expected to be available in several weeks, should provide a nice profit to Mylan because its manufacturing costs are believed to be far less than $300. Several consumer advocacy groups, unhappy with Mylan’s handling of the drug’s pricing, said that on Tuesday they would deliver petitions signed by over 600, 000 people to the company’s American corporate headquarters in Canonsburg, Pa. In addition, the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform said that it had started an investigation and had asked the company for information about the product. Robert Weissman, president of the consumer group Public Citizen, said Mylan should just cut the price across the board. “The weirdness of a generic drug company offering a generic version of its own branded but   product is a signal that something is wrong,” he said in a statement. “In short, today’s announcement is just one more convoluted mechanism to avoid plain talk, admit to price gouging and just cut the price of EpiPen. ” While   drug companies sometimes start selling   authorized generic versions of their own products, it is usually to undercut an outside generic competitor. In this case, Mylan faces no immediate generic threat. So why is it acting? And why did it not announce the move last week with the other measures? The company suggested in its news release that its action required an agreement from its manufacturing partner, Pfizer. It also has said that merely reducing the list price of the drug would not necessarily lower the prices for patients, because the    costs are set by pharmacy benefit managers and insurers. The generic should mean savings for insurers and federal health programs like Medicare and Medicaid, in addition to some patients. “Because of the complexity and opaqueness of today’s branded pharmaceutical supply chain and the increased shifting of costs to patients as a result of   health plans, we determined that bypassing the brand system in this case and offering an additional alternative was the best option,” Heather Bresch, chief executive of Mylan, said in a statement. Mylan has repeatedly pointed to   health plans, which leave patients with more    costs, as the main reason patients are suddenly noticing higher prices for EpiPens. Adam J. Fein, president of Pembroke Consulting, who studies the drug distribution industry, said that if Mylan had simply lowered the price it would have risked angering all parties in the distribution network, including pharmacy benefit managers, wholesalers and pharmacies, which take a piece of the total amount spent on the drug. Introducing a generic “is a way to do it without making enemies with a bunch of Fortune 25 companies who control your fate,” he said. Still, by selling both a generic and a branded version of the drug, one Mylan product is now battling another for sales. Ronny Gal, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein  Company, estimated in a note on Monday that Mylan’s overall revenue per epinephrine   prescription would be reduced by around 25 percent, to about $280, because of the introduction of the generic. A couple of factors are expected to limit that revenue decline. The term EpiPen is so familiar that many doctors write prescriptions for it by name, rather than for a generic epinephrine  . While pharmacists in many states will be able to substitute the generic version, some are almost sure to sell the branded version instead, leaving Mylan with higher revenue. In addition, Mr. Fein said, insurers might have negotiated deals with Mylan that make the   version less expensive for them than the generic. “It’s going to depend on your particular insurance plan, and the kind of deal they have negotiated,” he said. Consumers might also have incentives to use the   drug in some cases because most of them would have no   if they use a savings card being offered by Mylan. They might face a   albeit a relatively small one, for the generic product. Despite the lower revenue from releasing the generic, Mr. Gal said the move could be good for Mylan shareholders by easing the downward pressure on the company’s stock. After falling more than 10 percent last week, Mylan shares were up slightly on Monday. It is not uncommon for   companies to introduce a generic version of their own product  —   known as an authorized generic, in part to try to retain some sales once generic competition arrives. But the generic industry and some other critics say the practice undermines the economics of the generic business and ultimately can lead to higher costs for consumers and insurers. A study by the Federal Trade Commission several years ago found that some generic manufacturers agreed to delay the introduction of their generic product by years if the   company promised not to introduce an authorized generic. Mylan settled litigation with Teva in 2012 allowing Teva to introduce a generic EpiPen in 2015. It is not known if part of that agreement was for Mylan to withhold any authorized generic. If not, then Mylan might have been planning to introduce this authorized generic when Teva introduced its own product. But Teva disclosed earlier this year that its application had been rejected by the Food and Drug Administration. Still, it might be only a matter of time before Mylan faces new generic or nongeneric competition. Other companies, sensing opportunities, are looking at developing less expensive products that, like EpiPen, provide a rapid injection of epinephrine to counter anaphylaxis that can occur from a bee sting, peanut allergy or other cause. And pressure is mounting on the F. D. A. to be more accommodating in allowing alternatives on the market. Epinephrine, the drug, is already generic. The challenge has been developing an      that can reliably deliver the right amount of drug when used by the patient or caregiver under emergency circumstances. Sanofi removed a nongeneric competitor to EpiPen, called   from the market last year because of dosing problems.",0
3389,Keep it in the ground: renewable energy breaks new records,"Click Here To Learn More About Alexandra's Personalized Essences Psychic Protection Click Here for More Information on Psychic Protection! Implant Removal Series Click here to listen to the IRP and SA/DNA Process Read The Testimonials Click Here To Read What Others Are Experiencing! Copyright © 2012 by Galactic Connection. All Rights Reserved. 
Excerpts may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Alexandra Meadors and www.galacticconnection.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of any material on this website without express and written permission from its author and owner is strictly prohibited. Thank you. 
Privacy Policy 
By subscribing to GalacticConnection.com you acknowledge that your name and e-mail address will be added to our database. As with all other personal information, only working affiliates of GalacticConnection.com have access to this data. We do not give GalacticConnection.com addresses to outside companies, nor will we ever rent or sell your email address. Any e-mail you send to GalacticConnection.com is completely confidential. Therefore, we will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. Continue reading... Galactic Connection 2016 | Design & Development by AA at Superluminal Systems Sign Up forOur Newsletter 
Join our newsletter to receive exclusive updates, interviews, discounts, and more. Join Us!",0
3390,How Hillary Could Provoke A Nuclear War - Alan Nasser,"Taming the corporate media beast How Hillary Could Provoke A Nuclear War Originally appeared at CounterPunch Hillary Clinton is an especially ardent enthusiast of Full Spectrum Dominance (FSD). Diplomacy is for sissies. If they hesitate to capitulate to Washington’s demands, up in flames they go. In an August 2014 interview in The Atlantic Clinton dismissed negotiations with Syria and instead advocated supporting the “hard men with the guns.” Clinton’s overwhelmingly hawkish instincts were detailed in a lengthy article by Mark Landler in this year’s April 21 New York Times Magazine titled “How Hillary Clinton Became a Hawk.” Landler reports that Donald Trump and Ted Cruz “are more skeptical than Clinton about intervention and more circumspect than she about maintaining the nation’s post-World War II military commitments… neither Donald J. Trump nor Senator Ted Cruz of Texas has demonstrated anywhere near the appetite for military engagement that Clinton has.” Topping the article off, Landler supports Clinton’s bid for the White House. The Newspaper of Record is fine with war hawk Clinton’s finger on the button. This leaves us with an especially pressing worry: is Clinton likely to create the equivalent of a latter-day Cuban Missile Crisis? Her mania for U.S. global hegemony, the tilt to Asia with its arrogant and escalating provocations of China and her coming extension of the Obama policy of upping the ante with Russia, set the stage for war. The threat now is that Clinton goes big time, confronting, challenging, goading and working to humiliate two of the Great Powers, sovereignties that have made it clear that backing down is not on the table. We shall see below that the geopolitical stage is set for such a showdown. And we’ll see how FSD plus the logic of the arms race, now back in swing with a vengeance, equals armed conflict unless one of the contestants does a Khrushchev, i.e. backs down. But the Chinese have announced their unwillingness to retreat in the face of U.S. provocations, and Russia will not cave in a second time to a Clinton JFK impression. The specific dynamics of how the combination of the push for global hegemony plus the arms race must lead to war unless one of the adversaries backs down was spelled out with characteristic lucidity by Paul Sweezy, the economist and co-founder of the magazine Monthly Review (September 1982), in a remarkable essay titled “Nuclear Chicken.” Later in this article I shall borrow from the core argument of Sweezy’s essay in applying his analysis to the current conjuncture. I begin with a prefatory account of the portentous geopolitical realities, including leading think tanks’ and media bigwigs’ attempts to revive what used to be called “thinking the unthinkable”. Russia’s Nuclear Superiority and Washington’s Response Let’s begin with a summary of today’s arms race. Russia’s nuclear capabilities are known to be far superior to the U.S.’s, which explains Washington’s and NATO’s threefold strategy to commit billions of dollars to upgrading the U.S. nuclear arsenal, to draw as many as possible of the former Soviet republics into NATO, so that the alliance has expanded right up to the Russian border and engaged in continuous NATO military exercises there, and to deploy anti-missile systems in Eastern Europe to alert Russia that Washington/NATO is not intimidated or restrained by Russia’s nuclear advantage. The clock has begun ticking. As a recent Guardian headline reports, “NATO countries begin largest war game in eastern Europe since cold war.” Early this month NATO launched Operation Anaconda, the largest such military exercise in a quarter century, since the Soviet Union dissolved in 1991. According to a NATO announcement, this war game involves 31,000 troops, 105 aircraft, 3,000 vehicles and 12 warships. The largest troop contingent, numbering 14,000 is from the United States. 5,000 NATO forces are currently carrying out similar actions in Lithuania and Latvia. The Obama administration has pledged a military confrontation with Russia should the unstable right-wing governments there or in Estonia “provoke” Russia. The stated aim of these exercises is to anticipate a scenario in which NATO and Russia come to war. In a gruesome irony, the dress rehearsal has German tanks crossing eastward through Poland. And in an act at least as bold and threatening as any during the Cold War, a new U.S. military headquarters has been created in Poland, equipped with Washington’s most advanced military equipment. NATO is building up its forces in eastern Europe much as Germany did in the run-up of the 1930s. Russia will not take this sitting down. The inevitable succession of escalations and counter-escalations portends nuclear confrontation. Former Soviet premier Mikhail Gorbachev described the situation succinctly: NATO leaders “only talk about defense, but actually they are preparing for offensive operations… All of the rhetoric in Warsaw simply clamors for all but declaring war on Russia.” UPI’s coverage of an early July British Army annual Conference on Land Warfare confirms Gorbachev’s concern. In his presentation, an Army general representing the U.S. identified the Army’s top priority as “to deter and if necessary defeat Russia in a war.” Close nuclear shaves have happened in the past, and the Guardian notes, in connection with the present provocation, that “defense experts warn that any mishap could prompt an offensive reaction from Moscow.” Russia’s Foreign Minister warns that “We do not hide [our] negative attitude toward the NATO line of moving its military infrastructure to our borders, drawing other countries into military unit activities. This will activate Russia’s sovereign right to provide its own safety with methods that are adequate to today’s risks.” Clinton’s mindset perceives a remark like this as a challenge, rather than as a reasonable response to provocation. She will feel obliged to up the ante lest “we” appear to lack “resolve”. By this logic, not to escalate in the face of a perceived challenge is tantamount to capitulation. It is an invitation to a Russian counter-escalation. The dynamic is self-perpetuating and is a straight path to nuclear face-off. Russia has more tactical nuclear weapons and low-yield nuclear weapons than the United States. The world’s fastest missile, the SS-18, can hit New York City and Los Angeles in less than 25 minutes. The U.S. has as yet no effective deterrent. No less significant is Russia’s lead in anti-missile missiles. The S-400 and S-500 can knock out any US ICBM, cruise missile and stealth aircraft. The U.S. F-22, F-35 and B-2 are rendered practically worthless. And China is working toward an effective deterrent to any U.S. military adventure: Russia is scheduled to soon deliver S-400s to China. But Russia has yet to install its superior missiles and antimissile missiles in every defense position required to neutralize NATO attacks in any likely theater of war. Hence NATO’s flurry to quickly surround Russia and weaponize her neighbors. In an attempt to overcome Russia’s nuclear advantage, Washington/NATO will install putatively defensive antimissile missiles in Poland and Romania that can be easily morphed into attack missiles capable of striking their Russian targets in 5 minutes. Russia is then obliged to develop yet another counter. NATO will attempt to outdo this measure. This cannot go on forever. At some point, face-off rears its head. It is the nature of this self-perpetuating race to transform the notion of a “winner.” The only way this kind of competition can be won is for one of the contestants to give up, an impossible outcome, or strike first. In Pentagonese the latter is called “counterforce,” the destruction of the enemy’s retaliatory capability by a First Strike. Wackos like General Curtis LeMay (General Buck Turgidson in Dr. Strangelove) pushed this option, which had virtually no currency with top policy makers and advisors. Instead, Washington retained the option of first use, a last resort when conventional means of warfare fail. Nuclear weapons were understood as deterrents. In the old days, once the Soviet Union had matched Washington’s nuclear capabilities, Mutual Assured Destruction (MAD) seemed to permanently consign nuclear weapons to the role of deterrents. In that case, the risk of nuclear war was reduced to close to zero. And counterforce was off the table. But that was then. Now we tremble under the radical policy changes after the first Iraq war. Immediately after Iraqi troops were forced to retreat from Kuwait in 1991, then president George H.W. Bush triumphantly exulted “By God, we’ve kicked the Vietnam Syndrome once and for all.” The door was now open not merely to “low-intensity warfare” and local counterinsurgency aggressions, but to larger-scale interventions on a limitless scale. Pushing the envelope further still, the George W. Bush administration repudiated the ABM treaty and officially opened the door to the use of nuclear weapons in a First Strike. Deterrence was no longer the principal function of nuclear weapons policy. As we shall see, nuclear weapons were soon thereafter to become routinely regarded by policymakers as instruments of “conventional” warfare. We shall see below that major think tanks and policymakers are now up to their ears in detailed planning for nuclear confrontations with China and Russia. This is the context surrounding the rise to the presidency of the person with perhaps the itchiest trigger finger in Washington. Most of us used to think that MAD ruled out another potential apocalypse like the Cuban Missile Crisis. No one can believe that now. The soul-searing anxiety much of the world experienced during the Cold War years preceding the Soviets’ achievement of nuclear parity with Washington has been restored. The Political Psychology and Arms-Race Logic of U.S. Militarism: the Need to Maintain “Credibility” It is an axiom of imperial politics that the hegemon can under no circumstances give up. Washington has claimed not merely unsurpassed but unequalled global military predominance. And Sam has been consistent: since the aspiration to FSD is bound to meet resistance, Washington must be committed to permanent war, a doctrine once associated by Dick Cheney and Associates, but now embraced by the entire policy-making establishment. Because Russia’s actually existing potential for universal deterrence takes time to fully put in place, the U.S. must in the meantime convince the world that it means business. The master imperative of hegemony is that Washington must maintain its credibility.” Clinton talks of “resolve.” Same thing. In the context of nuclear warmongering, this means that if Washington is to get what it wants from other nations, it must wield the threat of a nuclear strike, but that strategy is useless unless the threat is believable. When push comes to shove, as we shall see below, the only convincing proof of the threat’s credibility is the actual use of nuclear weapons. Part of what this entails is taking action, on the principle that “if you are not with us you are against us,” against regimes that do not pledge allegiance to the imperial project. Hence, nations that assert independence, or ally themselves with influential powers opposing U.S. hegemony, shall be pummeled, destroyed as functioning states, threatened, or subverted: cf. Russia, China, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Yemen, Venezuela, Honduras et al. Military incursions have been limited to conventional means of destruction. None of these aggressions has so far threatened a major nuclear confrontation with a Great Power. We have as yet seen nothing comparable to the Cuban Missile Crisis. As yet. But this is set to change. We shall see in the following section that nuclear war has now become the obsession of policymakers and policy-related think tanks. The Elite Consensus around Thinking the Unthinkable Washington's recent escalations are reflected in recent elite exhortations to revive military-confrontations of the Cold War era. In a recent issue of Foreign Affairs John J. Mearsheimer and Stephen M. Walt state: ""There are regions outside the Western Hemisphere that are worth expending American blood and treasure to defend... In Europe and Northeast Asia, the chief concern is the rise of a regional hegemon that would dominate its region, much as the United States dominates the Western Hemisphere.” Here is an explicit statement of the doctrine of FSD: the U.S. must dominate the globe's every region. Regional ""spheres of influence” are no longer part of the empire’s thinking. In a May Washington Post editorial titled “The Liberal International Order is Under Fire. The United States Must Defend It.” we are warned that; Hardly a day goes by without evidence that the liberal international order of the past seven decades is being eroded. China and Russia are attempting to fashion a world in their own illiberal image… This poses an enormous trial for the next U.S. president… no matter who takes the Oval Office, it will demand courage to demand difficult decisions to save the liberal international order… The United States must keep trying to integrate China into the rules and traditions of the liberal international order—a policy of eight presidential administrations—while also marshaling forces to confront China’s assertive and unilateral grab of territory in the South China Sea. Likewise, stabilizing Ukraine and saving it economically will be a vital bulwark against Russia’s violent subversion. The “liberal international order” is the capitalist globe as dominated by the U.S. China and Russia are not attempting to “fashion the world” into anything at all. Russia is involved in no “violent subversion.” The reality is that these powers are feared to develop sufficient power and influence to obstruct America’s ability to call the international shots, to predominate politically and militarily everywhere, including in China’s and Russia’s neighborhoods. A comparably enormous U.S. hegemonic counter-power must be put into place. This will involve “difficult decisions.” Meaning that the U.S. leadership must be prepared to risk military confrontation in order to scare away these obstacles to U.S. hegemony. The Post cites a report by the Center For a New American Security, chaired by the neocon war hawk Robert Kagan, in support of a stepped-up global imperial campaign. Kagan’s report, titled “Extending American Power: Strategies to Expand U.S. Engagement in a Competitive World Order,” lays the cards on the table: “At a time when partisanship in the American political establishment has reached unprecedented heights, the group believes it is more important than ever to rebuild the national consensus on America’s role in the world. This project promotes the idea that American leadership is critical to preserving and strengthening the bedrock of today’s international order, which is being shaken by a variety of forces.” Two key rationales are evident. The global system directed by America’s “leadership” is under threat. Steps must be taken. And Kagan calls upon the erstwhile strategy of externalizing domestic tensions. The Trump-Clinton-Sanders debate has reintroduced a dangerous “partisanship” [read: debate beyond permissible orthodox limits] which threatens “national consensus” [read: debate within mainstream parameters]. A national campaign peddled as a defense against global threats to American freedom can neutralize partisanship by directing domestic discontent to external enemies. And there’s nothing like war to unite a nation internally riven. A recent report by the influential Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments rationalizes the current multibillion dollar nuclear buildup. The report focuses on U.S. tensions with Russia, and is frighteningly titled Rethinking Armageddon (RA). The conceit behind the title is that we must put behind us the belief that Russia’s achievement of nuclear parity with the U.S. guaranteed Mutual Assured Destruction (MAD), and undermined the feasibility of the use of nuclear weapons. On the contrary, argues RA, we are now in a “second nuclear age” which frees the U.S. to deploy nuclear weapons “in a discriminate manner.” The report is introduced with a citation from the Cold Warrior John Foster Dulles: “If you are scared to go to the brink, you are lost.” In a spine-chilling clue to what could be the second major historic instance of nuclear brinksmanship, RA outlines a scenario in which Washington is on the brink of a confrontation with Russia. Putin announces that Russian forces will provide humanitarian assistance to civilians “displaced from their homes by Latvia’s aggressive and violent efforts to suppress the rights of ethnic Russians.” The U.S. has, according to RA, four options, three of which require the use of nuclear weapons against Russia. Under what RA regards as the old-hat thinking about MAD, such options would have been ruled out. No more. RA’s conception of a “limited” nuclear strategy that would not provoke a more intense engagement would have the U.S. deploy “a small number of weapons” early on in the conflict. That way the Russians would be convinced that we mean business and would not risk further conflagration. They would simply concede defeat and back off. We are to believe Russia would embrace the inescapable implication of RA’s strategy, that it would accept U.S. FSD and resign itself to taking orders from Washington. Not a chance. So intense is Uncle Sam’s hunger for global predominance that he cannot assess with a modicum of rationality the consequences of his Olympian ambitions. Hillary Clinton specializes in this kind of self-delusion. And Obama has prepared her opportunity: the administration has pledged to take military action against Russia should the unstable right-wing regimes of Latvia, Lithuania or Estonia provoke the Bear, e.g. by persecuting these countries’ Russian-speaking, Russia-friendly minorities. Was the administration unaware of Putin’s promise of aid should Latvian ethnic Russians be persecuted? Russia is not the only potential object of Washington’s perilous provocation. Uncle Sam has China too in the bullseye. Washington’s “Tilt To Asia” and Provoking China Shortly after Obama’s inauguration, Washington sent the Navy surveillance ships the USNS Impeccable and the USNS Victorious into China’s EEZ (exclusive economic zone). This was the beginning of a series of escalating provocations. The Chinese responded rationally, by installing defensive missiles around the zone. The New York Times reports the most recent application of this strategy, in a story titled “U.S. Carriers Sail in Western Pacific, Hoping China Takes Notice.” In mid-June Washington engaged two U.S. carrier groups, led by the U.S.S. John Stennis and the U.S.S. Ronald Reagan, in joint deployments into the Philippine Sea. 12,000 sailors, 140 aircraft, and six smaller battleships conducted joint surveillance operations. This was only the most recent incitement in a series of instigations. In the 10 days prior to the above exercise, the Stennis and Reagan had conducted joint maneuvers in the South China Sea with Japanese and Indian navies, after deploying four Navy Growlers, electronic warfare planes and 120 military personnel to Clark Air Base in the Philippines. Washington has in the last two years recruited leading powers in the Asia-Pacific region, and in March and April began a sharp escalation of its military threats. Japan and Australia, and other allies including Singapore, Vietnam, Malaysia, the Philippines and Indonesia have initiated hostile operations against China. Most of these countries have been encouraged by Washington to develop their naval power, and have subsequently increased their military spending. In 2015 alone the Philippines increased military spending by more than 25 percent, and Thailand, Vietnam, Singapore and Malaysia by 5 to 16 percent. Age-old and geopolitically insignificant contestations over reefs and small islands have been resurrected in defense of these provocations. Vietnam has in recent months secretly fortified several of its islands in the Spratly group in the South China Sea with mobile long range rocket launchers. It would take only days to make them operational with rockets capable of striking Chinese-held islets. Hanoi’s move is certain to further accelerate the arms race that is already underway and to heighten the risk that an incident or provocation could lead to military conflict. That danger has escalated in the wake of the ruling last month by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague in favor of a U.S.-backed case brought by the Philippines to challenge China’s territorial claims in the South China Sea. A recent Reuters report revealed that Vietnam has shipped its launchers to five of its Spratly islands and carefully hidden them from aerial surveillance. The launchers are part of Vietnam’s EXTRA rocket artillery system purchased recently from Israel. The system uses targeting drones, is highly accurate up to 150 kilometers and can deliver a 150 kilogram warhead that can hit ships and land targets. Chinese installations on Subi, Fiery Cross and Mischief Reef would be well within the range of Vietnamese rockets. In an alarming development, Admiral Henry Harris, the commander of U.S. Pacific Forces, is pressing for further aggression to take place inside the 12-mile exclusion zone around territory held by China. According to Navy Times the commander “wants to drive through an area and do military operations,” which would include launching aircraft and firing weapons systems. The Obama administration is reluctant to push this hard, but Clinton, who promises to escalate the violence in Syria beyond what the administration prefers, is characteristically more in tune with the most aggressive recommendations. The Times warns that, in the light of the current escalations—which do not include the batty incursions urged by Admiral Harris—“some sort of confrontation seems increasingly likely.” Chinese officials agree. A specialist in military strategy associated with the People’s Liberation Army warns that “China will very likely strike back if the U.S. comes within 12 miles of the [Nansha] islands.” Another military authority at Nanjing University alerted Washington that “The U.S. provocation has boosted the chance of military confrontation between Beijing and Washington.” And the state-controlled Global Times warns that “China hopes that disputes can be resolved by talks, but it must be prepared for any military confrontation.” This has not deterred the U.S. from developing detailed plans for war with China. The Mitchell Institute For Aerospace Studies has reported that Air Force officers are preparing the most detailed plans to date for deploying the F-35, the most advanced fighter plane, in an all-out war with China. Is our next president licking her chops at the opportunity to play her favorite game? Prominent think tanks have recently provided grist for Clinton’s mill. Last year the Council on Foreign Relations, the leading elite foreign-policy think tank, released a study titled “Revising U.S. Grand Strategy Toward China”. The upshot is that antagonisms are growing between what the council considers the world’s two most powerful nations, tensions that require an escalation of Washington’s policy of confrontation. The hostilities are grounded in China’s reluctance to embrace the core of U.S. foreign policy, identified thus by the Council: “Preserving U.S. primacy in the global system ought to remain the central objective of U.S. grand strategy in the twenty-first century.” The “threat” to U.S. national interests consists in China’s refusal to submit to the U.S. demand that it exercise no predominant influence in its own neighborhood! What unsettles elites most, according to the Council, is the “challenge by China to U.S. primacy in Asia.” This is but one of the horrifying corollaries of FSD. Under a Clinton presidency, this amounts to a virtual invitation to war. The RAND Corporation has taken up planning for war with China in a study commissioned by the U.S. Army titled “War with China: Thinking Through the Unthinkable.” The phrase “thinking the unthinkable” was coined by RAND’s chief postwar strategist, the Strangelove counterpart Herman Kahn, whose book On Thermonuclear War advanced a strategy for winning a nuclear war against the Soviet Union. The study makes it clear that war with China is by no means out of the question, but stresses that as time passes Washington’s nuclear advantage is sure to decline. The clear implication is that sooner is better than later. Rand anticipates that military action against China will foment a resurgent antiwar movement, in which case the “system of civilian control” will be deployed for large-scale suppression. As if to prepare the way for the coming commander in-chief, the administration has begun a massive nuclear weapons “modernization” program. The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute comments that “The ambitious U.S. modernization plan presented by the Obama Administration is in stark contrast to President Obama’s pledge to reduce the number of nuclear weapons and the role they play in U.S. national security strategy.” The Stockholm Institute, of course, is shocked, shocked by yet another Obama lie. Against this background, only the blind fail to see the coming to power of the warmonger Clinton as placing another world-historic crisis on the agenda. A realistic example of the impending threat is found in one of RA’s scenarios for nuclear confrontation between the U.S. and Russia. A key trigger of war would be that “the limited reaction of the United States and Europe to Russia’s actions in Ukraine and Syria, however, have eroded their credibility…”. RA outlines similar credibility crises in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. Let us look further into the pivotal notion of maintaining credibility—Clinton’s “resolve”—in the history of nuclear geopolitics. Hegemonic Credibility in the Last Potential Armageddon: The Postwar Arms Race and the Cuban Missile Crisis Dwight Eisenhower, in his memoirs Mandate For Change , spelled out the fundamental rationale of U.S. nuclear policy when Washington was a nuclear-weapons monopolist: “My feeling was [during the Korean war], and still remains, that it would be impossible for the United States to maintain the military commitments which it now sustains around the world… did we not possess nuclear weapons and the will to use them when necessary.” Mere possession of the weaponry is not enough. There must be the credible threat to use them. That threat was an established practice in postwar U.S. foreign policy. Here are but a few instances, courtesy of Daniel Ellsberg: • Truman’s deployment of “atomic capable” B-29s to Britain and Germany during the 1948 Berlin Blockade • Truman’s threat to consider nuclear retaliation, in November 1950, when Chinese troops surrounded Marines at Chosin in Korea • Eisenhower’s nuclear threat to China to force a 1953 settlement in Korea • Secretary of State Dulles’s offer of three tactical nuclear weapons to France in 1954 to relieve French troops at Dienbienphu • Eisenhower’s 1958 threat to nuke China if it should invade the island of Quemoy • The 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis • The 1968 announcement that nuclear weapons might be used to defend Marines at Khe Sanh, Vietnam • Nixon’s 1969 threat to use nuclear weapons in North Vietnam It was the Cuban Missile Crisis, when John F. Kennedy threatened to nuke Russian-installed Cuban Missile sites unless Khrushchev had them removed, that prompted the Soviets to conclude that lest they be permanently subject to nuclear bullying the Soviet Union must surpass U.S. nuclear capabilities. By the mid to late 1970s, the Soviets had achieved nuclear parity with the U.S. Not only had Washington lost its nuclear monopoly, but not too long afterwards the Soviets were to achieve defensive superiority. The world-historic upshot of this development is that Washington’s nuclear threats had lost their credibility. Recall that the ultimate test of credibility is actual use. The 1945 atomic bombing of Japan had shown that Washington was indeed willing to use these weapons for geopolitical purposes. But actual use is only a necessary condition of credibility; the intimidator must also be a nuclear monopolist. With the U.S. no longer a nuclear monopolist, actual use was thought to be ruled out by virtue of MAD. Nuclear threats were no longer credible. The looming threat of nuclear annihilation seemed gone forever. The rest of the world was freer to do what it pleased. Thereafter, the rationale for nuclear weaponry was generally acknowledged to be deterrence. “Counterforce,” i.e. First Strike, was out of the question. Accordingly, the nuclear disarmament movement virtually vanished. But only for a short while. In late 1981 and through 1982 not only did the U.S. anti-nuke movement revive, but a hitherto hardly existent European nuclear disarmament movement came into being. What precipitated this movement was the NATO decision in December 1979 to augment its European nuclear arsenal with Pershing and Cruise missiles, correctly perceived by the Soviets and by activists as counterforce (First Strike) weapons. Two consequences of this unexpected move became evident. For the first time, nuclear confrontation in the European theater became a live option, shifting the risk of nuclear war from the U.S. to the NATO partners. When European activists declared this shift to be intolerable, Reagan’s Secretary of State Alexander Haig rejoined “There are worse things than nuclear war.” The antiwar movement in Europe exploded. Secondly, the Soviets saw this as upsetting what had been a stable balance of forces in Europe by restoring the functional equivalent of U.S./NATO nuclear superiority. Both Great Powers had been building their deterrent capacities all along, but Washington arbitrarily cited the latest Soviet development as the reason for the dramatic buildup in Europe. A compelling explanation of Washington’s escalation was put forward by Paul Sweezy in the essay cited above. Sweezy noted that the U.S. had always been the prime initiator of nuclear weapons buildups, he took seriously the implications of the need that the nuclear threat be credible, and he observed recent major shifts in global power in relation to these implications. The most conspicuous development preceding the new buildup was the stunning series of defeats for imperialism that had occurred during the 1970s. Eisenhower’s pre-MAD assertion that U.S. global hegemony required that Washington must have “the will to use [nuclear weapons] when necessary” made imperial sense prior to MAD. But his words became empty after the U.S. lost its nuclear monopoly. Why? Because the credibility of the nuclear threat was lost once Uncle Sam was no longer the only master gunslinger in town. The 1970s provided powerful evidence that the U.S. had come to suffer a conspicuous relative decline in its military power and therefore, in today’s parlance, in its ability to exercise Full Spectrum Dominance. Here’s what global resistance accomplished in the 1970s: • Portugal lost its African colonies in 1974 • a year later the U.S. lost the Vietnam war • one of the U.S.’s major Central American clients, Anastasio Somoza, was over thrown out of Nicaragua by a socialist opposition • as a result, insurgencies spread in other parts of Central America • in Zimbabwe a national liberation movement came to power • the regime of the Shah of Iran, Washington’s paramount junior partner in the Middle East, was overthrown by anti-Western revolutionaries The fall of the Shah was arguably as devastating a defeat for U.S. imperialism as was the defeat in Vietnam. Billions of dollars of advanced weaponry was transferred to a hostile power, as were the prized oil fields. To the ruling class, the U.S. now looked to the world like a “pitiful, helpless giant” (the term used by Nixon to justify the invasion of Cambodia and the bombing of North Vietnam). It appeared that what we say doesn’t go. The defeat was hammered home in November 1979, when the Ayatollah’s regime seized 52 American hostages in Teheran and held them for 444 days. Adding further insult to further injury, shortly afterwards the Soviets moved into Afghanistan. How must all this appear to a class that wants to rule the world by nuclear intimidation? Soon after the foregoing setbacks, Jimmy Carter announced the Carter Doctrine, which included which included the threat to use nuclear weapons should the Soviets move toward Iran’s oil fields, and announced years of coming increases in the defense budget. The reaction to the defeats of the 1970s was evident in U.S. policy into the Reagan years. On May 30, 1982, The New York Times featured an article titled “Pentagon Draws Up First Strategy For Fighting A Long Nuclear War,” describing a “limited” a nuclear war in Europe and Pentagon plans for fighting a “protracted” nuclear war against the Soviets. This was merely the latest, albeit markedly stepped-up, version of the going strategy regarding nuclear escalation: to make Washington’s enemies believe that the U.S. was really preparing to fight and win a nuclear war. Elites were not so stupid as to be unaware of the suicidal and self-destructive consequences of initiating a nuclear war. Escalating buildups were intended to induce the fear that the threat was credible and so to inhibit behavior unacceptable to Uncle Sam. Deterrence was still the name of the game. After all, it worked in Cuba in October 1962 and it was perceived to have worked in the six instances of atomic diplomacy enumerated above. What has emerged is a qualitatively new phase in the arms race and in nuclear-weapons policy. As noted above, it is only in recent years that the full import of the rejection of MAD as the basis for the policy of deterrence and the consequent openness to First Strike as a viable option in Washington’s pursuit of FSD have been openly embraced by elites. The turn to Armageddon has naturally resulted in detailed strategic planning, including large-scale redeployment of troops and nuclear weapons in regions chosen for their suitability for aggression against those powers perceived by Washington to be major impediments to U.S. dominance. Never before have such arrogant provocations been exercised. Developments since the 1970s have unfolded as they would had the U.S. no nuclear weapons. We might as well not have them. Hence the current multi-billion-dollar new nuclear buildup. The credibility of the nuclear threat appears to have been permanently undermined. Deterrence is therefore no longer the rationale for nuclear weapons policy. The alternatives now are no use or first use. And no use is out of the question. Enter Hillary Clinton. The Present in the Light of the Past Elites no longer have the assurance that comes of perceived omnipotence. A number of setbacks have undermined Uncle Sam’s conceit of omnipotence and motivated the U.S. to escalate enormously its global aggression in a delirious effort to intimidate its principal rivals and restore the credibility of the ultimate threat. Among these comedowns are the serial failure to achieve stated objectives in Vietnam, Iraq, Iran and Libya, the stated determination of some states to replace the dollar as a universal reserve currency, the acceptance by oil producers like Iraq, Iran and Libya of payment for oil in currencies other than the dollar, the emergence of non-state effective challengers to Washington’s global predominance, such as the mujahideen, al Qaeda and ISIS and increasing talk of the formation of regional trade blocs discarding the dollar altogether in the blocs’ trade and investment relations. Clinton’s notorious bellicosity is in part a cry of desperation at these seemingly intractable obstacles to FSD. Her overblown swagger betrays a sense of vulnerability and uncertainty that provokes lashing out, an especially dangerous impulse in a chief executive who appears constitutionally disposed to imperial brutality and pathologically assured of Washington’s entitlement to global obeisance. Clinton harbors a deep resentment of Washington’s declining credibility. Her determination to demonstrate U.S. “resolve” in the context of present historic military provocations nurses a tendency to brinksmanship. If she experiences the variety of defeats and obstacles to U.S. economic and military hegemony the way elites perceived the profound defeats of the 1970s, and if these fetters seem to her unbreakable by conventional military means, the option of nuclear chicken presents itself as--and this is the word appropriate to a woman who has relished Gaddafi’s murder by anal rape-- delicious. John F. Kennedy will be invoked as a courageous leader whose readiness to risk Armageddon was testimony to the depth of America’s commitment to freedom and democracy everywhere. In the July 24 New York Times, the most widely read Clinton propaganda venue, the editorial board provides an indication of the likely chicken-inducing scenarios to come. The paper’s comments are entirely in step with the frightening analyses of the think tanks discussed above. The Times is troubled that Trump is not as reliable a war hawk as Clinton. Obama had promised the far-right anti-Russian regimes in the Baltic states of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia. U.S. military intervention, including troops on the ground, should any of these regimes allege Russian interference, e.g., defense of the rights of ethnic Russians. The Times regards Trump’s reluctant willingness to go to war against “an increasingly aggressive” Russia on behalf of these states as unduly conditional on their having “fulfilled their obligations” to the United States. This would, the Times fears, “play into the hands of Russia’s president, Vladimir Putin,” Washington’s Hitler du jour. The newspaper is also distressed that Trump is unenthusiastic about the deployment of U.S. troops in Korea and Japan. This would “significantly reduce American influence at a time of increasing Chinese aggression.” Clinton has promised to continue the policies of Obama. Uh-oh. A recent front-page Times article reminds us that Obama “has now been at war longer than Mr. Bush, or any other American president...he will leave behind an improbable legacy as the only president in American history to serve two complete terms with the nation at war.” This is a record seemingly impossible to surpass. I’m not so sure. Don’t put anything martial past Mrs. Clinton. Alan Nasser is professor emeritus of Political Economy and Philosophy at The Evergreen State College. His website is: http://www.alannasser.org. His book, United States of Emergency American Capitalism and Its Crises will be published by Pluto Press next year. If you would like to be notified when the book is released, please send a request to:",0
3391,Kissinger’s Files and Invisible Ink Recipes: C.I.A. Trove Has It All - The New York Times,"A magician walks into a laboratory. It’s not the beginning of a joke. It’s the subject of a declassified 1969 Central Intelligence Agency memo, one of more than 930, 000 searchable documents that the agency posted online on Tuesday. The memo about the magician was among the more unusual files in the trove of declassified reports, which include more than 12 million pages of dispatches and correspondence that document the history of the C. I. A. If you wanted, you could read up on the United States government’s research on “spiritualist healers in Mexico,” the “dreamlike structure of telepathic assertions” or “an assessment of the evidence for psychic functioning. ” Or you could examine the agency’s actions and research during the Vietnam and Korean Wars. Maybe you would prefer to read through the files of Henry A. Kissinger, who was secretary of state under Richard M. Nixon and Gerald R. Ford, or a description of the Berlin Tunnel, a wiretapping effort to monitor the Soviet Union during the Cold War. You can look through intelligence reports on specific countries or events, find recipes for invisible ink or learn how to open sealed letters. “It gives insight into a lot of different elements of our history since the 1940s,” said Mike Best, a journalist and archivist who pushed for the online publication of the files. Technically, you could have gained access to the files before, but only if you drove to the National Archives building in College Park, Md. where there were four computers you could use to sift through the C. I. A. Records Search Tool, known as Crest. You couldn’t email or otherwise electronically transmit files to yourself, but you could print them out on the C. I. A. ’s dime (as long as the paper and ink hadn’t run out). “Access to this historically significant collection is no longer limited by geography,” Joseph Lambert, the C. I. A. director of information management, said in a statement. “The American public can access these documents from the comfort of their homes. ” Mr. Best would often drive 90 minutes from southeast Pennsylvania to examine the documents. Nearby signs instruct users that their searches and printed files are being monitored, he said. “You’re under surveillance for doing this entirely legal thing,” he said. The publication of the files represents a potential motherlode of background material for researchers, journalists and curious hobbyists. While many such people have already combed through the material in Maryland, the online publication will allow for access among people who can’t drive there. But, to be clear, most of the files are pretty boring. The collection appears to be the result of regular bureaucratic collation: Someone sends something interesting to the agency (the magician, who someone claimed was a   healer) or someone writes an interesting academic paper (the spiritualist healers) and the result is files like these, summaries of work that the agency thought notable enough to file away. Others have no apparent reason for having been collected by the C. I. A. like a   ad for the Buffalo Bill Wax Museum. (Maybe it’s a code, the key to which remains classified.) The Crest archive represents a major document dump, but the C. I. A. has published many other declassified files online. Its files are typically unclassified after 25 years. For those who believe the truth is out there, the website has a collection of reports on unidentified flying objects, and capitalized on interest in last year’s “ ” reboot by posting the “top five documents Mulder would love to get his hands on. ” After journalists at MuckRock, a news site, filed Freedom of Information Act requests for access to the Crest database, the C. I. A. said in 2015 that it would take 28 years to publish. In 2015, the agency cut its estimate to six years, and said the documents would be delivered on 1, 200 compact discs at the price of $108, 000. Put off by what he perceived as stalling, Mr. Best crowdfunded $15, 000 to print, scan and publish files himself. In October, the C. I. A. said it would post the files. “C. I. A. made significant architectural and procedural changes to load and index the Crest documents more quickly,” said Heather Fritz Horniak, a spokeswoman for the C. I. A. “This means that we were able to post the entire Crest collection, totaling nearly 13 million pages, online much earlier than anticipated. ”",0
3392,Sen. Al Franken May Have NASTY SURPRISE Waiting For FBI Director Comey After The Election (VIDEO),"Google Pinterest Digg Linkedin Reddit Stumbleupon Print Delicious Pocket Tumblr 
Former comedian and current Senator Al Franken (D-MN) wasn’t joking when he suggested that FBI Director James Comey answer to the Senate regarding his unprofessional behavior. 
On Sunday, Franken called for the Senate Judiciary Committee to hold hearings concerning Comey’s handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private server and whether or not she compromised national security. 
The Minnesota senator also said he believes Clinton can count on his state’s voters despite a last-minute campaign stop from Donald Trump, though the senator admitted that he’s always “nervous.” 
“I think that there should be hearings, and I’m certain there will be hearings in the Judiciary Committee on this matter,” the Franken told CNN’s Jake Tapper on “State of the Union.” 
Franken’s remarks reflect growing Democratic anger with Comey after the director told lawmakers 11 days before Tuesday’s presidential election that his agency was reviewing new emails that may or may not be connected to their previous investigation. 
Comey, who previously cleared Clinton of any criminal negligence, sent a vaguely worded letter to top Republicans that falsely gave the impression that the FBI was reopening the Clinton investigation. 
“Even more troubling is what we’ve heard from sort of the rogue elements of the FBI seemingly tipping off former (New York City) Mayor (Rudy) Giuliani that something was up. I mean, it just seems like — that’s not the FBI,” Franken said. 
“We will have hearings. I’m sure that FBI Director Comey will be before us,” Franken said. “I think he should be able to answer questions about this, and he should be able to control the FBI.” 
The senator also went to bat for the Clinton Foundation after Tapper questioned him on whether or not the organization should be shut down should Clinton win the election. However, the Minnesota lawmaker redirected his answer to address alleged illegal activities perpetrated by Donald Trump’s foundation. 
“I think that sometimes people should compare the two foundations, the Trump Foundation and the Clinton Foundation — that the HIV drugs to millions of people vs. the Trump Foundation, which doesn’t seem to have done much of anything for anybody other than Donald Trump,” Franken said. 
Franken also reassured viewers that he wasn’t worried about which way his home state would vote in the election. 
Trump is scheduled to visit Minnesota, a state that has not voted for a Republican since 1972, as one of his last few campaign stops before Tuesday. 
When asked if he felt Clinton was in trouble there, Franken replied, “I don’t think so.” 
However, Franken admitted, “I’m always nervous.” 
“We run through the finish line,” he said. “This is what I tell everybody, I go to canvassing centers, I say, ‘Many of you have jobs, many of you have families — ignore them. Get on the doors.’“ 
Franken’s nervousness is shared by millions of Americans who worry about the idiocy of some of their family, friends, and neighbors who seem hell-bent on handing the country over to Trump tiny slimy hands. 
Featured image via YouTube",0
3393,"Oscar Nominations 2017: 14 for ‘La La Land,’ and 6 for Black Actors - The New York Times","LOS ANGELES  —   Oscar voters showered the   “La La Land” with 14 nominations on Tuesday, a tie with “Titanic” and “All About Eve” for the most in Academy Award history. But the academy also moved past two #OscarsSoWhite years by honoring six black actors  —   a record  —   and including diverse films like “Moonlight,” “Fences” and “Hidden Figures” in the best picture race. [ The list of nominees | Where to stream them | Nominees react | Who got snubbed?] “It makes me feel good to see such a multifaceted group of people get recognized,” said Barry Jenkins, the director of “Moonlight,” which received eight nominations. Speaking by phone from Amsterdam, where he was promoting the film, he added, “It’s an affirmation that film has the power to erode barriers and reveal what makes us all human. ” Nine movies, most of them cobbled together outside the studio system, will compete for Hollywood’s top prize. Filling out the best picture race are “Arrival,” a   thriller the    drama “Hell or High Water” “Manchester by the Sea,” about a mournful New England handyman the subtitled   “Lion” and “Hacksaw Ridge,” Mel Gibson’s true story of World War II heroism. In a surprise, Mr. Gibson also drew a nomination as best director, officially ending his   status as a Hollywood pariah for his offscreen behavior. Joining him in the directing field were Damien Chazelle (“La La Land”) Denis Villeneuve (“Arrival”) Mr. Jenkins (“Moonlight”) and Kenneth Lonergan (“Manchester by the Sea”). Perhaps the biggest upset happened in the best actress category. “Arrival” emerged as one of the most honored films, with support in eight categories, but its star, Amy Adams, failed to receive a nod for best actress. Even worse, a website managed by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences and ABC, which broadcasts the Oscars, initially listed her as a nominee. ABC took the blame, citing a rush to post names. “We apologize to the academy, press and fans for any confusion,” the network said in a statement. ABC also mistakenly named Tom Hanks as a best actor candidate for “Sully. ” In excluding Ms. Adams, whose performance has been honored by numerous other awards groups, academy voters backed Isabelle Huppert from the French film “Elle,” Emma Stone from “La La Land,” Natalie Portman from “Jackie,” Meryl Streep from “Florence Foster Jenkins” and the newcomer Ruth Negga from “Loving. ” It was Ms. Streep’s 20th career nomination her speech about Donald J. Trump at the Golden Globes probably won her some votes. (She reacted to her inclusion by releasing a happy dance GIF.) Several other legends were snubbed. Voters refused to throw Martin Scorsese’s   bomb “Silence” a lifeline, offering a lone nod for cinematography. And Clint Eastwood’s “Sully” had to make do with one nomination, for sound editing. Once again, the academy stubbornly refused to bow toward popular movies the   “Deadpool” received nothing, even in    categories. As expected  —   and despite renewed attention on   lawsuits that he settled in 2010  —   Casey Affleck, the star of “Manchester by the Sea,” continued his march toward the Oscar podium. He will vie for best actor alongside Denzel Washington (“Fences”) Andrew Garfield (“Hacksaw Ridge”) Ryan Gosling (“La La Land”) and Viggo Mortensen (“Captain Fantastic”). In a sharp contrast to the previous two years, when the academy put forward   rosters of acting nominees, voters chose the largest number of black candidates ever. Mahershala Ali and Naomie Harris each received a nod for their supporting work in “Moonlight,” a poetic drama about a young black man in Miami. Viola Davis (“Fences”) and Octavia Spencer (“Hidden Figures”) were also nominated for supporting actress. Joining Ms. Negga in the lead categories was Mr. Washington of “Fences,” an adaptation of August Wilson’s classic play about black life in 1950s Pittsburgh. Another minority actor, Dev Patel, was nominated for his supporting role in “Lion,” which received six nominations in total, tying “Manchester by the Sea” and “Hacksaw Ridge. ” And four of the five honored documentaries came from black filmmakers, including “13th,” Ava DuVernay’s searing look at race and mass incarceration in America, and “I Am Not Your Negro,” directed by Raoul Peck, a portrait of the writer James Baldwin and the   era. (The others in that race are “Fire at Sea,” “Life, Animated” and the   “O. J.: Made in America,” which paves the way for TV documentaries given limited theatrical release to be nominees.) Pundits will inevitably declare that the academy listened to the #OscarsSoWhite protests that found the Rev. Al Sharpton berating Hollywood in a preceremony rally last year. The academy made drastic membership changes in 2016, revoking the voting privileges of   members and inviting more women and minorities to join. (The   group remains overwhelmingly white and male, however.) Public pressure may have been a factor in the outcome on Tuesday, but the results almost assuredly have more to do with the vagaries of moviemaking: a full slate of   movies with diverse casts that coalesced in the past year. Still, race continues to be a   topic around the Oscars. Last week, one academy voter, Santiago Pozo, voiced brewing discontent among Latinos, writing in the trade publication Deadline. com that underrepresentation of other minorities in Hollywood  —   not just black actors  —   is “a terminal illness for our business and for the relevance of the Academy Awards. ” The Los Angeles Times weighed in with a similar editorial on Tuesday, noting that there were almost no Hispanic nominees. One exception:   Miranda received a nod for his original “Moana” song “How Far I’ll Go,” putting him one step closer to the rarefied club known as EGOT: those who have won an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony. (Mr. Miranda, a   Oscar nominee, already has an Emmy, two Grammys and three Tonys.) Among companies, Amazon was a big winner on Tuesday, beating Netflix to become the first streaming service to earn an Academy Award nomination for best picture. Amazon bought “Manchester by the Sea” at last year’s Sundance Film Festival. With 26, Lionsgate received the most nominations of any studio its contenders include “La La Land” and “Hell or High Water,” a partnership with CBS Films. The Oscars will be broadcast on Feb. 26. Jimmy Kimmel, who anchors ABC’s   programming block, will host. The academy entrusted its previous ceremony to the producers Reginald Hudlin and David Hill, who brought in Chris Rock to scold Hollywood on diversity and created a    scrawl in an   attempt to make acceptance speeches more interesting. Ratings dropped, and ABC, which charges more than $2 million for a   commercial, moved to take a firmer hand in this year’s telecast.",0
3394,"Why Everyone on Facebook Is Checking into Standing Rock, North Dakota","Pin 1 
( ANTIMEDIA ) When it comes to brute force, law enforcement and private security currently have the upper hand on the ground in Standing Rock, North Dakota. They’re employing armored vehicles, riot gear, tasers, rubber bullets, pepper spray, sound cannons, and other shows of force against peaceful opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline. 
But unlike most of the corporate media, the Internet is taking note of the struggle at Standing Rock and is trying to do its part to contribute to the protests. Over the weekend, unconfirmed reports emerged that police were using Facebook check-ins at Standing Rock to track individuals who arrived at the location to join water protectors. 
As word spread of the apparent news, the Internet stepped up to neutralize the power of the police-surveillance state. 
Shortly after, Facebook users from around the country and world began checking into Standing Rock, which registers as Cannon Ball, North Dakota, in an effort to confuse police. According to a statement many posters are copying and pasting: 
“ The Morton County Sheriff’s Department has been using Facebook check-ins to find out who is at Standing Rock in order to target them in attempts to disrupt the prayer camps. SO Water Protectors are calling on EVERYONE to check-in at Standing Rock, ND to overwhelm and confuse them. This is concrete action that can protect people putting their bodies and well-beings on the line that we can do without leaving our homes. “ 
Others merely checked in while still others added their own commentary. “ If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor ,” wrote Patrick Quinn below his check-in. 
“ Messing with fascists ,” Luba Petrusha commented. 
While the troll effort is exciting, it’s unclear whether the efforts are having an effect. According to Snopes, a self-described fact-checking blog whose conclusions are generally reliable , police claim they are not using Facebook to track protesters. Snopes reported “ [a Morton County] officer explained not only that they were not using Facebook check-ins as a gauge of anything, but that the metric presented no intelligence value to them. The rumor suggested that protesters cited Facebook check-ins as a manner in which police could target them, but check-ins were voluntary — and if police were using geolocation tools based on mobile devices, remote check-ins would not confuse or overwhelm them.” Sign up for the free Anti-Media newsletter the establishment doesn't want you to receive 
Snopes also claimed it spoke to protesters within a large camp at Standing Rock who said they did not issue a call to Internet users to check in. Nevertheless, they reportedly said they appreciated the show of solidarity. 
Regardless of whether or not the online check-ins have any effect, the Internet has played a decisive role in the developing events in North Dakota. Livestreams have documented serious violations of free speech and the right to protest, and Facebook was accused of blocking such footage on at least one occasion. Amid the ongoing lack of mainstream coverage , the independent media has successfully drawn attention to the Standing Rock protests. 
Considering the establishment has come out in full force in North Dakota, from their use of surveillance to their haphazard employment of heavily armed police, the increasing number of check-ins at Standing Rock shows just how much technology empowers people. 
Even if police aren’t scouring social media and the check-ins fail to produce any tangible result, the rapid mobilization of efforts highlights a growing sense of opposition to unjust and exploitative power — and thanks to the Internet, the world is watching. 
This article ( Here’s Why Everyone on Facebook Is Checking into Standing Rock, North Dakota ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Carey Wedler and theAntiMedia.org . Anti-Media Radio airs weeknights at 11 pm Eastern/8 pm Pacific. If you spot a typo, please email the error and name of the article to . ",0
3395,Italian Police: Mafia Working With Aid Group to Steal Millions from Migrant Funds,"ROME (AP)  —   Italian police on Monday arrested 68 people, including a priest and the head of a Catholic volunteer group called “Mercy,” accusing them of being in cahoots with a major mafia clan that skimmed millions in public funds destined for one of Italy’s biggest migrant welcome centers. [Announcing the arrests Monday, an incredulous Carabinieri Gen. Giuseppe Governale summarized the scam by saying: “The welcome center and ‘Mercy’ were the ATMs of the mafia. ”  Investigators said the Arena clan of the Calabrian ’ndrangheta mob had secured a lock on servicing the Isola di Capo Rizzuto migrant center in Crotone for the past decade, thanks in part to its links to “Mercy” and its head, Leonardo Sacco. Sacco is a   Italian, and his arrest took on political implications given the number of politicians  —   and even Pope Francis  —   who have been photographed with him. Investigators said “Mercy” subcontracted catering services to companies run by the Arena clan, which allegedly skimmed some 36 million euros ($39. 5 million) of the 103 million in public funds destined for migrant care between  . Part of the scam involved putting in for more meals than were actually provided, and then using the money to buy real estate, fancy cars and luxury boats, said Catanzaro prosecutor Nicola Gratteri. Police said the Rev. Edoardo Scordio, a parish priest affiliated with “Mercy,” was the “organizer of a true system of exploitation of public funds destined for the migrant emergency. ” Scordio in 2007 pocketed 132, 000 euros for his spiritual services that he offered the refugees, police said in a statement.",0
3396,Australian Christian Aid to Hamas Remains Suspended After Investigation,"CANBERRA, Australia (AP)  —   The Australian government said Thursday it had found no evidence that any of its donations to the Christian charity World Vision had been siphoned to Islamic militant group Hamas. [But Australia’s Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said its World Vision funding in Gaza would remain suspended while Israeli charges against the global aid agency’s Gaza manager Mohammed   remain unresolved.  “DFAT has reviewed the management of its funding to World Vision in the Palestinian Territories. The review uncovered nothing to suggest any diversion of government funds. ” the department said in a statement. “Australia’s funding to World Vision in the Palestinian Territories remains suspended until we have considered the outcomes of the court case against Mr.   and reviews being undertaken by World Vision Australia and World Vision International into this issue,” it added. Australian is the biggest single donor to World Vision’s humanitarian work in Gaza, providing more than $2 million in the past three years. Australia and Germany suspended funding in August after Israeli authorities charged   with diverting around $50 million to Hamas to help build tunnels and purchase weapons. Israel’s internal security service Shin Bet alleged   created fictitious humanitarian projects to get the funds to Hamas. The Shin Bet alleged he underwent Hamas training in the early 2000s and was “planted” by the group at World Vision in 2005, where he climbed the ranks to become director of the Gaza branch.   has pleaded not guilty to all charges. Israel’s Justice Ministry declined to comment on  ’s case because his trial was ongoing. World Vision welcomed Australia’s findings, adding that its own ongoing audit had not yet raised concerns about how money was spent. World Vision’s work in Gaza has been suspended pending the outcome of that audit. “We remain deeply concerned with this situation, and are saddened by the impact on Gaza’s children and their families,” a World Vision statement said.",0
3397,"Our Landfill Economy: Want to make a quick profit along a tropical sea coast? Dig some big holes near the coast, dump in baby prawns, food and chemicals to suppress algae blooms and diseases and then harvest the prawns to ship to the insatiable markets of the developed world.","0 Our Landfill Economy: Want to make a quick profit along a tropical sea coast? Dig some big holes near the coast, dump in baby prawns, food and chemicals to suppress algae blooms and diseases and then harvest the prawns to ship to the insatiable markets of the developed world. by IWB · October 27, 2016 
by Charles Hugh-Smith 
This “maximizing growth and profits is the highest good” mode of production is insane. 
Correspondent Bart D. (Australia) captured the entire global economy in three words: The Landfill Economy . Stuff is manufactured, energy is consumed shipping it somewhere, consumers buy it and shortly thereafter it ends up as garbage in the landfill. 
This is of course the definition of “economic growth”: waste, inefficiency, environmental destruction–none of these matter. Only two things matter: maximize “growth” by any means necessary, and maximize profits by any means necessary. 
The Landfill Economy now encompasses the entire planet. The swirling gyre of plastic trash the size of Texas between Hawaii and California: it’s just one modest example of the planetary trash dump that “growth” and profit generate as byproducts/blowback. 
The planet’s oceans are one giant trash dump. Everything from plastic water bottles to abandoned fishing nets to radiation to containers that fell off ships is floating around even the most distant corners of the seas. Seabirds nesting in remote islands die of starvation as their guts fill with plastic bits of “permanent growth.” 
Globalization has turned the planet’s land masses and rivers into trash dumps. Want to make a quick profit along a tropical sea coast? Dig some big holes near the coast, dump in baby prawns, food and chemicals to suppress algae blooms and diseases and then harvest the prawns to ship to the insatiable markets of the developed world. 
Once the prawn farms are poisoned wastelands, move on and despoil another coastline elsewhere. 
Globalization has greased the slippery slope from factory to landfill by enabling the global distribution of defective parts. Whether they are pirated, designed to fail or just the result of slipshod quality control, the flood of defective parts guarantee that the entire assembly they are installed in–stoves, vacuum cleaners, transmissions, electronics, you name it–will soon fail and be shipped directly to the landfill, as repairing stuff is far costlier than buying a new replacement. 
QE/ZIRP Is Crushing the Global Supply Chain, Product Quality and Profits (October 17, 2016) 
The Keynesian Cargo Cults that rule global economics love The Landfill Economy because it means more “growth”. Never mind the poisoned seas, rivers and land, or the immense waste of energy, commodities and labor that result from the global manufacture and distribution of shoddy products: if it adds to “growth,” it’s all good in the warped view of the Keynesian Cargo Cults. 
We got your “growth” right here. 
People are also tossed on the trash heap with careless abandon. The health of workers is a cost that reduces profits, so it’s ignored unless it can be turned into a profit center via state funding for managing preventable diseases, i.e. sickcare. 
A worker sickened by industrial waste or lifestyle illnesses who becomes a profit center is a wonderful source of “growth” and profits. 
A worker who can’t generate a corporation or state a profit is dumped on the trash heap as a matter of routine. A worker who can’t generate somebody a profit or “growth” by taking on more debt to spend spend spend is worthless. 
If a robot or software can do the same work, then it is self-destructive for an enterprise to pay a human worker: if profits fall, Wall Street will crucify the enterprise and competitors will eat it alive. 
This “maximizing growth and profits is the highest good” mode of production is insane. It doesn’t have to rule the world. As I outline in my book A Radically Beneficial World: Automation, Technology & Creating Jobs for All , other more efficient, sustainable and humane modes of production are within reach if we escape from the global grip of the destructive “growth by any means” cult.",0
3399,Ivanka Trump’s New Washington Home Once Belonged to a Putin Foe - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Ivanka Trump, who is weighing a prominent role in her father’s administration, is planning to move with her family to a mansion in the exclusive Kalorama section of Washington, two people familiar with the decision said Wednesday. The house was previously owned by a   financier with extensive investments in Russia and ties to a Russian opposition leader. Ms. Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, a close adviser to   Donald J. Trump who is expected to be an influential voice in the administration, have chosen a      house just around the corner from President Obama’s new home. The newly renovated house, with its sleekly modern décor, sold for $5. 5 million in December, the people said, insisting on anonymity because the transaction was private. The home was previously owned by Dan K. Rapoport and his wife, Irina, according to property records filed with the District of Columbia. Neither responded to emailed requests for comment. Ms. Trump’s relocation plans, first reported by Washingtonian magazine, are the latest evidence that she and Mr. Kushner will remain major players in Mr. Trump’s administration. Both played crucial roles in his presidential bid and have wielded outsize power during his transition. People close to the couple declined to comment on their impending move, as did William F. X. Moody, a   at Washington Fine Properties, who first disclosed the deal. But in the neighborhood where they are planning to live  —     of ambassadors and prominent figures on the Washington social circuit  —   residents have been buzzing about their    neighbors. “Everybody’s atwitter about it,” said Tony Podesta, chairman of the Podesta Group, a top Washington lobbying firm. “I’ve been getting lots of emails saying, ‘Here we go again,’ ” Mr. Podesta said, alluding to the burst of local mayhem that attended the decision by Mr. Obama and his family to rent a   home in the neighborhood after they leave the White House. “It will be great to have them as neighbors,” Mr. Podesta said of Ms. Trump and Mr. Kushner, who have three children. The white house on Tracy Place where Ms. Trump and Mr. Kushner plan to live with their children is just around the corner from the Obamas’ luxurious   home on Belmont Road, which has been undergoing extensive renovations directed by the Secret Service to fortify it for their arrival. A security checkpoint is expected to be built at the intersection of Tracy and Belmont before Mr. Obama moves in, residents said. There was no sign of Ms. Trump or her husband at the house on Wednesday afternoon. But the property was a flurry of activity, as workers and painters filed in and out past television reporters staked out on the sidewalk and   speculated about their new neighbors. John Damgard, who has owned a house on the block since 1971, said his new neighbors could expect to be welcomed “with open arms,” even by the neighborhood’s Democrats. “It’s quiet, it’s private, and they’ll be graciously received,” Mr. Damgard said. The house was home for several decades to Renee Zlotnick Kraft, a Washington fur heiress and socialite, who frequently opened its doors for events and even occasionally rolled out a pink carpet to welcome the city’s dinner party set. According to the website of his investment firm, Rapoport Capital, Mr. Rapoport was born in Riga, Latvia, and has lived in the United States, France and Russia. Vladimir Ashurkov, a top aide to Aleksei A. Navalny, a leading Russian opposition leader and critic of the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, described Mr. Rapoport as a successful financier in Moscow and an investor in Soho Rooms, one of the city’s poshest nightclubs. He has also been a supporter of Mr. Navalny since 2010. He recently relocated from Washington to Kiev, Ukraine, where he manages a private equity fund, Mr. Ashurkov said. It was not clear whether Ms. Trump and Mr. Kushner bought the house from the Rapoports or would be renting it from a new owner. But after scouting locations in other exclusive neighborhoods, including nearby Georgetown, the couple settled on a home less than two miles from the White House.",0
3400,"For Kushner, Israel Policy May Be Shaped by the Personal - The New York Times","When Jared Kushner was 17 years old, he stood where a million Jews had been murdered and listened to Israel’s prime minister stress the country’s importance. “The Holocaust could have been prevented. We know it could not have taken place had the Jewish state been established a few years earlier,” the prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, said in 1998, standing amid the ruins of an   crematory. He had just led Mr. Kushner and thousands of other teenagers waving Israeli flags in a procession through the camp’s gates and past the barracks. As part of the commemoration, the group would soon leave Poland and fly to Israel, to complete the journey from slaughter to Zionist rebirth. Back then, Mr. Kushner was a high school basketball player, a Billy Joel fan, a quiz team manager and no one’s guess to become a negotiating partner with Mr. Netanyahu. But unlike other students on the trip, he knew the prime minister, who was friendly with his father, a real estate developer and donor to Israeli causes. Mr. Netanyahu had even stayed at the Kushners’ home in New Jersey, sleeping in Jared’s bedroom. (The teenager moved to the basement that night.) On Wednesday, when the Israeli prime minister visits the White House, Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Kushner will reunite on far different terms from before  —   and yet their meeting will be imbued with some of the shared ideas of those old encounters. Mr. Netanyahu is on his second stint as prime minister Mr. Kushner, now 36, is President Trump’s    and a leading adviser on Middle Eastern affairs with a daunting assignment. Mr. Trump has said that Mr. Kushner will try to “do peace,” which the president has called “the ultimate deal. ” Mr. Kushner, on something of a crash course in diplomacy, has been speaking with Arab leaders in recent weeks. But he is a mystery to most Middle Eastern officials. He has no experience in government or international affairs. His   exposure to the Arab world amounts to little more than trips to a handful of Persian Gulf countries and a   jaunt to Jordan. Though Mr. Kushner has visited Israel since childhood, and more recently to do business, he is little known there. He holds strong views about the state of Israel, but he has not been outspoken about them, save for editorials in The New York Observer, the newspaper he owned. His thinking on matters like settlements is not well understood. “Israel wasn’t a political discussion for him it was his family, his life, his people,” said Hirschy Zarchi, rabbi at the Chabad House at Harvard, where Mr. Kushner was an undergraduate. Rather than diplomatic experience, Mr. Kushner has ties to Israel that are personal and religious. His visit to Auschwitz was stark, but its themes were not new to him. His grandmother survived the Holocaust by crawling through a homemade tunnel in Poland. His grandfather escaped the massacres by hiding in a hole for years. An Orthodox Jew, Mr. Kushner was instructed to protect Israel, remember the genocide and assure the survival of the Jewish people, those close to him say. He was educated at Jewish schools where second graders were expected to draw maps of Israel from memory and the West Bank was often referred to by its biblical names, Judea and Samaria, a practice that emphasizes Jewish claims to the land. His family used its real estate fortune to donate millions of dollars to American Jewish and Israeli hospitals, schools and other institutions, including a few in settlements, according to public records. In his classes, Palestinians were regarded at a distance, in part as security threats who committed acts of terrorism  —   including one that killed a sister of a classmate of Mr. Kushner’s. When Mr. Trump ran for president, his   ’s stances on Israel helped shape the campaign. Mr. Kushner helped script a speech to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee and consulted with Netanyahu officials behind the scenes. When he brought the candidate and the prime minister together for a meeting, his father, Charles Kushner, was invited to join them. Thanks in part to the younger Mr. Kushner, Mr. Netanyahu will arrive at a White House that has already adopted many of the prime minister’s perspectives on the region. Now Mr. Kushner is helping Mr. Trump and Mr. Netanyahu craft a strategy to recruit Sunni Muslim countries that oppose Iran to help foster an   peace agreement. The approach is a long shot: Negotiations are dead. The Israeli right is pushing for more settlement in the West Bank as talk among Palestinians turns to a single state in which they have equal rights. Mustafa Barghouti, a Palestinian leader who was involved in peace talks both with Israelis and internally, said Palestinians were skeptical of Mr. Kushner, and Mr. Trump’s team generally, seeing them as close only to the Israeli side. As part of its philanthropy, Mr. Kushner’s family has made donations to the Beit El settlement, which Mr. Barghouti finds particularly worrisome. “We need somebody who is really impartial,” Mr. Barghouti said, pointing out that it is unclear whether Mr. Kushner has ever visited a Palestinian area (the White House would not say). “There is no indication he is interested in hearing from the other side. ” Through a White House spokeswoman, Mr. Kushner declined to respond or be interviewed. But others said his life had given him cause to believe in the improbable. His grandparents survived against all odds, then came to America and made the kind of money of which most people can only dream. Mr. Kushner plunged into his   ’s presidential campaign with no experience and helped him win. “This is a region that has resisted solutions from people with vast résumés,” said Ken Kurson, editor of The New York Observer, suggesting that his former boss may do better. “For   years we’ve been sending the best diplomats in the world, and it’s yielded zero results. ” Mr. Kushner’s religious upbringing may have been intense, but his high school yearbook message was   with an ode to his   sneakers. He was a “6 ft. 2 inch basketball and hockey player who just loves to be comfortable,” the message said, noting that he also liked to deliver frozen yogurt and Slurpees to his siblings. There was little mention of Jewish identity beyond his Hebrew name, Yoel Chaim. But that was Mr. Kushner, classmates said in recent interviews: easygoing and polite, a decent student but not a standout, not particularly engaged in religious questions or the urgent political matters of the day. He did not participate in the high school club devoted to criticizing coverage of Israel in The New York Times. Many of his peers spent a year after graduation studying religious texts in Israel he did not. But his family was busy building a world to replace the one it had lost: schools, organizations, synagogues, campuses. The Kushners’ Judaism and support of Israel were one and the same, friends said: about ensuring survival. The major Jewish institutions of Mr. Kushner’s life  —   school and synagogue  —   emphasized the connection between religion and Zionism. “In the modern Orthodox community, the state of Israel has an important place in identity, as a religious ideal, not only a political reality,” said Elie Weinstock, rabbi at Kehilath Jeshurun, the Manhattan synagogue Mr. Kushner joined. At his elementary school, the Hebrew Youth Academy in Livingston, N. J. it was impossible to walk the halls “without seeing the flags of Israel and Israeli historical figures and how the kids celebrate Israeli holidays,” said Stephen Flatow, whose daughter Ilana was in Mr. Kushner’s grade. In eighth grade, their class was stunned by the killing of Ilana’s older sister, Alisa, in a bus bombing in the Gaza Strip. The school community “couldn’t fathom how a young man can load himself up with dynamite and blow himself up in a van and have his parents celebrating his death,” Mr. Flatow said. A few years later, the school was renamed for Jared Kushner’s grandfather, Joseph, and when a new building opened, the family dedicated the flagpole that flies the Israeli flag to Alisa’s memory. During high school at the Frisch School in northern New Jersey, where Mr. Kushner spent long days attending mandatory prayers (morning and afternoon) and studying in English, Hebrew and Aramaic (the language of the Talmud) every year of his education was interwoven with events in Israel. In 1995, when Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated, teachers and students mourned together. In 1996, a recent graduate named Sara Duker was killed in another bus bombing, sending shock waves through the school again. In 1997, about the time Mr. Kushner was on a   summer trip to Israel, a double suicide bomb in the main Jerusalem market killed more than a dozen people. But classmates say the environment Mr. Kushner lived in could feel apolitical, because most everyone shared similar views, and Palestinian perspectives were barely considered. Some teachers told students that “Palestinian” was a   identity, a label adopted for political reasons. There was little discussion of what it was like to live under occupation, several classmates of Mr. Kushner’s recalled. Many rabbis and teachers seemed comfortable with settlements, and some students said they never learned that Israel’s borders were a highly contested topic. “There was such an assumption that Jews deserve to have this place, that it was theirs for thousands of years by biblical fiat,” said Eli Schleifer, who graduated the year before Mr. Kushner. “There was such a strange blindness to the complexity of the situation. ” In 1999, Mr. Kushner left New Jersey for Harvard, where he no longer wore a skullcap to classes, but continued to follow rules of Orthodox Jewish life. Jordan Reid Strauch, a friend of Mr. Kushner’s, could not recall his mentioning Israel. Soon the second intifada, or Palestinian uprising, was setting off criticism of Israel on campus and then responses from students who defended the country, but Mr. Kushner kept his head down. Instead he spent time at the Chabad House, where Rabbi Zarchi was struck by how Mr. Kushner “never felt the need to apologize for his differences, his religious commitments,” he said. Mr. Kushner sometimes expressed his views during long Sabbath meals at the house. “He certainly believed that a strong and secure Israel was in America and the world’s best interest,” Rabbi Zarchi said. He didn’t believe that Israel needed “the approval of Europe, the United Nations or even Washington or London,” the rabbi continued. While Mr. Kushner was at Harvard, Mr. Netanyahu once again visited his father, speaking at his office, kicking a soccer ball at one of the schools that carried the family name and sitting down for a tabbouleh lunch with students, including Jared’s younger brother, Joshua. Mr. Netanyahu’s visits helped lead to an unexpected outcome: Charles Kushner’s brother, Murray, sued him for misusing the family company’s funds by paying hundreds of thousands of dollars in speaking fees to the Israeli leader, among other   figures. The suit was eventually settled, but it set off investigations and misdeeds by Charles Kushner that eventually led to a   prison sentence for tax evasion,   and making illegal campaign donations. A few years later, Charles Kushner and Mr. Netanyahu still seemed close: When the Israeli media obtained Mr. Netanyahu’s partly handwritten list of wealthy Americans most likely to fund his party’s primary elections, Mr. Kushner was near the top. Last June in Washington, Yousef   the ambassador of the United Arab Emirates, received an unexpected request from his friend Thomas Barrack Jr. a   businessman and Trump  : Would he meet with Jared Kushner? “What struck me in our first meeting is that he asked a lot of questions and listened,” Mr. Otaiba said. Since then, the two have been in touch, with Mr. Kushner playing the student, asking Mr. Otaiba for his impressions of shifting forces in the Middle East, Syria, Iran, extremism, relationships. Mr. Kushner had become a force in his family’s real estate business, and a member of a synagogue known for a brand of religious Zionism similar to the one he was raised with. He took out loans for the real estate business from Israel’s Bank Hapoalim and almost bought a major Israeli insurance company called Phoenix. Though he had been raised a Democrat, Mr. Kushner endorsed Mitt Romney in the 2012 presidential race, in part because of disappointment with President Barack Obama on Israel. “Rather than strengthen the nation’s relationship with Israel as the Arab world imploded, Mr. Obama treated Jerusalem as less a friend than a burden,” the Observer endorsement read, using language similar to what Mr. Trump would eventually say. Now Mr. Kushner has given up his life in New York for a government ID card and a groaning portfolio. Many foreign policy experts wait their entire careers for a White House job, but Mr. Kushner is fielding inquiries from foreign leaders even as he is still learning to navigate the subject. He is far from the first American Jew with strong ties to Israel to wade into Middle Eastern diplomacy  —   Rahm Emanuel, the former White House chief of staff, is the son of a former Jewish paramilitary fighter  —   but the others were Washington professionals or seasoned negotiators. In his first weeks in the White House, Mr. Kushner has had exchanges with officials from Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Mexico and elsewhere, and greeted King Abdullah II of Jordan, whom he met several years ago on a trip to that country that included the actors Nicole Kidman and Hugh Jackman. It is unclear what shape Mr. Kushner’s role will take, especially as figures like Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson and others in the foreign policy apparatus become engaged in Middle Eastern diplomacy. Some observers see Mr. Kushner as a welcome counter to an unpredictable president and to firebrands like Stephen K. Bannon, the White House strategist, and David M. Friedman, the ambassador designate to Israel. Mr. Kushner “could be a moderate voice,” said Dan Gillerman, Israel’s former ambassador to the United Nations, who got to know Mr. Kushner in New York. “The strange thing is, that    kid may end up being the   in the room. ” Many years after his teenage encounters with Mr. Netanyahu, he may also be in a position to help the Israeli leader, who is facing multiple corruption investigations and   challenges from the right. But Mr. Kushner’s task is formidable. Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Trump want to set in motion a chain of events that could block Iran, redefine Israel’s relationship with the Arab world and create   peace  —   “the deal that can’t be made,” as Mr. Trump has said. “The prime minister is coming into the meeting with the hope to forge a common policy with the president, and Jared’s role is critical in that,” said Ron Dermer, the ambassador of Israel, with whom Mr. Kushner has been in close contact. “He’s someone who, in my interactions with him, has really been able to deliver. ”",0
3401,CNN ’Evaluating’ Kathy Griffin’s Role in Annual New Year’s Eve Coverage after Trump ’Beheading’ Photo,"CNN is evaluating Kathy Griffin’s role in its annual New Year’s Eve coverage after the comedian posed for a photo shoot holding a decapitated, bloody head resembling that of President Donald Trump. [“We found what she did disgusting and offensive,” CNN said in a statement Tuesday, according to Mediaite. “We are pleased to see she has apologized and asked that the photos be taken down. We are evaluating our New Year’s Eve coverage and have made no decisions at this point. ”  A picture from the photo shoot  —   conducted by Griffin and Los   artist Tyler Shields  —   surfaced online Tuesday morning, setting off a firestorm on social media. While some liberals defended Griffin, others condemned the photograph. Chelsea Clinton called the photo “vile and wrong. ” Griffin initially defended herself after the photo surfaced, but then later apologized profusely in a video posted on Twitter. “I sincerely apologize,” she said. “I’m a comic. I cross the line. I move the line and then I cross it. I went way too far. The image is way too disturbing. ” Griffin has   CNN’s New Year’s Eve Live broadcast every January since 2007, along with CNN anchor Anderson Cooper. But even Cooper tweeted that he was offended by her actions. For the record, I am appalled by the photo shoot Kathy Griffin took part in. It is clearly disgusting and completely inappropriate.  —   Anderson Cooper (@andersoncooper) May 31, 2017, ",0
3402,On the Trail of the Sale at Art Basel Miami Beach - The New York Times,"MIAMI BEACH  —   On the Monday before the Art Basel Miami Beach fair, as collectors and curators descended on the city, the Miami gallery owner Fredric Snitzer found himself at Hyde Resort  Residences on Hollywood Beach to begin his week of deceptively casual interactions that compose this genteel bazaar. Mr. Snitzer, 66, had a lot riding on this fair. He was the only local dealer selected for every Art Basel Miami Beach since its 2002 debut and one of only two Miami gallerists in this year’s edition, which concluded on Sunday evening. Despite that rarefied position, and the resultant sniping from his hometown rivals, he still felt uncertain about his role in the larger art world pecking order  —   and hopeful about using exposure at Basel to leap to the next economic rung. “Gagosian has hundreds of thousands of square feet in galleries all over the world,” he noted with exasperation about the powerhouse dealer Larry Gagosian, “and people in Miami think I’m the one in control?” Unlike   name brands such as   Basquiat or Andy Warhol, whose paintings sell themselves, Mr. Snitzer’s represented artists include emerging talents like the    sculptor Rafael Domenech, whose work was being showcased at the Hyde by its developer, Jorge M. Pérez, the billionaire named on the facade of the Pérez Art Museum Miami. To help distinguish the Hyde, a new   just north of Miami, Mr. Pérez had commissioned a nearly $400, 000 artwork from Mr. Domenech, a sprawling installation that featured   rings above the building’s entryway and its scrambling automobile valets. Mr. Snitzer was keen to show off the installation  —   and Mr. Pérez’s imprimatur. “I want this kid to have a career for the rest of his life,” he said of his hopes for his artist, who had been his student at a Miami fine arts program after Mr. Domenech immigrated from Cuba in 2010. The Domenech opening was a bit of a bust. Strong winds kept the desultory crowd out of the scenic pool area and clumped awkwardly in the lobby. Mr. Pérez continued the party at his penthouse in an adjoining   as more global   arrived. His walls were filled with artwork, as well as a handy list to help visitors identify it, from the kitchen’s Sol LeWitt painting to a hallway’s Robert Motherwell tapestry. It should have been a perfect networking moment. But Mr. Snitzer was shortly heading for the door. “I hate schmoozing,” he admitted sheepishly, aware that this was a serious liability in a trade built on personal connections. Tuesday morning found Mr. Snitzer in better spirits. Six paintings by Hernan Bas hung in his downtown Miami gallery  —   striking portraits of waifish young men in states of tropical repose  —   and the reaction was immediate from the   crowd. Within two hours, three works priced between $105, 000 and $135, 000 had sold, with Mr. Bas and Mr. Snitzer set to evenly split the proceeds. Mr. Bas, who grew up in Miami and now divides his time between here and Detroit, began showing with Mr. Snitzer in 1998, as a    “when I couldn’t even drink the wine at my own openings. ” Today he has an art star’s résumé full of museum exhibitions and representation by   galleries in New York and London. Yet these latest paintings went to Mr. Snitzer “out of loyalty,” Mr. Bas explained. “Sometimes artists go off to work with big names and they learn the hard way. ” Mr. Bas pointed to his experience with the   New York gallerist Daniel Reich. After Mr. Reich committed suicide in 2013, The New York Times saluted him as among a group of innovative young dealers ‘‘tacking against the trend toward a more   sleek,   business. ” Mr. Reich had great success placing Mr. Bas’s paintings with marquee collectors. But Mr. Bas said that receiving payment was another matter: “He just stopped returning my calls and responding to my emails. When he died, he owed me $140, 000. ” Mr. Bas added that several of his artist friends had similarly struggled to collect on sales from   dealers. “It’s so much more rampant than anyone talks about. ” By way of contrast, he concluded warmly, “Papa Snitzer has always been there for me. ” There was little time for a victory lap on Mr. Snitzer’s part. He paused to stare in disbelief at his opening’s catering bill of several thousand dollars. “They’re charging $250 to rent us flowers for two hours?” he asked. “We don’t even get to keep the flowers?” After a resigned shake of his head, he headed out to finish installing his Basel booth at the Miami Beach Convention Center. The setting there evoked an explosion in a Bubble Wrap factory as an army of installers swarmed about, unpacking, measuring and hammering. The painter Chuck Close sped through the debris in a motorized wheelchair, off to oversee the hanging of his artwork, followed by a forklift whose protruding blades passed ominously close to an Alex Katz painting. Mr. Domenech was right alongside Mr. Snitzer, hanging his own sculptures and choreographing an array of spotlights. At $65, 000 for the booth’s 807 square feet, every rented inch was put to its most aesthetically enticing use. Add in setup costs, and the gallery owed $80, 000 before Mr. Snitzer had sold a single piece. “I’m paying the same per square foot as Gagosian,” he explained, except that Mr. Gagosian needs to sell just one of his   artworks to cover expenses. Mr. Snitzer’s strategy? To showcase his thriving midcareer artists like Mr. Bas, Enrique Martínez Celaya and Kenny Scharf  —   all of whom can attract fresh eyes to his younger artists and subsidize his display of their   work. At Wednesday morning’s V. I. P. opening, the Basel crowd was noticeably thinner than in past years, though boldfaced names were still in evidence. The   impresario Sean Combs stopped at Snitzer’s booth, bringing his entourage of   assistants and children to a sudden halt. Mr. Combs zeroed in on a young woman gazing at abstract paintings by Eli Sudbrack  —   better known as Assume Vivid Astro Focus. When she displayed little enthusiasm for Mr. Combs’s repeated inquiries about her favorite art, or his invitation to an event of his that night, he and his pack moved on. “He was working it hard there,” Mr. Snitzer said with a sympathetic chuckle for a fellow pitchman. Mr. Domenech’s two $10, 000 sculptures were the first pieces to be snapped up. By early afternoon there were also two holds on Mr. Bas’s $120, 000 painting  —   then Douglas Ray and Richard Segal arrived, executives from a New York real estate investment firm. Calls were rapidly placed, both holds were released, and there was a sudden crackle of anticipation. As Mr. Ray, the buyer, explained later, this was his first major art purchase  —   “It just captured me”  —   and he was unsure of the mechanics for closing a sale. But after spying an already sold Bas artwork at the Lehmann Maupin booth, he wasn’t going to lose out twice. Mr. Segal, a Basel veteran, jumped in to finalize the price. “What can you do for my friend?” Mr. Segal asked, reminding Mr. Snitzer that he was also a trustee at the Whitney Museum of American Art. Mr. Snitzer offered the 10 percent standard industry discount  —   a sum almost always built into the asking price. Mr. Ray started hedging, asking about other Bas works, and Mr. Snitzer began to pull up some images on an iPad. Mr. Segal wryly chided the dealer, “Never lose a sale. ” Mr. Snitzer picked up his cue and quickly assured Mr. Ray that his painting was the best available. “O. K. done,” Mr. Segal thundered, with an outstretched handshake. An invoice would be sent and the painting shipped upon payment. The entire $108, 000 transaction lasted barely five minutes. By 8 p. m. and the close of the fair’s first day, other dealers had uncorked Champagne, but Mr. Snitzer simply sat for a moment. “I’m 66 years old,” he said. “I’ve been doing this for 40 years, and I’m finally in the best position I’ve ever been in. ” So what was on tonight’s agenda? Mr. Snitzer turned incredulous: “Can’t I take a nap now?”",0
3403,‘They Don’t Speak For Me’ — Evangelical PhD SLAMS Religious Right Leaders Supporting Trump,"‘They Don’t Speak For Me’— Evangelical PhD SLAMS Religious Right Leaders Supporting Trump By Stephanie Kuklish   
Evangelical Christians have been major players in the 2016 elections with their unrelenting support of Republican presidential nominee, Donald Trump, but Alan Noble, Ph.D., is putting his foot down and letting the Religious Right know what they are doing is wrong. 
In a current op-ed for Vox , Noble takes to history, the Bible, and the way of the conservative to point out that somewhere in the recent past, Evangelicals have lost their sense of priority in the character of a man. When discussing the release of tapes where Trump was caught admitting to sexually assaulting women Noble stated: “Evangelicalism has been sharply divided over Trump, and so my hope was that this tape would finally persuade the remaining evangelical defenders of Trump to abandon him. But for the most part, that’s not what happened.” 
Just as we have seen numerous times in the media, while many Trump supporters were running in the other direction, there were still an enormous amount of influential conservatives battening down the hatches and riding through this storm, still defending the man. 
Men like Jerry Falwell Jr., Ben Carson, Tony Perkins, Mike Huckabee, and more , have either stayed steady with their support or have come back to the “Trump Side,” shortly after jumping ship, all taking the stance that America should focus less on character and more on policy. Noble discusses the Christian Conservative view this election season by saying : “Jalsevac makes explicit the logic of so many leaders on the religious right: Character is fundamentally private and only tangentially related the public work of policymaking and politics. Sin is still bad, but since we are all sinners, and since we are not electing a “pastor in chief,” what matters most is what kind of president the candidates would be. The real is the political. Everything else is just style.” 
Here is the kicker, though, the pushing off of character and focusing on policy way of thinking for the Christian Conservative was the complete opposite when former President Bill Clinton confessed to his indiscretions while in office. In fact, the Southern Baptist Convention passed a “ Resolution on the Moral Characters of Public Officials ,” after Clinton’s incident stating: “WHEREAS, Some journalists report that many Americans are willing to excuse or overlook immoral or illegal conduct by unrepentant public officials so long as economic prosperity prevails; and WHEREAS, Tolerance of serious wrong by leaders sears the conscience of the culture, spawns unrestrained immorality and lawlessness in the society, and surely results in God’s judgment (1 Kings 16:30; Isaiah 5:18-25); and … Therefore, be it RESOLVED, That we, the messengers to the Southern Baptist Convention, meeting June 9-11, 1998, in Salt Lake City, Utah, affirm that moral character matters to God and should matter to all citizens, especially God’s people when choosing public leaders; and … Be it finally RESOLVED, That we urge all Americans to embrace and act on the conviction that character does count in public office, and to elect those officials and candidates who, although imperfect, demonstrate consistent honesty, moral purity, and the highest character.” 
Ultimately what this is saying is that if someone is placed in office with a severe lack of personal conviction, it can ultimately harm everyone involved; an entirely different viewpoint than the rhetoric they are putting forth about support for Donald Trump. And don’t be mistaken, this position was held and represented as late as 2015 when Mike Huckabee responded during an interview to the millennial viewpoint of Bill Clinton’s indiscretions by saying : “Probably not, for two reasons. One, they were infants when it all happened. And the second reason is that growing up in a moral climate in which people just don’t seem to care that much about other people’s lives. They don’t make the connection between personal character and public character. They don’t seem to think that there is a correlation. I think there is. I think if a person will lie to an individual, they will lie to a country. I think if a person is not honest with themselves, they’ll be dishonest with the voters. And so I do think character matters, I believe it always had. It doesn’t mean we elect perfect people. We don’t, we never have, we never will, but I do think that it matters that a person represents himself or herself with a level of authenticity and that doesn’t always happen Hugh, and I do think it’s one of the pitfalls of our current political environment.” Via Vox 
So while public figures like James Dobson endorse Trump with the, “We are electing a commander-in-chief not a theologian-in-chief,” he was damning the idea of not holding Bill Clinton responsible for his moral character. In 1998, while President of Focus on the Family , Dobson wrote : “As it turns out, character DOES matter. You can’t run a family, let alone a country, without it. How foolish to believe that a person who lacks honesty and moral integrity is qualified to lead a nation and the world! Nevertheless, our people continue to say that the President is doing a good job even if they don’t respect him personally. Those two positions are fundamentally incompatible. In the Book of James the question is posed, “Can both fresh water and salt water flow from the same spring” (James 3:11 NIV). The answer is no.” 
It seems to me the winds of the religious, political race have changed drastically and not to fit the idea that the Bible represents, but to satisfy lead religious bodies in their political views. As we are condemned for our lack of character in our everyday lives, Trump’s character is swept to the side as nothing more than a luxury for a political candidate. 
Featured Image Via The Daily Beast About Stephanie Kuklish 
I am a 30 something writer passionate about politics, the environment, human rights and pretty much everything that effects our everyday life. To stay on top of the topics I discuss, like and follow me at https://www.facebook.com/keeponwriting and https://facebook.com/progressivenomad . Connect",0
3404,How To Recognize Light From Dark,"Leave a reply 
Diane Canfield – The biggest step in evolution is to be able to recognize light from Dark. Light cares about others but not in a way that furthers their own agenda. Dark cares about self and many times in this reality masquerades as light. 
You must be able to look past words and look at agendas to see light and dark. What does the person have to gain? This is how we see agendas. What is the motivator behind the person? Too often there is manipulation that takes place and many are not able to see beyond the dark manipulation. Yes all manipulation is dark. 
This speaks to our own shadow side as well, dark is not to be embraced but instead transformed into LIGHT. Dark is to be processed, worked with and transmuted. The same way an addict can be transformed from self hatred to self love. We would show them how to fall in love with themselves 
Light and dark also have a feeling that goes along with them energetically. Light feels light and honest. Dark feels like hidden secrets and lies. Light is light and airy. Dark is a drained and sluggish feeling. Dark is one of confusion. Light is one of clarity. – www.DianeCanfield.com SF Source How To Exit The Matrix Nov. 2016 Share this:",0
3405,"The FOUR Reasons for the Assassination of JFK, The Greatest US President",". The FOUR Reasons for the Assassination of JFK, The Greatest US President For me, this case is closed. John F. Kennedy was assassinated for stripping the Rothschild-owned Fed... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/the-four-reasons-for-assassination-of.html For me, this case is closed. John F. Kennedy was assassinated for stripping the Rothschild-owned Federal Reserve of its power to print and loan money to the United States Federal Government at interest. President Kennedy signed Executive Order No. 11110 on June 4, 1963, which returned to the U.S. government the power to issue currency, without going through the privately-owned Federal Reserve . Unknowingly, he also signed his death sentence that day. President Kennedy was assassinated on November 22, 1963 and the United States Notes (backed by silver) he had issued were immediately taken out of circulation. Federal Reserve Notes continued to serve as the legal currency of the nation. You can read everything on the subject by following this link .But, it's likely that at least three other factors have played a role in the decision to assassinate him and, later, other members of his family . 2. Not long before his death, President Kennedy famously stated: ""I will splinter the CIA into a thousand pieces and scatter it into the winds."" It is known that JFK fired CIA Director Allen Dulles and this book claims the latter is responsible for ordering the hit on the US President. 3. In a famous speech, JFK exposed the network of secret societies that operate against the American people and publicly opposed their devious ways of undermining mankind's freedom. Just two years before he was assassinated (1961), JFK gave a really chilling — yet inspiring — speech, exposing secret societies. The warning is especially powerful because it came from a President in office: For me, this speech is remarkable especially because the Kennedys were part of the 13 ""elite"" families that rule the Earth from the shadows. These three facts are clearly showing that JFK declared war against the shadow ""elite"" and their network of secret societies. And for this reason, he and many other members of his lineage have paid the ultimate price . But he was not the only US President who gave us this warning: Former US Presidents and High Officials Warn About the 'Invisible Government' Running the USA 4. Lastly, just ten days before his assassination, JFK asked for access to the UFO files. Based on evidence , the plot for JFK's assassination was already set in motion when he asked to access the UFO files. In fact, new evidence suggests that Lee Harvey Oswald worked directly for Robert F. Kennedy and — shockingly — helped save JFK from an ‘assassination plot’ three weeks earlier in Chicago . But, in so doing, he sealed his own fate. You can read more on the subject by accessing this link . But, even though JFK was already marked for assassination, demanding access to the UFO files could have expedited the efforts to take him out before he could succeed. The following article, wrote by Makia Freeman , makes a very strong case in support of this idea. Was JFK murdered mostly because he was trying to gain access to classified information on UFOs, ETs and aliens? As we approach the 53rd anniversary of the JFK assassination (which occurred on November 22, 1963) and mark the death of the greatest US president ever to challenge the New World Order Secret Government, it is worth briefly looking back in time to realize the tremendous lessons from the Kennedy murder. Last year in 2015 I released an in-depth 3-part series on the JFK assassination, dealing with the Who , How and Why of the event, which was a sacrificial mass ritual designed (among other things) to traumatize the American public. In part 3 I compiled a list of the various motives certain people and groups had to kill Kennedy. JFK had crossed the CIA, the Nazis, the Zionists, the Military Industrial Complex, the Federal Reserve and the Mafia – all the while not being part of Secret Society Freemasonic brotherhood. However, was the ultimate reason he was killed due to his persistence and demands in obtaining top secret intelligence on the alien matter? Was JFK murdered because he challenged the power of Majestic-12 or MJ-12, the hidden group Truman had created to be the keepers of UFO and alien secrets? There is substantial evidence to indicate this is indeed the case. Released JFK Letters to CIA and NASA Show His Demand for UFO Files – 10 Days Before His Death Two memos authored by Kennedy were released to researcher William Lester under FOIA (Freedom of Information Act). Both were written on November 12, 1963, just 10 days before JFK was murdered. One of them is a letter (pictured below) to CIA Director John McCone, who succeeded CIA Director Allen Dulles, one of the JFK assassination conspirators and masterminds (see part 1 ). In the memorandum with the subject “Classification review of all UFO intelligent files affecting National Security”, JFK explicitly writes that he has initiated a joint space program with the USSR. He is telling the CIA that he wants to share its UFO, ET and alien data with NASA, and wants to distinguish between knowns and unknowns (we can interpret the “knowns” as US controlled secret technology such as anti-gravity craft and the “unknowns” as genuine extraterrestrial phenomena). Here is the text: “As I had discussed with you previously, I have initiated [redacted] have instructed James Webb to develop a program with the Soviet Union in joint space and inner exploration. “It would be very helpful if you would have the high threat cases reviewed with the purpose of identification of bona fide as opposed to classified CIA and USAF sources. “It is important that we make a clear distinction between the knowns and unknowns in the event the Soviets try to mistake our extended cooperation as a cover for intelligence gathering of their defense and space programs. “When this data has been sorted out, I would like you to arrange a program of data sharing with NASA where Unknowns are a factor. This will help NASA mission directors in their defensive responsibilities. “I would like an interim report on the data review no later than February 1, 1964.” The other memorandum (National Security Action Memorandum No. 271, pictured below) is addressed to then NASA administrator James Webb. It carries the subject line of “Cooperation with the USSR on Outer Space Matters”. JFK outlines how he wants NASA to develop a program of cooperation with the Russians in the field of outer space. JFK Murdered Over UFO Intelligence Access – The Bigger Picture However, to put these two memos in context, you need to understand that Kennedy had been chasing the golden goose for a long time. Authors and experts such as Dr. Michael Salla, Richard Hoagland and Mike Bara, some of whose work you can read here in “ President Kennedy’s deadly confrontation with the CIA & MJ-12 over ET/UFO X-Files – Part II ”, have done extensive research to show that JFK was determined, before his presidency even began, to get full UFO intelligence access and as president re-take control of the information. He wanted it out of military, unelected hands and placed back into civilian, elected ones. He was out to undo the damage Truman had done, and Eisenhower had continued, by setting up the hidden MJ-12 group in 1947 and keeping the UFO and alien subject under wraps as a giant secret. The following is from a review or synopsis of Salla’s book Kennedy’s Last Stand: Eisenhower, UFOs, MJ-12 and JFK’s Assassination : “In searching for answers to who killed President Kennedy we need to start with the death of his mentor, James Forrestal in 1949. Forrestal became the first Secretary of Defense in 1947, a position he held until March, 1949. “Forrestal was a visionary who thought Americans had a right to know about the existence of extraterrestrial life and technologies. “Forrestal was sacked by President Truman because he was revealing the truth to various officials, including Kennedy who was a Congressman at the time. Forrestal’s ideals and vision inspired Kennedy, and laid the seed for what would happen 12 years later. “After winning the 1960 Presidential election, Kennedy learned a shocking truth from President Eisenhower. The control group set up to run highly classified extraterrestrial technologies, Majestic-12, had become a rogue government agency. “Eisenhower warned Kennedy that Majestic-12 had to be reined in. It posed a direct threat to American liberties and democratic processes. Kennedy followed Eisenhower’s advice, and set out to realize James Forrestal’s vision. “The same forces that orchestrated Forrestal’s death, opposed Kennedy’s efforts at every turn. When Kennedy was on the verge of succeeding, by forcing the CIA to share classified UFO information with other government agencies on November 12, 1963, he was assassinated ten days later.” Joint US-USSR Space Missions: JFK Murdered Over Clever Strategy Although JFK surely and naturally had other reasons for wanting to work together with the Soviets (and thus avoid any possibility of a nuclear war), it is quite possible that his proposed joint US-USSR program was an excuse and a clever means to wrest control of the ET issue from the hands of MJ-12. To have NASA cooperate with the Soviet space administration on lunar missions and outer space exploration would necessarily mean sharing data on UFOs. After all, the existence (and extreme technological capacity) of such craft were an obvious security factor and threat that would impact any space expedition. Kennedy already had Soviet leader Nikita Kruschchev on board. Salla writes : “Documents confirm that on November 12, 1963 Kennedy and Khrushchev had agreed on steps to share UFO information precisely for this reason, and Kennedy identified the CIA as the lead U.S. agency to implement the process. “Unknown to Kennedy, the CIA’s chief of counterintelligence, Angleton, implemented a secret set of directives that would deny access to classified UFO information to Kennedy, his national security staff and the Joint Chiefs of Staff.” The “burned memo” or MJ-12 Kennedy assassination directive The MJ-12 Kennedy Assassination Directive Truth is heavily guarded by layers of secrecy, deception, falsehood and propaganda. Often, government officials hide the truth by overseeing partial disclosures which are carefully orchestrated to give away just enough of the secret without going in too deep. Ever since the Roswell crash of 1947, the US Government kept 2 sets of UFO files. The tamer cases and less controversial information were made publicly available through Project Blue Book, which was the official public investigation into UFOs by the USAF. It formally ended in 1970. However, the really good stuff with high classifications was kept under lock and key by the CIA and MJ-12. Kennedy must have learnt enough about the situation to have known this, and have slowly but surely been making his way to the source of the information. By the time it got to November 12th, 1963, it was the final straw; MJ-12 who controlled the CIA would not allow Kennedy to have UFO intelligence access – at any cost. As mentioned in part 3, the Kennedy assassination directive (pictured above) was written in code language to disguise the hit they were ordering. It uses the Russian spy term “wet” (i.e. wet from being drenched in fresh blood) to mean a killing. The memo reads:“when conditions become nonconductive for growth in our environment and Washington cannot be influenced any further... it should be ‘wet.’” This is from Salla’s commentary: “Dr Robert Wood who is the foremost expert in analyzing MJ-12 documents using forensic methods, has concluded that the burned document is an assassination directive... he pointed out that the cryptic phrase “it should be wet” originates from Russia, where the phrase ‘wet works’ or “wet affairs” denotes someone who had been killed and is drenched with blood. The codeword ‘wet’ was later adopted by the Soviet KGB and other intelligence agencies... In drafting this cryptic directive, Allen Dulles was seeking approval from six of his MJ-12 colleagues, to lay the justification for the assassination of any elected or appointed official in Washington DC whose policies were “non-conducive for growth”. The cryptic directive was a pre-authorization for the assassination of any U.S. President who could not “be influenced any further” to follow MJ-12 policies.” CIA Wiretap of Marilyn Monroe Also Suggests JFK Murdered Over UFO Issue Popular actress Marilyn Monroe was a famous lover of both JFK and his brother Robert, who served as Attorney General in the Kennedy Administration. In April 2014, evidence came to light in the form of an alleged CIA transcription (pictured below). If real – and it appears genuine – it shows that the CIA were wiretapping Monroe and knew she was about to go public and blow the whistle on JFK and UFOs. Here is what the alleged CIA wiretap document (dated August 3, 1962) states: “Rothberg indicated in so many words, that she [Monroe] had secrets to tell, no doubt arising from her trists [sic] with the President and the Attorney General. “One such “secret” mentions the visit by the President at a secret air base for the purpose of inspecting things from outer space. 2. Subject repeatedly called the Attorney General and complained about the way she was being ignored by the President and his brother. 3. Subject threatened to hold a press conference and would tell all.” CIA wiretap of Marilyn Monroe: more proof JFK murdered due to UFOs and aliens? Robert Kennedy Also Briefed On UFOs Another piece of evidence substantiating the “JFK murdered due to UFOs” hypothesis is that his brother and Attorney General Robert Kennedy was also briefed on the matter. Lieutenant Colonel Philip Corso, a man who served in a number of National Security Council committees from 1953-57 during the Eisenhower presidency, says Bobby actually sought him out. In this short video Corso says he personally briefed Bobby Kennedy on the subject of flying saucers or UFOs. Bobby was JFK’s closest advisor. Conclusion: Highly Likely JFK Murdered Over UFOs and ETs / Aliens So at the end of the day was JFK murdered over the UFOs and aliens? While there were many motives for (and conspirators involved in) the killing of JFK, the evidence is overwhelming that his demand for more control over the UFO and alien subject was the crucial factor in the decision by MJ-12 to assassinate him. It may have been the straw that broke the camel’s back, but more likely it was the central issue all along. JFK inherited a system from Eisenhower and Truman, US presidents who had already given away substantial control to the Military Industrial Intelligence Complex. Indeed, the very term “Military Industrial Complex” (MIC) has only become so commonplace thanks to Eisenhower using it in his farewell speech , where he issued a grave warning to the American public about the power that the MIC already held (but which he also allowed to a large extent). To study the New World Order and the worldwide conspiracy at the deepest levels is to study the UFO, ET and alien agenda. To study UFOs and aliens, in turn, is to accept the existence of free energy technology (aka zero point or over unity energy). This is the gamechanger . Once people accept the reality of free energy and learn how to create and share it, the control grid and conspiracy will evaporate – because knowledgeable and abundant people cannot be controlled. There is so much at stake at here! Thank you JFK and to all others who have dedicated their lives to making this information public, widespread and accessible ! The truth cannot be hidden forever. Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
3406,"Obama, With Angela Merkel in Berlin, Assails Spread of Fake News - The New York Times","BERLIN  —   In his strongest public comments since the election, President Obama on Thursday sharply criticized the spread of fake news online and said that   Donald J. Trump would not remain in office for long if he failed to take the job seriously. Mr. Obama made his remarks at a news conference in Berlin beside the German chancellor, Angela Merkel, one of his closest allies on the Continent, calling the pair “veterans” of the international political stage. Ms. Merkel was unusually sentimental. “It is hard to say goodbye,” she said. But instead of basking in the glow of his valedictory tour of Europe, Mr. Obama used the moment to make a passionate and pointed attack on bogus news stories disseminated on Facebook and other social media platforms, twice calling such false reports a threat to democracy in his hourlong news conference. Mr. Obama also warned Mr. Trump of the need to take the job of the presidency seriously and to be tough on Russia. “The extraordinary demands that are placed on the United States not just by its own people, but by people around the world  —   that forces you to focus,” Mr. Obama said of Mr. Trump’s ascent to the presidency. “That demands seriousness. ” “And if you’re not serious about the job, then you probably won’t be there very long,” Mr. Obama added. But it was on the subject of false information coursing through social media and television that Mr. Obama was most impassioned, so much so that at one stage he lost track of the question he was answering. “Because in an age where there’s so much active misinformation and its packaged very well and it looks the same when you see it on a Facebook page or you turn on your television,” Mr. Obama said. “If everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are made, then we won’t know what to protect. ” “I got all caught up in that one,” he said. Mark Zuckerberg, the chief executive of Facebook, recently said fake news on the social network was rare, and dismissed notions that such reports might have swayed the election as “pretty crazy. ” But executives and employees at Facebook have been questioning if, or how, the social network helped influence the opinions and votes of Americans, according to interviews with current and former Facebook employees. Bogus news stories appearing online and on social media appear to have had a greater reach in the final months of the campaign than articles by authoritative, mainstream news outlets, according to an analysis of Facebook activity by BuzzFeed. In the three months before Election Day, the most popular stories produced by hoax sites and “hyperpartisan blogs” generated more engagement  —   likes, shares and comments  —   on Facebook than the most popular articles by major news websites, the analysis found. Among the 20 most popular fake election stories identified by BuzzFeed, all but three favored Mr. Trump or denigrated Hillary Clinton. Facebook and Google, which has also faced mounting criticism over distribution of fake stories on its platforms, said this week that they would take aim at the fake news sites’ online sources of revenue. In Berlin, Mr. Obama pointed a second time to the potential dangers of false news reports. “In the United States, if 43 percent of eligible voters do not vote, then democracy is weakened,” he said in response to a question about the recent election. “If we are not serious about facts and what’s true and what’s not, and particularly in an age of social media when so many people are getting their information in sound bites and off their phones, if we can’t discriminate between serious arguments and propaganda, then we have problems. ” Ms. Merkel offered her own warnings about the disruptions associated with digitization, likening the present period to the social disruptions that occurred during the Industrial Revolution. Germans have shown deep ambivalence toward social media, worried that global companies fail to respect the country’s strict laws protecting personal privacy. Facebook has also come under scrutiny from the German government for allowing the spread of hate speech in postings that would be illegal in traditional media. The chancellor thanked Mr. Obama for putting “personal privacy on the agenda,” a nod to the strain in relations between the two after it emerged in 2013 that the National Security Agency had been monitoring Ms. Merkel’s cellphone, prompting outrage among Germans. Mr. Obama urged Mr. Trump to cooperate with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia when the Russians behave, but said he hoped “that the   also is willing to stand up to Russia where they are deviating from our values and international norms. ” “And I don’t expect that the   will follow exactly our blueprint or our approach, but my hope is that he does not simply take a realpolitik approach,” Mr. Obama said. “That will be something we’ll learn more about as the   puts his team together,” he added. Mr. Trump has repeatedly complimented Mr. Putin and has sought to improve ties with Russia. The United States has accused Russia of hacking emails of Democratic Party officials in order to influence the election, and Mr. Putin warmly welcomed Mr. Trump’s victory. Mr. Obama said he spoke to Mr. Trump last week about ensuring that his actions help to unify and not divide the country. “And what I said to him was what may work in generating enthusiasm or passion during elections may be different than what will work in terms of unifying the country and gaining the trust even of those who didn’t support him,” Mr. Obama said. “And he’s indicated his understanding of that. ” “That has to reflect itself not only in the things he says but also in how he fills out his administration,” Mr. Obama said, apparently referring to Mr. Trump’s appointment of Stephen K. Bannon as a senior adviser. Mr. Bannon has been criticized for his association with racist, nationalistic and   views. “My hope is that that’s something he is thinking about,” Mr. Obama added. “Because not only is the president of the United States somebody that the entire country looks to for direction, but sets the agenda internationally in a lot of ways. ” Mr. Obama said Mr. Trump had reassured him that he would remain committed to the NATO alliance once in office, and that he was encouraged by that. Germans have been unsettled by many of Mr. Trump’s campaign pledges, above all his questioning of America’s commitment to NATO. West Germany relied on the alliance to protect it from the Soviets throughout the Cold War and many Eastern European countries now see it as their guarantee against a resurgent Russia. Yet the Europeans, including Germany, have failed consistently over the years to uphold their financial commitment to supporting the alliance, long a sore point with Washington. Germany has fallen short of its contributions over the past several years, and in 2015 made good on only about half its pledge, despite record tax income for the government. Ms. Merkel vowed that this would change in the future, crediting Mr. Obama with delivering the message that Germany needed to increase military spending. “In the long term, the imbalance over defense spending cannot be maintained, and Germany has understood this message and already begun to react,” Ms. Merkel said. Mr. Obama added that Germans should appreciate what the United States had done for the country since World War II. “But I can say to the German people that the United States has been good for Germany,” he said. “Has looked out for Germany. Has provided security for Germany. Has helped rebuild Germany. And unify Germany. ” Mr. Obama also said that if he were German, he would probably vote for Ms. Merkel, who may run next year for a fourth   term. “I don’t know whether that hurts or helps,” he said with a smile. Mr. Obama arrived in Berlin on Wednesday night, and the two leaders had a private dinner. Mr. Obama spent much of Thursday morning waiting at his hotel for Ms. Merkel’s schedule to clear. The two dined again Thursday evening and will meet Friday morning along with the leaders of Britain, France, Italy and Spain. Mr. Obama leaves for an   summit in Lima, Peru, early Friday afternoon.",0
3407,Now Malaysia Dumps US for Chinese Naval Vessels,"Now Malaysia Dumps US for Chinese Naval Vessels October 28, 2016 Now Malaysia Dumps US for Chinese Naval Vessels 
Malaysia will sign a contract to purchase Littoral Mission Ships from China when Prime Minister Najib Razak visits Beijing next week, according to a Facebook posting by the country's Ministry of Defence. Malaysia follows the Philippines in this regional shift from the United States to China The text of a speech to be delivered by Malaysian defense minister Hishammuddin Hussein was posted on Facebook on Tuesday The statement was later removed after media asked a defense ministry spokesman for comment. The purchase of the patrol vessels, if it proceeds, would be Malaysia's first significant defense deal with China and comes amid rising tensions in the South China Sea and as the United States and China compete for influence in the region. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",0
3408,Donald Trump Is Elected President in Stunning Repudiation of the Establishment - The New York Times,"Donald John Trump was elected the 45th president of the United States on Tuesday in a stunning culmination of an explosive, populist and polarizing campaign that took relentless aim at the institutions and   ideals of American democracy. The surprise outcome, defying late polls that showed Hillary Clinton with a modest but persistent edge, threatened convulsions throughout the country and the world, where skeptics had watched with alarm as Mr. Trump’s unvarnished overtures to disillusioned voters took hold. The triumph for Mr. Trump, 70, a real estate    television star with no government experience, was a powerful rejection of the establishment forces that had assembled against him, from the world of business to government, and the consensus they had forged on everything from trade to immigration. The results amounted to a repudiation, not only of Mrs. Clinton, but of President Obama, whose legacy is suddenly imperiled. And it was a decisive demonstration of power by a largely overlooked coalition of mostly   white and   voters who felt that the promise of the United States had slipped their grasp amid decades of globalization and multiculturalism. In Mr. Trump, a   Manhattanite who lives in a     penthouse apartment on Fifth Avenue, they found an improbable champion. “The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer,” Mr. Trump told supporters around 3 a. m. on Wednesday at a rally in New York City, just after Mrs. Clinton called to concede. In a departure from a blistering campaign in which he repeatedly stoked division, Mr. Trump sought to do something he had conspicuously avoided as a candidate: Appeal for unity. “Now it’s time for America to bind the wounds of division,” he said. “It is time for us to come together as one united people. It’s time. ” That, he added, “is so important to me. ” He offered unusually warm words for Mrs. Clinton, who he has suggested should be in jail, saying she was owed “a major debt of gratitude for her service to our country. ” Bolstered by Mr. Trump’s strong showing, Republicans  retained control of the Senate. Only one   seat, in Illinois, fell to Democrats early in the evening. And Senator Richard Burr of North Carolina, a Republican, easily won   in a race that had been among the country’s most competitive. A handful of other Republican incumbents facing difficult races were running better than expected. Mr. Trump’s win  —   stretching across the battleground states of Florida, North Carolina, Ohio and Pennsylvania  —   seemed likely to set off financial jitters  and immediate unease among international allies, many of which were startled when Mr. Trump in his campaign cast doubt on the necessity of America’s military commitments abroad and its allegiance to international economic partnerships. From the moment he entered the campaign, with a shocking set of claims that Mexican immigrants were rapists and criminals, Mr. Trump was widely underestimated as a candidate, first by his opponents for the Republican nomination and later by Mrs. Clinton, his Democratic rival. His rise was largely missed by polling organizations and data analysts. And an air of improbability trailed his campaign, to the detriment of those who dismissed his angry message, his improvisational style and his appeal to disillusioned voters. He suggested remedies that raised questions of constitutionality, like a ban on Muslims entering the United States. He threatened opponents, promising lawsuits against news organizations that covered him critically and women who accused him of sexual assault. At times, he simply lied. But Mr. Trump’s unfiltered rallies and unshakable   attracted a zealous following, fusing unsubtle identity politics with an economic populism that often defied party doctrine. His rallies  —   furious, entertaining, heavy on   and nationalist overtones  —   became the nexus of a political movement, with daily promises of sweeping victory, in the election and otherwise, and an insistence that the country’s political machinery was “rigged” against Mr. Trump and those who admired him. He seemed to embody the success and grandeur that so many of his followers felt was missing from their own lives  —   and from the country itself. And he scoffed at the     ways of modern politics, calling them a waste of time and money. Instead, he relied on his gut. At his victory party at the New York Hilton Midtown, where a raucous crowd indulged in a cash bar and wore hats bearing his ubiquitous campaign slogan “Make America Great Again,” voters expressed gratification that their voices had, at last, been heard. “He was talking to people who weren’t being spoken to,” said Joseph Gravagna, 37, a marketing company owner from Rockland County, N. Y. “That’s how I knew he was going to win. ” For Mrs. Clinton, the defeat signaled an astonishing end to a political dynasty that has colored Democratic politics for a generation. Eight years after losing to President Obama in the Democratic primary  —   and 16 years after leaving the White House for the United States Senate, as President Bill Clinton exited office  —   she had seemed positioned to carry on two legacies: her husband’s and the president’s. Her shocking loss was a devastating turn for the sprawling world of Clinton aides and strategists who believed they had built an electoral machine that would swamp Mr. Trump’s ragtag band of loyal operatives and family members, many of whom had no experience running a national campaign. On Tuesday night, stricken Clinton aides who believed that Mr. Trump had no mathematical path to victory, anxiously paced the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center as states in which they were confident of victory, like Florida and North Carolina, either fell to Mr. Trump or seemed in danger of tipping his way. Mrs. Clinton watched the grim results roll in from a suite at the nearby Peninsula Hotel, surrounded by her family, friends and advisers who had the day before celebrated her candidacy with a champagne toast on her campaign plane. But over and over, Mrs. Clinton’s weaknesses as a candidate were exposed. She failed to excite voters hungry for change. She struggled to build trust with Americans who were baffled by her decision to use a private email server as secretary of state. And she strained to make a persuasive case for herself as a champion of the economically downtrodden after delivering perfunctory paid speeches that earned her millions of dollars. The returns Tuesday also amounted to a historic rebuke of the Democratic Party from the white   voters who had formed the party base from the presidency of Franklin D. Roosevelt to Mr. Clinton’s. Yet Mrs. Clinton and her advisers had taken for granted that states like Michigan and Wisconsin would stick with a Democratic nominee, and that she could repeat Mr. Obama’s strategy of mobilizing the party’s ascendant liberal coalition rather than pursuing a more moderate course like her husband did 24 years ago. But not until these voters were offered a Republican who ran as an unapologetic populist, railing against foreign trade deals and illegal immigration, did they move so drastically away from their ancestral political home. To the surprise of many on the left, white voters who had helped elect the nation’s first black president, appeared more reluctant to line up behind a white woman. From Pennsylvania to Wisconsin, industrial towns once full of union voters who for decades offered their votes to Democratic presidential candidates, even in the party’s lean years, shifted to Mr. Trump’s Republican Party. One county in the Mahoning Valley of Ohio, Trumbull, went to Mr. Trump by a   margin. Four years ago, Mr. Obama won there by 22 points. Mrs. Clinton’s loss was especially crushing to millions who had cheered her march toward history as, they hoped, the nation’s first female president. For supporters, the election often felt like a referendum on gender progress: an opportunity to elevate a woman to the nation’s top job and to repudiate a man whose remarkably boorish behavior toward women had assumed center stage during much of the campaign. Mr. Trump boasted, in a 2005 video released last month, about using his public profile to commit sexual assault. He suggested that female political rivals lacked a presidential “look. ” He ranked women on a scale of one to 10, even holding forth on the desirability of his own daughter  —   the kind of throwback male behavior that many in the country assumed would disqualify a candidate for high office. On Tuesday, the public’s verdict was rendered. Uncertainty abounds as Mr. Trump prepares to take office. His campaign featured a   list of policy proposals, often seeming to change hour to hour. His staff was in constant turmoil, with Mr. Trump’s children serving critical campaign roles and a rotating cast of advisers alternately seeking access to Mr. Trump’s ear, losing it and, often, regaining it, depending on the day. Even Mr. Trump’s full embrace of the Republican Party came exceedingly late in life, leaving members of both parties unsure about what he truly believes. He has donated heavily to both parties and has long described his politics as the transactional reality of a businessman. Mr. Trump’s dozens of business entanglements  —   many of them in foreign countries  —   will follow him into the Oval Office, raising questions about potential conflicts of interest. His refusal to release his tax returns, and his acknowledgment that he did not pay federal income taxes for years, has left the American people with considerable gaps in their understanding of the financial dealings. But this they do know: Mr. Trump will thoroughly reimagine the tone, standards and expectations of the presidency, molding it in his own   image. He is set to take the oath of office on Jan. 20.",0
3409,Astronomers Think They Have Just Discovered Messages Sent From Aliens,"Anomalous signals from deep space often evoke a quick pulse of gossip and speculation about aliens that dies off soon thereafter, when scientists are able to explain it. Usually, the explanation involves a natural cosmic process — an asteroid, space detritus, or frequencies from an exploded star. 
Via AntiMedia 

Sometimes, however, the signals are too mysterious to explain. There’s a reason why you may have seen a sustained social media buzz regarding aliens this past week. A few days ago, two scientists from Laval University in Quebec released a paper arguing they may have just received our first communication from extraterrestrials.
Scroll Down For Video Below! First, a bit of context. This has been an exciting decade for those of us who stargaze in awe, wondering how many sentient beings live in this incomprehensibly enormous universe of ours. First, the search for exoplanets accelerated dramatically, aided by the Keplar telescope, which has identified over 1,000 planets outside of our solar system.
While scientists have long known that our Milky Way galaxy alone probably contains several hundred billion planets, the ability to study them had eluded us until fairly recently (this ability will be exponentially augmented when the James Webb telescope allows us to analyze exoplanets’ atmospheres and search for traces of industrial gasses). Additionally, the discovery of Earth-like exoplanets — some of which are conceivably close enough to visit in a few decades — has tantalizing ramifications for our near future human race.
Earlier this year, scientists announced the incredible observation of a series of inexplicable brightness frequencies from the star KIC 8462852, which led many to speculate the signals could have been originating from a Dyson sphere, a theoretical megastructure by which an advanced alien race (a Kardschez type 2 civilization) could harness the power of its sun. The newest discovery from this star has made it even more unlikely that the signals are from natural causes.
The newest strange signals hail from a gaggle of some 234 stars identified by the Sloan Digital Sky Survey, which analyzed the spectra of 2.5 million stars. E.F. Borra and E. Trottier, the two astronomers who discovered the anomalies, discussed them in their paper, which was originally titled “Signals probably from Extraterrestrial Intelligence.”
“We find that the detected signals have exactly the shape of an [extraterrestrial intelligence] signal predicted in the previous publication and are therefore in agreement with this hypothesis,” they wrote.
“The fact that they are only found in a very small fraction of stars within a narrow spectral range centered near the spectral type of the sun is also in agreement with the ETI hypothesis.” Of course, it is far from certain that these are actual alien messages. In an interview with none other than Snopes.com, Borra claimed he never actually used the word ‘probably’ and that further confirmation was needed.
The director of the SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) Institute, Andrew Siemion, issued an admonishing response: “You can’t make such definitive statements about detections unless you’ve exhausted every possible means of follow-up.”
So why is everyone so excited? The discovery appears to match a prediction Borra made in 2012 when he claimed aliens could very well use intermittent bursts of laser as a means of communication. For his part, Siemion plans to use his Breakthrough Listen Initiative to more closely assess several stars from the 234 sample. Meanwhile, Borra andTrottier, Borra’s graduate student, will continue observing the mysterious signals.
It’s an exciting decade for space research. With plans for a mission to Mars in the hopper, as well as an exploratory probe that will be sent to the moon Europa, we may be witnessing the rebirth of the Space Race. What better incentive could there be to venture further into space than the call of an alien species? Let’s hope that by the time we meet them, our own species will have transcended its addiction to war and unsustainable resource allocation.
",0
3410,"Gays Against Sharia March Branded ’Islamophobic’, Will Be Picketed by LGBT Activists","An event organised by Gays Against Sharia to mark the anniversary of the Orlando shooting has been branded “divisive” and “Islamophobic” by LGBT activists planning a  . [The organisers of the Unite Against Hate march, set to take place in Manchester on Sunday, say they organised the event to “honour the victims of hate” including the 49 people who lost their lives at Pulse, a gay club in Orlando, Florida, at the hands of an Islamic terrorist on June 12, 2016.  Planned speakers include author Shazia Hobbs, a Glaswegian who was forced into an arranged marriage at 18 with a man who beat her, believing it was his right under Sharia law Mohammed Fiaz, a Christian convert from Islam and founder and former leader of the English Defence League Tommy Robinson. But LGBT activists have reacted with fury, insisting the event is nothing more than the cynical hijacking of gay rights by the “far right” as a cover for Islamophobia. Two groups, Lesbians and Gays Support the Migrants, and Action for Trans Health, are arranging a   against the march. “We’re protesting because the   want to use Orlando and the recent killings in the UK to demonise all Muslims,” one of the organisers of the   Anna, told Pink News. “We are clear that it is genocidal to consider millions of people responsible for the actions of a few violent men. “As queers, we know what it’s like for   to hate us  —   so we won’t be divided like this. ” One of the organisers of the Unite Against Hate march is Tommy English, a fellow traveller of Tommy Robinson’s and former leader of the English Defence League’s LGBT group who now runs Gays Against Sharia. Opponents have seized upon his presence to claim the march is nothing but a front for   Islamophobes. Pink News quotes Sam Bjorn as saying: “As LGBT+ people we won’t stand idly by as far right bigots like the EDL attempt to use our rights as a weapon against people from the Muslim community. “When groups like the EDL are preying on tragedy like the recent attack in Manchester to promote hate and division, it’s more important than ever to come together and say that we do not tolerate their Islamophobia and racism. “We encourage everyone, gay or straight, to join us on 11 June to show that the LGBT+ community and the people of Manchester won’t let the hate of   bigots divide us. ” Pink News has joined in the condemnation, branding the event as a “fake” and accusing the organisers of “hijacking the first anniversary of the Pulse nightclub shooting with an   march,” which it described as a “disturbing tactic”. Veteran gay rights activist Peter Tatchell has also entered the fray, tweeting his opposition to the march. If you like our work opposing Islamist homophobia https:  .  please consider donating https:  .  THANKS A LOT : ) pic. twitter.   —   Peter Tatchell (@PeterTatchell) April 16, 2017,  When confronted by fellow Twitter users who accused him of “defending the wrong people” he reacted by tweeting his “delight” at having been “targeted” by “fascists” as he said it showed he had “rattled the far right”. Just a few weeks later Tatchell tweeted an appeal to help overturn the death penalty for homosexuality, which still exists in several countries. Several countries still have the death penalty for LGBT people. We urgently need your help to stop it. Donate https:  .  THANX! pic. twitter.   —   Peter Tatchell (@PeterTatchell) May 11, 2017,  The ten countries in which homosexuality is punishable by death are Afghanistan, Iran, Mauritania, Nigeria, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Somalia, Sudan, the United Arab Emirates and Yemen. In some cases, the laws apply only in regions of the country under Sharia law or are only applicable to Muslims.",0
3411,Buffett Calls Trump’s Bluff and Releases His Tax Data - The New York Times,"Warren E. Buffett is not running for president. But on Monday, Mr. Buffett, the billionaire investor, volunteered more detailed information about his income taxes than Donald J. Trump, the Republican nominee, ever has. Mr. Buffett released the information after essentially being called out by Mr. Trump during Sunday night’s presidential debate. Acknowledging for the first time that he had avoided paying federal income taxes for years by claiming nearly a billion dollars in losses in 1995, Mr. Trump then tried to shift attention to his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, accusing some of her wealthy supporters of exploiting tax laws to their own advantage. “Many of her friends took bigger deductions,” Mr. Trump said. “Warren Buffett took a massive deduction. ” Actually, he did not. “I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944,” Mr. Buffett wrote in a letter released Monday. “My 2015 return shows adjusted gross income of $11, 563, 931,” he revealed. “My deductions totaled $5, 477, 694. ” About   of those represented charitable contributions, he said. Most of the rest were related to Mr. Buffett’s state income tax payments. Mr. Buffett, the chairman of Berkshire Hathaway and one of the richest men in the world, went on to say: “My federal income tax for the year was $1, 845, 557. Returns for previous years are of a similar nature in respect to contributions, deductions and tax rates. ” Last year, Mr. Buffett paid about 16 percent of his reported income in federal income taxes. “I have copies of all 72 of my returns,” Mr. Buffett added, “and none uses a carry forward,” the provision that allows taxpayers like Mr. Trump to use losses from one year to avoid paying personal federal income taxes both on some previous tax returns and in future years. Mr. Trump had previously claimed, without producing any evidence, that Mr. Buffett declared $873 million in losses. As it turns out, the charitable contributions that Mr. Buffett did deduct from his income make up just a tiny portion of the more than $2. 85 billion he donated to charity last year, he said. The reason is that the tax code limits the amount that an individual can claim in charitable deductions. Mr. Buffett, 86, has pledged to give most of his $65 billion fortune away. By contrast, Mr. Trump’s own charitable foundations  —   and his claims about his personal contributions  —   have come under scrutiny. Last week the New York attorney general ordered the Donald J. Trump Foundation to stop soliciting donations in the state because it lacked the required registration. And many of the donations that Mr. Trump had publicly boasted of turned out to have come from other people’s pockets, like those who had given money to the Trump Foundation. Three pages of Mr. Trump’s income tax returns from 1995 obtained by The New York Times show that he claimed $916 million in losses. Mr. Trump has repeatedly refused to release his federal income tax returns, defying the practice of presidential candidates going back four decades. He and his campaign have offered varying reasons, but the excuse most frequently invoked is that he is under audit by the Internal Revenue Service. The I. R. S. said that an audit does not prevent Mr. Trump from making his returns public. Mr. Buffett made the same point. “I have been audited by the I. R. S. multiple times and am currently being audited,” he wrote in the letter. “I have no problem in releasing my tax information while under audit. Neither would Mr. Trump  —   at least he would have no legal problem. ” The Trump campaign had no comment on Mr. Buffett’s letter. Mr. Buffett’s tax strategies were drawn into the debate when Mr. Trump blamed Mrs. Clinton for not doing more when she was a senator to fix the tax code and close loopholes that favored Wall Street and wealthy campaign donors. Mrs. Clinton, who has pledged to raise taxes on rich Americans, while Mr. Trump’s plans would sharply reduce them, responded that a   Congress had repeatedly blocked such efforts. Mr. Buffett declined to comment further on his letter. George Soros, another billionaire entrepreneur who has supported the Clinton campaign, was also singled out by Mr. Trump for claiming outsize deductions of $1. 5 billion on his taxes. A spokesman for Mr. Soros, Michael Vachon, said he had no comment. Mr. Buffett has frequently criticized tax laws and loopholes for enabling him to pay a smaller share of his income in taxes than his secretary. The   Buffett rule, which has been endorsed by Mrs. Clinton, would require people who earn more than $5 million to pay at least 30 percent of their income in taxes. Mr. Buffett did concede that his tax payments have, at times, been much smaller. In 1944, he admitted, when he was just 13, “I owed only $7 in tax that year. ”",0
3412,BRUTAL! This map shows Obamacare premiums going up as much as 116% in some states,"BRUTAL! This map shows Obamacare premiums going up as much as 116% in some states Posted at 11:04 am on October 27, 2016 by Sam J. 
Gosh, thanks Obama. And we didn’t get you anything … Brutal. This map shows how much Obamacare premiums are going up in every state. pic.twitter.com/hAy0LLJyjS 
— Jason C. (@CounterMoonbat) October 27, 2016 
Brutal is right. Trending WHAT bias? James O'Keefe wonders why these 'journalists' are ignoring Project Veritas videos 
Look out Arizona, Obamacare is really going to kick you in the backside next year – 116%!?!?! 
How can this be in any way, shape or form acceptable to ANY person in this country, regardless of political affiliation? We should all be absolutely disgusted with these numbers and yet the law stands. @CounterMoonbat But it's Okay because someone else will pay? 
— Beto Ochoa (@Beto_In_Austin) October 27, 2016 
Interesting how Democrats really think this is how it works. That some magical money fairy out there will flutter down from the heavens and dispense money from their money wand and make all of this go away. 
They refuse to accept the middle class, the very people they pretend to care about, are the ones getting kicked in the teeth by this law.",0
3413,"69 Years Later, Philadelphia Apologizes to Jackie Robinson - The New York Times","Last summer, the Anderson Monarchs, a Philadelphia baseball team that featured the Little League World Series star Mo’ne Davis, barnstormed through the South. They played baseball, and they also toured sites significant to the civil rights movement as a nod to the team’s heritage  —   it is named, after all, for the Kansas City Monarchs, the Negro leagues club for which Jackie Robinson once played. “I stood where Martin Luther King and John Lewis stood,” wrote outfielder Myles Eaddy on a team blog after a visit to Selma, Ala. adding, “It is really cool to know how far we have come. ” Nearly a year later, the team’s trip has helped inspire an apology being extended by Philadelphia to Robinson, who broke Major League Baseball’s color barrier when he made his debut for the Brooklyn Dodgers at the start of the 1947 season. The apology comes as Major League Baseball, on Friday, celebrates the 69th anniversary of Robinson’s first game with the Dodgers with its Jackie Robinson Day, initiated in 2004. Every major league player wears Robinson’s No. 42, an annual sight in baseball. What is different this year is the apology from the City of Philadelphia for the manner in which the Phillies treated Robinson when he began his career. “Obviously, everyone learns about Jackie Robinson when they’re a schoolkid,” said Helen Gym, the council member who introduced the resolution to apologize to Robinson, which passed unanimously. But Gym added that the Monarchs’ tour of the South and the 2013 movie about Robinson’s life, titled “42,” further piqued her interest and the City Council’s in remembering Robinson and owning up to the Phillies’ contribution to the hostility he initially encountered. Although the resolution refers to the racism Robinson encountered as a visiting player in Philadelphia, it is generally accepted that the worst behavior the Phillies displayed toward him actually occurred earlier that season, in Ebbets Field in Brooklyn, during one of the Dodgers’ early homestands. It was then that the Phillies, led by their manager, Ben Chapman, repeatedly shouted racial slurs at Robinson when he stepped to the plate, an encounter that was vividly portrayed in “42. ” The City Council resolution states that Robinson was told to “go back to the cotton fields. ” According to Jonathan Eig, whose 2008 book “Opening Day” chronicled Robinson’s rookie season, Chapman and several Phillies also made comments about Robinson’s physical features. Robinson later said that it was the closest he came to cracking and retaliating. “For one wild and   minute, I thought, ‘To hell with Mr. Rickey’s noble experiment,’ ” Robinson once recalled, referring to Branch Rickey, the Dodgers executive who chose Robinson as the player he felt capable of integrating the game while having the discipline to not retaliate to the taunts and harassment he would face. In those initial games against the Phillies, Robinson held in his anger. “He knew this wasn’t just symbolism,” Eig said. “He knew if he could integrate Major League Baseball, it would affect lots of people’s lives. And he knew if he lashed out, he might lose the opportunity. ” For his part, Chapman would insist years later that the taunting was motivated less by racism than by a desire to gain a competitive advantage over a presumably fragile rookie. He told the writer Allen Barra that he had also used epithets against Joe DiMaggio, who was of Italian descent, and Hank Greenberg, who was Jewish. “I can imagine the possibility that both things were true,” Eig said of Chapman, “that he was deeply racist and he thought that by attacking a black guy with this racist language he might make him snap, lose his composure, get the player to take the bait, get him thrown out for half a season, get him to quit. ” In any case, the initial taunting of Robinson by Chapman and his players created a backlash. In the second game of that series, according to “Opening Day,” the Dodgers’ Eddie Stanky, a scrappy infielder and Philadelphia native, confronted the Phillies, shouting at them and calling them cowards for verbally abusing someone who could not fight back. Commentators weighed in, expressing sympathy for Robinson. “It was the first time a lot of white people and white reporters in particular noticed the abuse Robinson was taking,” Eig said, adding, “I interviewed a fan who had been a teenager who went to one of those games, heard the heckling, and was shocked. ” Chapman had come under pressure from within baseball by the time the Dodgers paid their first visit to Philadelphia that season, from May 9 to 11, with Robinson unable to stay in the same hotel as his teammates. He asked to have his picture taken with Robinson. The two men posed stiffly, holding the same bat. All these years later, the City Council resolution seems like a more genuine gesture of atonement. “I’m sure Robinson would agree an apology is in order,” Eig said.",0
3414,Elton John Cancels Shows after Contracting ’Potentially Deadly’ Infection,"Elton John has cancelled all of his upcoming concerts in Las Vegas after contracting a rare and “potentially deadly” infection while touring in South America. [A representative for John said Monday that the    “Rocket Man”   would no longer be able to honor the April and May dates of his Las Vegas residency, “The Million Dollar Piano,” due to an extended stay in a hospital recovering from the rare illness.  “During a recent, successful tour of South America, Elton contracted a harmful and unusual bacterial infection,” the singer’s representative said in a statement obtained by People magazine. “During his return flight home from Santiago, Chile, he became violently ill. Upon returning to the U. K. Elton’s doctors admitted him to hospital, where he underwent immediate treatment to remove the infection. ” “After spending two nights in intensive care followed by an extended stay in hospital, Elton was released from hospital on Saturday, April 22 and is now comfortably resting at home per doctor’s advice,” the statement added. “Infections of this nature are rare and potentially deadly. Thankfully, Elton’s medical team identified this quickly and treated it successfully. ” The representative said John is expected to make a “full and complete recovery. ” The pianist’s scheduled performance on May 6 in Bakersfield, California has also been cancelled.  “I am so fortunate to have the most incredible and loyal fans and apologise for disappointing them,” John said in his own statement. “I am extremely grateful to the medical team for their excellence in looking after me so well. ” John is expected to return to the stage June 3 with a concert in Twickenham, England. It was not immediately clear whether the cancelled concerts would be rescheduled.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
3415,FAKE NEWS: UC Davis Leftists Post Anti-MILO Posters Featuring Fake Rape Quote - Breitbart,"  students at UC Davis have posted flyers around the campus featuring a fake quote on rape allegedly from Breitbart senior editor MILO, who is scheduled to speak at the college on Friday. [The flyers, which feature the words “SHUT DOWN MILO,” “FIGHT WHITE SUPREMACY,” and “NO PLATFORM FOR HATE SPEECH,” falsely accuse MILO of being many things, including   a white supremacist, and racist, however it’s the fake alleged quote on rape which aims to rile up protesters in opposition of the dangerous faggot the most.  In a speech bubble titled “On Rape,” the flyer claims that MILO said: “Men are visual animals that quite like to look at sexy women, quite like to rape them   who cares?” “This is a flyer that I found in the mens’ bathroom” declared a student, who wanted to remain anonymous, in an email to Breitbart Tech. “So not only will they be trying to block my entrance to your lecture, bought out all your tickets so I cant get a good seat if i even get admitted to the no ticket group, but they are starting their protest a whole hour early. ” The student pointed out the fact that by protesters starting an hour early, one of his lectures would be interrupted. “Great to know these gender studies majors have nothing better to do than prevent me from getting a real degree” he proclaimed. Two mainstream media outlets, USA Today and NBC News, were forced to issue corrections on their stories about MILO recently after falsely branding him a “white supremacist” and a member of the  . After Breitbart News pointed out their lies, the outlets were quick to rectify their articles and issue a correction. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
3416,"Insider Leaks Bill’s 2-Word Nickname For Hillary, Exposes Dirty Bad Habits","Email 

No wonder Bill went elsewhere to fulfill his “sexual addiction,” as Dolly referred to it. After all, what else can you do when you’re married to a stinky woman who doesn’t shower and isn’t attracted to men anyways? Although an affair is never justified, it’s easy to sympathize with Bill on this one. But, I digress. 
The bigger point here is what the two are willing to do in order to remain in power. Most people know that you can’t trust Hillary as far as you can throw her – which isn’t very far – so the fact that she has any supporters is beyond baffling at this point. This woman is corrupt and fake to the core. Let’s just hope all of America wakes up to this reality before it’s too late and she can do any more damage than she already has. 
Bill and Hillary Clinton just can’t stay out of the spotlight these days, and the most recent leak about them could be the most damaging yet. As it turns out, someone once close to the duo just came forward to share Bill’s revealing nickname for his wife — but the worse comes as their dirty bedroom habits were exposed. 
It’s no mystery that Bill Clinton is a sexual deviant, but the most recent account given by the woman who had a 3-decade affair with the man is damning, to say the least. According to an exclusive interview given to Mail Online, Dolly Kyle was behind the scene’s long enough to not only know the two’s darkest secrets but even their dirty sexual habits – and now, she’s telling everyone. 
The connection between Dolly and Bill began when she was just 11-years-old. He was about 13-years-old at the time, but Dolly states that there was an immediate attraction, even then. As the years progressed, the two became romantically involved and stayed that way through several of their marriages over the next 30 years. 
The real affair began in 1974 just after Dolly divorced her first husband, and although Bill wasn’t married yet, he would be within the year. Although she was never interested in sharing the intimate details of the relationship, she states that she snapped when she heard Hillary recently say that all sexual assault victims have the “right to be believed.” 
Knowing full well just what Hillary had done – between the threats and the lies – to the many women who either had an affair with or were sexually assaulted by her husband Bill, Dolly knew she had to do something about it. Unfortunately for Hillary, Dolly is now coming forward with the dirty 2-word nickname Bill husband once called Hillary, among other things. 
According to Mail Online, Bill approached Dolly at their high school’s 35-year reunion to talk about “ the warden” – a.k.a. Hillary. Saying he was unhappy with his life and marriage, this was the least significant account Dolly had to share. 
In fact, Dolly recalls that Bill mentioned something about having a baby to her. Although she thought he was saying he wanted to have one with her, he was actually talking about Hillary. He wanted to put to bed the rumors that Hillary was a lesbian, even though everyone in their hometown already knew it to be true. 
Dolly states that the worst came when she met Hillary for the first time. “In that moment I noticed that the woman emitted an overpowering [body] odor of perspiration and greasy hair. I hoped that I wouldn’t gag when she got in my car,” she said. “The sandal-shod woman with lank, smelly hair stood off to the side and glared at everyone.” 
No wonder Bill went elsewhere to fulfill his “sexual addiction,” as Dolly referred to it. After all, what else can you do when you’re married to a stinky woman who doesn’t shower and isn’t attracted to men anyways? Although an affair is never justified, it’s easy to sympathize with Bill on this one. But, I digress. 
The bigger point here is what the two are willing to do in order to remain in power. Most people know that you can’t trust Hillary as far as you can throw her – which isn’t very far – so the fact that she has any supporters is beyond baffling at this point. This woman is corrupt and fake to the core. Let’s just hope all of America wakes up to this reality before it’s too late and she can do any more damage than she already has.",0
3417,Report: Beach Boys to Play ’Black Tie and Boots’ Inaugural Ball,"California   legends The Beach Boys are set to headline the Texas State Society’s “Black Tie and Boots” inaugural ball on Jan. 19, the Washington Post reports. [“They’re a fun band and people really like them,” said one source reportedly involved with planning the   bash, which will be held at the Gaylord National Resort  Convention Center.  The inaugural party, which peaked in popularity during George W. Bush’s inauguration in 2001, has reportedly already sold nearly 10, 000 tickets. Founding band member Mike Love told the Post in September that he’d be interested in performing for Trump if he won the election. “He’s been a friend for a long time,” said Love, who founded the   band in 1961. “Does that mean I agree with everything he says? No. But . . . if we were asked [to play his inauguration] I’m sure that we would. ” The “Black Tie and Boots,” for which the price to party ranges from $275 to $5, 000, is “the hottest ticket in town for inauguration,” an individual close to preparation told the Post. Other performers include Bonnie Bishop, Jason Eady, Jason Boland, Kevin Fowler, Larry Gatlin, Gary P. Nunn, Kenny Maines, Dean Dillon, and the Texas Jam Band, and Tanya Tucker, the Post noted. Lone Star State politicos expected to attend are Texas Governor Greg Abbott, former Texas   Trump pick for energy secretary Rick Perry, and former Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson, Trump’s secretary of state nominee.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson",0
3418,"Syrian, Feared to Be Planning Bombing, Is Arrested in Germany - The New York Times","BERLIN  —   The German police arrested a Syrian man early Monday who was suspected of plotting a bombing, bringing an end to a weekend manhunt that renewed fears about a threat posed by extremists among the nearly one million refugees and migrants who arrived in Germany last year. Federal prosecutors said the suspect, Jaber   22, was believed to be planning “ an   explosive attack in Germany. ” Security officials in the eastern state of Saxony said they had found about three pounds of explosive materials in Mr. Bakr’s apartment, including the same substances as those used in Islamic State attacks in Europe. Jörg Michaelis, head of the state police in Saxony, said that Mr. Bakr had been arrested in Leipzig, in the apartment of other Syrians who had recognized the man from photographs circulated by the authorities over the weekend. The Syrians tied up the suspect and took a photograph of him with a cellphone, which one of them took to a nearby police station, before urging officers to come and arrest him immediately. “Our colleagues with the Leipzig police were able to seize him because his fellow Syrians had already bound and detained him,” Mr. Michaelis said. He declined to provide additional details about the Syrian who led them to Mr. Bakr, citing concerns about his safety. Mr. Bakr, who arrived in Germany in February 2015 and was granted refugee status five months later, had been under surveillance by German security officials for months. A commando unit stormed an apartment on Friday in Chemnitz, about an hour south of Leipzig, where he had been living. In addition, the police found materials that they believe to be TAPT, the same explosive used in terrorist attacks by Islamic State militants in Brussels and Paris last year, Mr. Michaelis said. Thomas de Maizière, Germany’s interior minister, praised the police for arresting the suspect but reminded Germans that the case was further evidence that their country remained in the sights of Islamist terrorists. “The investigation shows that actions as we have seen in France and Belgium cannot be ruled out in Germany,” Mr. de Maizière said. There was no indication of a specific target for the attack, but the authorities searched for two days to find Mr. Bakr, who had slipped away from the state police and special antiterrorism units that raided his apartment after receiving information from the federal authorities. “We are exhausted, but elated: terror suspect Albakr was arrested overnight in Leipzig,” the Saxony police said on Twitter in announcing the arrest. A second suspect, identified by federal prosecutors only as Khalil A. 33, was arrested Sunday and ordered by a judge to be held on suspicion of accessory to plotting an attack. He is suspected of renting the Chemnitz apartment where Mr. Bakr was living and ordering materials for him online. Mr. Bakr was to be brought before a judge on Monday, Mr. Michaelis said. The developments will heighten concern about the extent to which Islamist extremists have exploited Chancellor Angela Merkel’s decision last year to allow asylum seekers to enter the country without more thorough screening. Ms. Merkel, who was traveling in Africa, thanked the Syrians who had detained Mr. Bakr and handed him over to police, her spokeswoman, Ulrike Demmer, said. In July, two men who had arrived as refugees carried out attacks in the southern state of Bavaria, one with an ax and the other with a bomb in a backpack. Those attacks, which wounded 17 people and left the two perpetrators dead, contributed to a growing pushback in Germany toward the refugees, who had arrived to a warm welcome. As the authorities searched for Mr. Bakr over the weekend, they made public a picture of him wearing a black hooded sweatshirt and urged anyone with information on his whereabouts to come forward. The police in Saxony made the appeal in Arabic and English. The authorities were already on heightened alert over the possible threat posed by extremists who may have entered Germany among the 890, 000 people  —   most from Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria  —   who came in 2015 in the hopes of getting asylum. Saxony is home to the   movement known as Pegida  —   the German acronym for Patriotic Europeans Against Islamization of the West  —   and has been the site of some of the most virulent attacks on refugees.",0
3419,"Comment on These Lifestyle Choices Lower Your Breast Cancer Risk, Even If You’re Genetically Predisposed To It by These Lifestyle Choices Lower Your Breast Cancer Risk, Even If You Are Genetically Predisposed To It - Everything you can imagine is real","Share on Facebook Share on Twitter According to a large new study , women who carry common gene variants that are linked to breast cancer can still reduce their risk of developing this disease by following a healthy lifestyle. The discovery marks a noticeable and important shift in the cancer conversation, offering hope for anyone who believes getting cancer is inevitable and also outlining the choices necessary to avoid it. advertisement - learn more Researchers found that even women who had a relatively high genetic risk for cancer could dramatically lower that risk based on their lifestyle choices. According to senior researcher Nilanjan Chatterjee, a professor at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore, “Those genetic risks are not set in stone.” We can’t keep overlooking this essential aspect of cancer prevention. Key Lifestyle Factors To Avoid According to the study , there are four main lifestyle factors at play: maintaining a healthy weight, not smoking, limiting alcohol, and not taking hormone therapy after menopause. The researchers estimate that if all white American women followed those four guidelines, approximately 30% of breast cancer cases could be avoided entirely. Of that 30%, the vast majority would be women whose family history and genes make them more susceptible to the disease. This study did not include women who carry the BRCA gene mutations, which significantly increase the risk of developing breast and ovarian cancers. Instead they focused on 92 gene variants that, individually, only make a small difference in a woman’s risk of developing breast cancer; collectively, they can add up to substantial risk, and they are much more common than the rare BCRA mutations. advertisement - learn more But, for the women who do have the BCRA mutation, how much does lifestyle affect their chances of developing cancer? “Lifestyle factors may be even more important for women at higher genetic risk than for those at low genetic risk,” Chatterjee said . The findings for the study, which were published online May 26 th in JAMA Oncology , were based on the records from over 40,000 women tested for 24 gene variants which were previously linked to increased risk of breast cancer. Chatterjee and his team created a model for predicting a woman’s risk of breast cancer using the genetic information provided and then assessing a few other factors, such as family history of breast cancer, the age menstruation started, and lifestyle. The researchers then added another component and estimated the effects of 68 other gene variations that the women weren’t tested for. According to the study, overall the average 30-year-old white woman has an 11% chance of developing breast cancer by the time she reaches 80 years old. That may seem relatively low, but breast cancer is only one of many potential cancers we may develop in our lifetime. And while the odds are steeper for those women whose genes and other factors out of their control place them at higher risk, according to Chatterjee, lifestyle choices still make the biggest difference for them. Your Inbox Will Never Be The Same Inspiration and all our best content, straight to your inbox. The study also suggests that even the women with the highest risks could bring their breast cancer odds down to average if they follow the four golden rules outlined above. William Dupont, a professor at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine in Nashville, Tennessee, concludes , “The bottom line is, this study provides evidence that, on a population level, a certain number of breast cancer cases would be prevented if women did these things.” “I don’t think women should take this to mean that they have to go ‘cold turkey’ after menopause,” he adds. He also stressed that the model created by the study’s researchers does have limitations, so it should not be used to predict any woman’s risk of developing breast cancer. If you’re wondering about the risk for non-white women, Chatterjee says the same general patterns would most likely apply to them as well. Of course, these 4 lifestyle tips are important for anyone to follow, not just those who are at risk for developing breast cancer. Other Factors That Can Lower Breast Cancer Risk Interestingly the study didn’t factor diet into this equation, despite the abundant evidence showing how diet can directly affect our chances of developing cancer and other diseases. Avoiding certain chemicals such as parabens and BPA is also important. Watch out for many personal care products, as they are often loaded with parabens. Specifically, women’s antiperspirant should be avoided, as it generally contains parabens and aluminum and prevents the natural detoxification process of the lymph nodes around the breast area via sweat. Avoid anti-perspirant if you can and switch to natural, paraben- and aluminum-free deodorant. For a simple armpit detox that can help prevent breast cancer, click here . Much Love 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
3420,Huffington Post Continues Campaigning for Hillary Clinton | OffGuardian,"written by Admin Eric Zuesse 
See this screen-shot taken at 1:30 in the afternoon on November 9th, after Trump’s win. They pretend Trump’s win is a victory for bigots, instead of a defeat for the aristocracy (‘Wall Street’, ‘The Establishment’, or America’s billionaires and their agents such as lobbyists and the leading politicians). 
However, a close look at the evidence shows Huffington Post to be wrong: Trump’s win was overwhelmingly driven by Americans’ repudiation of the aristocracy itself (such as, for example, repudiation of the Institute that runs Huffington Post’s neoconservative international edition, World Post , the Berggruen Institute (including Eric Schmidt , Lawrence Summers , Fareed Zakaria , Arianna Huffington, Nicholas Berggruen , Ernesto Zedillo , Carl Bildt, Niall Ferguson, and Joseph Nye, all being proponents of Obama’s building war against Russia — such as: “To confront Putin, Europe will have to make changes that will be deeply controversial on a continent long committed to environmentalism and marked by an aversion to the use of force”). And, as far as global warming is concerned, which is a real problem about Trump, it’s also very much and demonstrably — not merely in words — a real problem about Hillary too (and one that back in July 2015 before the Party nominees had been chosen, even was courageously reported by some of HuffPo’s own reporters ), but HuffPo and other Democratic Party propagandists pretend there’s reason to believe that Trump’s actions would be even worse than hers have been, and HuffPo’s readers thus end up being little else than Democratic Party suckers who feel satisfied in their ‘news’ reading to soak up what is almost entirely Democratic Party propaganda, which means the propaganda emanating out of the White House whenever a Democrat resides there — sort of like a Democratic Party version of the Republican Party’s Fox ‘News’. 
The aristocracy (all of it, both its Republican and its Democratic Party branches) continue their campaign, and expect to crush their opposition — the public (of all parties). And that’s what a close look at the evidence shows explains Trump’s win — not bigotry on the part of the American public. Bigotry is a huge problem in every society, but especially amongst the aristocracy, who love to pretend that it’s mainly a problem ‘down below’ — so that they can continue to exploit the public while claiming to be superior to it. That’s the Big Lie, which Obama and the Clintons — and Huffington Post — promote and get paid very well to promote. 
Their campaign never ends. Only the personnel do. ",0
3421,Doomed Jet Carrying Brazilian Team Reportedly Ran Out of Fuel - The New York Times,"The pilot of a plane that crashed late Monday while flying members of a Brazilian soccer team to a competition in Colombia pleaded to make an immediate landing because the aircraft was out of fuel, according to a recording leaked to Colombian news outlets on Wednesday. The audio, first posted by W Radio of Colombia, offers a grim narration of the final moments of the doomed flight, which carried 77 people, including the members of the Chapecoense soccer team from Chapecó, Brazil. And it added a new twist to the investigation of what might have caused the crash, originally thought to be electrical failure. “We ask for permission to approach, we have a fuel problem,” cried a voice that the radio station identified as the pilot. He later says that the plane had a “fuel emergency. ” During the   recording, the pilot also says that the plane had experienced “total electrical failure” and repeatedly requests flight vectors, indications from the air traffic controller, on how to land. The controller tries to help but mentions other obstacles like another plane flying close by and fuel on the runway left from yet another aircraft. “Nine thousand feet,” yells the pilot. “Vectors! Vectors!” Shortly afterward, the plane crashed. A spokesman from Colombia’s aviation agency said it could not confirm the authenticity of the recording. But he added that the agency was investigating whether the plane, which was operated by a Bolivian charter company called LaMia, did run out of fuel. According to specifications from the plane’s manufacturer, BAE Systems, the Avro RJ85 jet has a range of about 1, 600 nautical miles, close to the distance of the flight from Santa Cruz, Bolivia, to Medellín, Colombia. Jetliners, however, rarely travel in straight lines to their destination, but rather along more indirect routes determined by their flight plan. W Radio offered no details as to who provided the recording. Similar recordings, also said to be from the cockpit, were played on other Colombian radio stations on Wednesday. Aviation experts also say it was unsafe to fly a plane without at least 30 minutes of fuel reserves, among other precautions. The theory that the plane crashed without fuel was supported by rescue workers on the ground on Tuesday, who were surprised to see that there had been no explosion. The main damage to the plane appeared to be from the impact, which caused the fuselage, engines and tail to be torn apart, they said. The American National Transportation Safety Board said that it would assist in the investigation. The flight marked a tragic end to the rise of Chapecoense, which had come up the ranks from a scrappy industrial city in Brazil to become one of the country’s hottest teams. The team was on its way for what would have been its biggest test yet, the finals of the Copa Sudamericana, one of South America’s most important tournaments. At least 21 journalists were reported to be on the flight, too, including reporters from Fox Latin America and the Globo television network of Brazil. Six survivors were pulled from the wreckage, including three players, two crew members and a journalist. There was no immediate response to an email to LaMia. The company’s website had been taken down, and its telephone had been disconnected on Wednesday. Dr. Ana González, the medical director at Clínica Somer, the hospital outside Medellín where three of the survivors were being treated, said two of them, both members of the crew, were in stable condition. Alan Ruschel, a defender for Chapecoense, was in critical condition, she added. Mr. Ruschel spent time before the flight posting selfies on social media networks with his teammates. “Alan is the patient with the most serious injuries,” Dr. González said. “It is too soon to tell if he will be able to walk again, but we hope that in the future he will. ”",0
3422,TRUNEWS 10/26/16 Jeremy Wiles | Sing A Little Louder,"TRUNEWS 10/26/16 Jeremy Wiles |   October 26, 2016 Will Deutsche Bank’s derivatives be the spark which ignites the Western financial system? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles raises the alarm about Germany’s biggest bank bracing for a potentially catastrophic earnings report Thursday, and NATO redeploying forces to Russia’s doorstep. Rick also speaks with Jeremy Wiles, the CEO of KingdomWorks Studios, about his harrowing new film “ ”, which details the apathy German Christians displayed toward the Holocaust during World War 2, and the warning American evangelicals MUST heed everyday while the lives of the unborn are slaughtered domestically. 
Today’s Audio Streamcast. Click the audio bar to listen: <span itemprop=""name"" content=""TRUNEWS 10/26/16 Jeremy Wiles |  ""></span> <span itemprop=""description"" content=""""></span> <span itemprop=""duration"" content=""4490""></span> <span itemprop=""thumbnail"" content=""http://static.panda-os.com/p/1305/sp/130500/thumbnail/entry_id/0_jgdktlmn/version/1 /acv/62""></span> <span itemprop=""width"" content=""350""></span> <span itemprop=""height"" content=""25""></span> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/products/video-platform-features"">Video Platform</a> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Management"">Video Management</a> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/Video-Solutions"">Video Solutions</a> <a href=""http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Player"">Video Player</a> 
Right-click to download today’s show to your local device in mp3 format: Streamcast MP3 
Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play !   How To Listen To TRUNEWS 
Here on our show pages, there are two ways to listen to TRUNEWS. The first is to use the embedded player on the page. It is the black bar that you see above. Just click the arrow on the player for today’s broadcast. If you prefer to save the program to listen to it later on your PC or mobile device, just click the ‘DOWNLOAD MP3’ link above to archive that particular streamcast. Streamcast Archives",0
3423,Dennis Kucinich’s Extraordinary Warning on D.C.’s Think Tank Warmongers,"Thursday Oct 27, 2016 
WAR is a racket. It always has been. 
It is possibly the oldest, easily the most profitable, surely the most vicious. It is the only one international in scope. It is the only one in which the profits are reckoned in dollars and the losses in lives. 
A racket is best described, I believe, as something that is not what it seems to the majority of the people. Only a small “inside” group knows what it is about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few, at the expense of the very many. Out of war a few people make huge fortunes. 
– From Major General Smedley Butler’s War is a Rackett 
Former Congressman Dennis Kucinich has just penned an extremely powerful warning about the warmongers in Washington D.C. Who funds them, what their motives are, and why it is imperative for the American people to stop them. 
The piece was published at The Nation and is titled: Why Is the Foreign Policy Establishment Spoiling for More War? Look at Their Donors . 
Read it and share it with everyone you know. 
W ashington, DC, may be the only place in the world where people openly flaunt their pseudo-intellectuality by banding together, declaring themselves “think tanks,” and raising money from external interests, including foreign governments, to compile reports that advance policies inimical to the real-life concerns of the American people. 
As a former member of the House of Representatives, I remember 16 years of congressional hearings where pedigreed experts came to advocate wars in testimony based on circular, rococo thinking devoid of depth, reality, and truth. I remember other hearings where the Pentagon was unable to reconcile over $1 trillion in accounts, lost track of $12 billion in cash sent to Iraq, and rigged a missile-defense test so that an interceptor could easily home in on a target. War is first and foremost a profitable racket. 
How else to explain that in the past 15 years this city’s so called bipartisan foreign policy elite has promoted wars in Iraq and Libya, and interventions in Syria and Yemen, which have opened Pandora’s box to a trusting world, to the tune of trillions of dollars, a windfall for military contractors. DC’s think “tanks” should rightly be included in the taxonomy of armored war vehicles and not as gathering places for refugees from academia. 
According to the front page of this past Friday’s Washington Post, the bipartisan foreign-policy elite recommends the next president show less restraint than President Obama. Acting at the urging of “liberal” hawks brandishing humanitarian intervention, read war, the Obama administration attacked Libya along with allied powers working through NATO. 
Indeed, I warned about this in last week’s piece: U.S. Foreign Policy ‘Elite’ Eagerly Await an Expansion of Overseas Wars Under Hillary Clinton . 
The think tankers fell in line with the Iraq invasion. Not being in the tank, I did my own analysis of the call for war in October of 2002, based on readily accessible information, and easily concluded that there was no justification for war. I distributed it widely in Congress and led 125 Democrats in voting against the Iraq war resolution. There was no money to be made from a conclusion that war was uncalled for, so, against millions protesting in the United States and worldwide, our government launched into an abyss, with a lot of armchair generals waving combat pennants. The marching band and chowder society of DC think tanks learned nothing from the Iraq and Libya experience. 
The only winners were arms dealers, oil companies, and jihadists. Immediately after the fall of Libya, the black flag of Al Qaeda was raised over a municipal building in Benghazi, Gadhafi’s murder was soon to follow, with Secretary Clinton quipping with a laugh, “We came, we saw, he died.” President Obama apparently learned from this misadventure, but not the Washington policy establishment, which is spoiling for more war. 
The self-identified liberal Center for American Progress (CAP) is now calling for Syria to be bombed, and estimates America’s current military adventures will be tidied up by 2025, a tardy twist on “mission accomplished.” CAP, according to a report in The Nation, has received funding from war contractors Lockheed Martin and Boeing, who make the bombers that CAP wants to rain hellfire on Syria. 
The Brookings Institute has taken tens of millions from foreign governments , notably Qatar, a key player in the military campaign to oust Assad. Retired four-star Marine general John Allen is now a Brookings senior fellow . Charles Lister is a senior fellow at the Middle East Institute , which has received funding from Saudi Arabia , the major financial force providing billions in arms to upend Assad and install a Sunni caliphate stretching across Iraq and Syria. Foreign-government money is driving our foreign policy. 
As the drumbeat for an expanded war gets louder, Allen and Lister jointly signed an op-ed in the Sunday Washington Post, calling for an attack on Syria. The Brookings Institute, in a report to Congress , admitted it received $250,000 from the US Central Command, Centcom, where General Allen shared leadership duties with General David Petraeus. Pentagon money to think tanks that endorse war? This is academic integrity, DC-style. 
And why is Central Command, as well as the Food and Drug Administration, the US Department of transportation, and the US Department of Health and Human Services giving money to Brookings? 
Former secretary of state Madeleine Albright, who famously told Colin Powell , “What’s the point of having this superb military you’re always talking about if we can’t use it,” predictably says of this current moment , “We do think there needs to be more American action.” A former Bush administration top adviser is also calling for the United States to launch a cruise missile attack on Syria. 
The American people are fed up with war, but a concerted effort is being made through fearmongering, propaganda, and lies to prepare our country for a dangerous confrontation, with Russia in Syria. 
The demonization of Russia is a calculated plan to resurrect a raison d’être for stone-cold warriors trying to escape from the dustbin of history by evoking the specter of Russian world domination. 
It’s infectious. Earlier this year the BBC broadcast a fictional show that contemplated WWIII, beginning with a Russian invasion of Latvia (where 26 percent of the population is ethnic Russian and 34 percent of Latvians speak Russian at home). 
The imaginary WWIII scenario conjures Russia’s targeting London for a nuclear strike. No wonder that by the summer of 2016 a poll showed two-thirds of UK citizens approved the new British PM’s launching a nuclear strike in retaliation. So much for learning the lessons detailed in the Chilcot report. 
As this year’s presidential election comes to a conclusion, the Washington ideologues are regurgitating the same bipartisan consensus that has kept America at war since 9/11 and made the world a decidedly more dangerous place. 
The DC think tanks provide cover for the political establishment, a political safety net, with a fictive analytical framework providing a moral rationale for intervention, capitol casuistry. I’m fed up with the DC policy elite who cash in on war while presenting themselves as experts, at the cost of other people’s lives, our national fortune, and the sacred honor of our country. 
Any report advocating war that comes from any alleged think tank ought to be accompanied by a list of the think tank’s sponsors and donors and a statement of the lobbying connections of the report’s authors. 
It is our patriotic duty to expose why the DC foreign-policy establishment and its sponsors have not learned from their failures and instead are repeating them, with the acquiescence of the political class and sleepwalkers with press passes. 
It is also time for a new peace movement in America, one that includes progressives and libertarians alike, both in and out of Congress, to organize on campuses, in cities, and towns across America, to serve as an effective counterbalance to the Demuplican war party, its think tanks, and its media cheerleaders. The work begins now, not after the Inauguration. We must not accept war as inevitable, and those leaders who would lead us in that direction, whether in Congress or the White House, must face visible opposition. 
Thank you Mr. Kucinich, I couldn’t agree more. 
For related articles, see:",0
3424,Girl Soldiers: Forgotten Casualties of War,"Share This 
As secretary of State, Hillary Clinton was visibly shaken by sexual crimes against women and girls when she visited the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) in 2009. Sexual crimes in this central African country, known as the “rape capital of the world,” include the sexual exploitation of tens of thousands of girls abducted and trapped as child soldiers. Nonetheless, since 2010, President Obama has waived a congressionally mandated ban on military aid to countries known to exploit child soldiers, among them the DRC. 
The DRC’s eastern region is exceedingly rich in rare minerals and exceedingly rife with decades of brutal war over those minerals. This country and three others – Nigeria, Somalia and South Sudan – each of which exploits thousands of child soldiers, will receive more than $161 million in U.S. military aid in fiscal year 2016. 
The Child Soldier Prevention Act of 2008 bans the US government from providing military resources and aid to countries that use soldiers younger than 18; it allows a presidential waiver in cases of “national interest,” however. But what possible “national interest” can override the lives of tens of thousands of children shattered in the worst of childhood nightmares – lives of being forced to torture, kill and rape, and in the case of girls, lives of being serially raped and impregnated? 
The Reality 
At any given time, about 300,000 children between the ages of 8 and 18 are exploited as child soldiers in scores of civil and international conflicts in Africa, Asia and Colombia. In Sierra Leone’s civil war (1991-2001), 80 percent of fighters were between 7 and 15 years old; in Liberia’s conflict (1989-2003), up to 70 percent of government and rebel troops were children. Forty percent of soldiers slain in Colombia were children; the Lord’s Resistance Army in Uganda is mainly composed of children. They are abducted from agricultural fields, or taken en route to school or market, or when their village is attacked. Others join for reasons of extreme poverty and hunger; fleeing family abuse; revenge for enemy brutality upon their family; being drawn to a popular cause; and, in the case of some boys, as a way to garner respect from male elders. In-depth investigators of child soldiers conclude , “… never before in the history of warfare have children been so exploited on such a vast scale.” 
What most people do not realize is how many child soldiers are girls – an estimated 40 percent, who are exploited, like boy soldiers, as servants, cooks, porters, spies, human shields, suicide bombers and fighters. In Sri Lanka, more than 43 percent of 50,000 children in armed groups were girls, a finding determined during peace talks between warring parties and UNICEF and documented by journalist Jimmie Briggs . Deepening their trauma, girls are taken into sexual slavery by boy soldiers, adult soldiers and commanders and, in some cases, sold in exchange for weapons. Given the popular image of boys as child soldiers, hundreds of thousands of girls constitute an invisible army and “forgotten casualties of war” in the rehabilitation process following the cessation of armed conflict. 
Armed groups target children for wars because children – and particularly girls, because of sex discrimination – are obedient, vulnerable and malleable. Children can be more easily indoctrinated into being the next generation of armed rebels and terrorists. Child soldiers are cheap because they are unpaid and eat less than adults; and they provide functions such as cooking, cleaning and portering, thus freeing up adult soldiers for more rigorous fighting. With the prevalence of light but deadly weapons, both girls and boys are trained for combat. In a 2002 survey, nearly half the interviewed girls in armed groups described their primary role as “fighter.” 
Despite their utility as fighters and servants, girl soldiers are raped, prostituted, mutilated, infected with sexually transmitted diseases including HIV/AIDS, and made pregnant by soldiers. Many are permanently injured and will suffer lifelong pain as a result of multiple rapes and untreated infections. Returning to their villages and homes, numerous girls have reported that they are rejected as filthy and immoral, and they are blamed for disgracing family and community honor. Even more shunned are girls who return pregnant or with children born of rape. Losing family and social support, they are compelled to turn to prostitution or stay with an abusive ex-soldier “husband” in order to raise their child and survive. 
Moreover, even after commitments to release child soldiers, armed groups often refuse to give up girls, holding them captive as “wives.” Thus, the full cycle of misogyny entraps girls: ruthlessly violated as child soldiers, ostracized when returning home and often not released in the “peace” process. 
Fifteen-year-old Grace Akallo was abducted in 1996 with 29 other high school girls from her boarding school dormitory at St. Mary’s College Kisubi in northern Uganda by warlord Joseph Kony and rebel soldiers of the Lord’s Resistance Army. Physically, the girls were pushed to the point of death, walking barefoot, given little food and water and beaten with sticks and the butts of rifles. And spiritually, they were driven to the point of death, forced to torture and kill other children – sometimes a sibling – in a seasoning process designed to dehumanize them, extinguish their consciences and break their wills. Kony forced the girls to train with AK-47s. He also distributed them among his commanders as “wives.” They were expected to fight even with babies strapped to their backs. 
Akallo was given to a man “older than her father,” who on first encounter seized her and raped her. “I felt like a thorn was in my skin as my innocence was destroyed,” she wrote of his sexual violence. In her community, the stigma of rape is so extreme that ex-girl soldiers will admit to murder before they will admit to having been raped. 
In contrast to the outcast plight of girl soldiers, many boy soldiers earn a manly status in their communities. Leymah Gbowee, the Liberian Nobel Peace Prize laureate, works with ex-child soldiers from Charles Taylor’s army during Liberia’s civil war. Joseph, a boy she counseled, explained that he became a child soldier because “boys who joined the rebellion came back and were really respected and were often seen in the company of the elders and community leaders.” 
Gbowee is convinced that the nexus between violence, weapons and manhood is responsible for drawing many former boy soldiers into the brutal, macho cycle of war. Many of the girls she assisted were “child wives” of the ex-soldiers and had been abducted, raped and beaten into submission. With no exit , each girl was “caught up in a spiral of one individual trying to prove his maleness. … The abuse women suffer during conflict is a reflection of the interaction between men and women, boys and girls, during peace time.” 
Compounding the excruciating burdens of girl soldiers is the failure of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programs of the United Nations and international nongovernmental organizations – programs intended to help former child soldiers with education, job skills and fitting back into society. Save the Children’s 2005 report, “Forgotten Casualties of War: Girls in Armed Conflict,” concludes that girls are caught between “recrimination from the armed group if they leave and from the community if they return home” and are invisible in the reintegration programs. The misogyny and neglect on all sides has sent many of them into prostitution for survival or resulted in their suicides. Former girl soldiers are more than twice as likely to commit suicide as their male counterparts. 
The Fiction 
For an exercise in unreality and moral depravity, Google images of “girl soldiers.” You will find a garbage heap of pornographic pictures: cartoons of large-breasted women with big thighs and some muscles, barely clothed, wielding a gun in each hand, looking like (so-called) “happy hookers” costumed for Armed Services Day. Sprinkled among these are photos of young female soldiers, hanging out passively, like decorations, among male soldiers. Of the first 200 images I perused, a handful portrayed real girl soldiers – serious beyond years with sad-to-death eyes. Yet even these photos lacked the gruesome reality of the tens of thousands of girls entrapped in armies and militias. 
For contrast, Google images of “child soldiers.” Ninety-five percent of these images are boys. All are realistic war photos: children carrying, aiming and shooting weapons sometimes taller than they are; roaming streets in search of prey; poised to kill, faces deadly serious, some hardened, some older than their years, others still bearing traces of their stolen childhood. No airbrushed or pornographic reality on this site. Only a crucial omission: Real girl soldiers – who constitute up to 40 percent of child soldiers and suffer the most vile sexual violation and rejection – are missing . 
We in the United States need a national floodlight on the issue of child soldiers. Employing children, by whatever means, in armed conflict is an crime against humanity recognized by the International Criminal Court. Forty percent of funding available for the rehabilitation of child soldiers should be dedicated to the reintegration of girls within their communities. Leaders who use child soldiers should be prosecuted and indicted. We need to research countries that traffic in arms and whose businesses invest in or conduct trade with countries that use child soldiers. And violators should be publicized, stigmatized and boycotted. 
We need to frame and shame the hypocrisy of passing a law to protect children caught in conflict and then violating it for that morbid excuse of “national security” – a coverall for American militarism, xenophobia, torture, erasure of civil rights and sexual exploitation. Otherwise, political statements that women’s rights are human rights are a sham. 
Pat Hynes, a retired professor of environmental health from Boston University, directs the Traprock Center for Peace and Justice in western Massachusetts. She writes and speaks on issues of feminism, climate justice, U.S. militarism and peace.",0
3425,Tribune Plays Coy as Gannett Makes a Bid - The New York Times,"A recent history of mistakes,   and management blunders is woven into the fabric of Tribune Publishing, the struggling publisher of The Los Angeles Times and The Chicago Tribune. Now, the company may be about to add to the list. On Monday, Gannett, publisher of USA Today, disclosed an   $815 million bid for what is left of the Tribune publishing empire. But instead of Tribune’s board popping Champagne corks and shouting Hallelujah, it told Gannett, astonishingly, in effect: “Wait. We’re not sure we want to do that and, actually, we’re not sure we even want to talk to you about it. ” Two weeks ago and behind the scenes, Gannett made its bid, valued at $12. 25 a share, known to Tribune’s board in the form of a private letter. That’s 63 percent higher than Friday’s share price. At most public companies that at least pretend to think about their shareholders, a firm that gets an unsolicited offer hires bankers relatively quickly to sort out its options. And perhaps it engages in a bit of    with the suitor in hopes of feeling them out and maybe getting an even higher bid. Not Tribune. Its board sat on the offer for nearly 10 days without retaining outside advisers. Then, Tribune wrote Gannett a letter saying it was still working on hiring outside advisers, but is “in the midst of significant transformation,” and pointed out that the company will “undergo some change” after June 2, almost six weeks from now. While Tribune said it would “evaluate” the bid, the clear takeaway was that it wanted more time. You might ask, what’s magical about June 2? That is the day of Tribune’s annual meeting. More important, it is the day that two of Tribune’s board members step down. When that happens, Michael Ferro, an entrepreneur with next to no media experience who invested in the company earlier this year and became the company’s nonexecutive chairman, will have effectively mounted a coup of the board. Here’s how he did it. In February, Mr. Ferro’s company invested $44. 4 million in Tribune. In exchange, Mr. Ferro was given a seat on the board, bringing the board to seven people. Mr. Ferro then persuaded the board to fire Tribune’s chief executive, Jack Griffin, a media veteran, who was also a director. Mr. Ferro replaced him with Justin Dearborn, a former health care technology executive with zero experience in media. So, between him and Mr. Dearborn, he now controlled two seats on the board. He then pressed the board to expand to 10 people and added three people friendly to him  —   all, again, with no meaningful background in journalism. They are Carol Crenshaw, chief financial officer of the Chicago Community Trust Richard A. Reck, founder and president of Business Strategy Advisors and Donald Tang, a former banker who now runs a boutique focused on United   media deals. So now he has five friendly directors on a   board. But after June 2, when two previous directors step down, he will have a majority  —   five of eight. Tribune will tell you these directors are all independent. That’s true only insofar as they are not executives working at the company. But they are certainly insiders relative to Mr. Ferro. If Mr. Ferro, who said this year, “I wouldn’t sell for $50 a share,” according to Ken Doctor on NiemanLab, can get past June 2 without a deal, he will probably have the leeway to fully direct the process. He could choose to negotiate or perhaps he could stonewall. He could even try to take the company private himself. Who knows? Whatever the case, the idea that Tribune’s board has allowed this sort of behavior to take place is alarming. Given that Tribune Publishing was just spun off from Tribune Media and itself was a product of bankruptcy thanks to Sam Zell’s mismanagement of the company, it’s hard to argue that this company deserves the benefit of the doubt. Lance Vitanza, a media analyst at CRT, put it best. “Tribune Publishing has little history operating as an independent public company and may be unable to reach earnings targets,” he wrote in a note to investors. “Recent management upheaval creates numerous risks with respect to strategy and execution going forward. ” If you’re thinking to yourself, well, Tribune is a journalism company and simply selling to the highest bidder shouldn’t be the only consideration, you’re right. Tribune shouldn’t consider only dollars and cents. In this case, Gannett is offering Tribune a lifeline with potential to create a modicum of stability. It is hard to believe that Gannett’s offer is its last, or best. A company that is willing to go public with a bid is usually willing to bid more. Of course, there’s a chance that Tribune is engaging in an inscrutable courtship dance that will land a higher price. We’ll only know if Tribune first picks up the phone.",0
3426,Yakutia residents slaughter animals because of snow disaster,"Yakutia residents slaughter animals because of snow disaster 02.11.2016 | Source: Pravda.Ru A heavy snowfall in northern Yakutia set a record of thirty years with five times monthly precipitation norm. Local residents were forced to slaughter horses due to difficulties with the organization of winter camps for cattle. According to Ykt.ru, communication between the regional center and villages was interrupted because of snowy weather. Yakutia's Minister for Agriculture Peter Alekseyev recommended district authorities should search for suitable pastures for horses and observe emaciated animals. The works to clear roads of snow to reach forage locations have already begun.Horses are unable to feed themselves because of deep snow . The locals had to slaughter young horses because of negative weather conditions. According to Yakutsk.Ru, snow has covered houses up to the roof; classes at schools and kindergartens have been canceled. In the south-west of the republic, gusts of wind reach up to 10-15 meters per second. Pravda.Ru Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru",0
3427,Did Hillary Clinton Cheat at the Debate?,"Daisy Luther 
I know the debate was a couple of weeks ago, but I just came across this video that certainly makes a good case for the fact that someone may have been feeding her answers, statistics, and information. If she can’t even ad lib a televised debate against Donald Trump, how are negotiations with foreign powers going to go when someone takes away her tablet or other telepromptish device? 
Not only did Trump win the last debate , he won it without reading the answers and information that someone else was feeding him. 
Really, with Hillary Clinton, is there any type of dishonesty that seems too far-fetched? 
See for yourself and let me know in the comments what you think.",0
3428,Nazis sick and tired of being tarnished with same brush as ‘Alt-Right’,"Tuesday 22 November 2016 Nazis sick and tired of being tarnished with same brush as ‘Alt-Right’ 
Nazis have hit out at press coverage which has led to many of their members being labelled as ‘Alt-right’. 
Nazi, Simon Williams, told us, “We have worked for many years to cultivate a certain image, so please stop tarnishing us with this name ‘Alt-Right’. 
“The Alt-right has significant negative connotations for us Nazis, not about the white supremacy thing, obviously, but you know, about being lonely boys, virgins, angry about the Ghostbuster remake – that sort of thing. We are not that. At all. 
“I am a Nazi and I’ve done with it loads of women, yes I have, and anyone who says different is lying.” 
Self-confessed Alt-Right member Tristan Matthews told us, “I’m not a Nazi, I just think white people are persecuted, women shouldn’t get paid the same as men, foreigners are evil and that I should be allowed to go around saying horrific things to anyone I like online – well, when my parents let me use the iPad, anyway. 
“If that makes me a Nazi, then so be it.” 
However, Williams added, “No it bloody doesn’t, stop making us look like twats!” Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",0
3429,"Authorities Evacuate Almost 5,600 Migrants From Calais Camp","Major Migrant Crisis in Europe ( 1778 ) 0 8 0 0 French authorities have evacuated almost 5,600 people after they began to dismantle the refugee camp in the city of Calais in northern France, the country's Interior Ministry said on Wednesday. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Since 2015, Calais has been the home to a large migrant camp – the so-called Jungle – notorious for its horrible living conditions. Thousands of migrants from the Middle East and North Africa have arrived to the Jungle , located not far from the Channel Tunnel, in hopes of reaching the United Kingdom. © Sputnik/ Irina Kalashnikova Closure of Calais Refugee Camp Shows Need for Greater European Cooperation 
""In total, 5,596 people have been given shelter since the beginning of the dismantlement,"" the Interior Ministry said in a statement. 
On Monday, French authorities began dismantling the Calais camp, relocating its inhabitants to facilities across the country . On Wednesday, Calais prefect Fabienne Buccio said that all migrants had been cleared from the camp. © AP Photo/ Pascal Rossignol A French policeman posts the official document that announces the dismantling of the makeshift camp called the ""Jungle"", as a migrant walks past in Calais, France, October 21, 2016 ...",0
3430,Clinton Promises To Scrap ‘Pointless’ FBI If Elected,"0 Add Comment 
ON the verge of being elected, the first female president of the United States of America, Hillary Clinton admitted her first official act in office would probably be replacing FBI director James Comey or failing that, just scraping the FBI altogether. 
Accused of politicizing his role as the FBI’s director and wilfully manufacturing a scandal that has implicated Clinton in some wrongdoing while failing to specify just what, who or why he is investigating anything, Comey remained defiant. 
“Well, it’s not a bad way to spend your last few days in a job before being fired, ya gotta go out with a bang,” Comey explained. 
Comey remains under fire for reopening an investigation into Hillary Clinton’s much publicised personal email server, while refusing to give any details, just days before the November 8th polling day. 
Clinton’s campaign has asked for the public to be given all relevant information on the investigation so there can be no cynical insinuation of illegality without a shred of proof, however, the candidate herself admitted if elected ‘shit will go down’. 
“More like Federal Bullshit Investigators, am I right?” Clinton shared with a rally of her supporters this morning, “I am not a petty person, but Comey’s desk better be cleared out come November 9th or he’ll suffer a fate more graphic than illicit images sent to minors by idiot politicians who have nothing to fucking do with my campaign,” Clinton added in a calm fashion. 
In a rare moment of candour, Clinton’s rival for president, Donald Trump, gave his support to the Democratic candidate. 
“Shit, maybe my whole crazy bullshit about a shadowy network of people trying to fix elections for one side is actually a real thing,” Trump explained before correcting himself and calling for Clinton’s execution instead.",0
3431,Black Female Attorney Demolishes anti-Trump White TV Anchors,"Black Female Attorney Demolishes anti-Trump White TV Anchors
http://blakpac.com/blog/2016/10/7/black-female-trump-supporter-leaves-news-anchors-speechless 
The post Black Female Attorney Demolishes anti-Trump White TV Anchors appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
3432,Man who had his Twitter access revoked given access to nuclear codes,"Wednesday 9 November 2016 by Spacey Donald Trump could regain access to Twitter account on completion of successful trial with nuclear codes 
Donald Trump, who had his Twitter access revoked by his campaign managers, has successfully secured access to America’s nuclear codes. 
Trump was denied control of his Twitter account in the build-up to the presidential election due to a series of monumentally stupid tweets. 
According to a senior aide, the new president will only regain full control of his Twitter account once he’s proved that he can act responsibly. 
“We’ll give him the nuclear codes, and if he can get through a week without triggering armageddon then we’ll review his Twitter access,” confirmed the senior aide. 
“It’s one thing to bring on the apocalypse, but we can’t risk him reacting to criticism with an ill-judged tweet.” Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",0
3433,Ex-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn Will Invoke the Fifth - Breitbart,"Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn will invoke his Fifth Amendment protection against   on Monday, in a decision not to comply with a subpoena seeking documents, according to a report. [The decision, reported by the Associated Press, comes in response to a subpoena by the Senate Intelligence committee less than two weeks ago, as part of its investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 elections.  Legal experts have said Flynn was unlikely to turn over the personal documents without immunity because he would be waiving some of his constitutional protections by doing so, according to the AP. Flynn previously sought immunity from “unfair prosecution” to cooperate with the committee. His attorneys said in a letter sent to the committee that a daily “escalating frenzy against him,” and the appointment of a special prosecutor for the Justice Department’s investigation have created a legally dangerous environment for him.",0
3434,Graft Fighter in Egypt Finds Himself a Defendant in Court - The New York Times,"CAIRO  —   Egypt’s   czar thought he was just doing his job when he estimated how much endemic graft had cost his country: About $76 billion, he said, mostly in corrupt land deals. But the estimate, it turned out, was itself a criminal offense. The   official, Hisham Geneina, is to stand trial in Cairo on Tuesday, just over two months after he was unceremoniously fired by President Abdel Fattah   as the head of the Central Auditing Authority. He faces a charge of spreading false news and disturbing the peace that carries a potential   jail sentence. Mr. Geneina, who served as a senior judge for 34 years before taking the   post in 2012, said the prosecution is politically motivated and driven by powerful enemies inside Mr. Sisi’s government. “I was expected not to touch certain corruption cases,” he said in an interview. More broadly, critics of the government say his case exemplifies how, under Mr. Sisi, even senior officials are running afoul of an authoritarian crackdown that seems intent on quelling any criticism of the powerful state security apparatus. In the past month alone, the authorities have indicted the head of Egypt’s journalists union and convicted more than 150 people who protested the transfer of two Red Sea Islands to Saudi Arabia. Even the   Parliament has been whipped into line: In May, the speaker threatened to discipline any politician who publicly criticized Egypt’s efforts to defend its sliding currency. “This is an unprecedented way of dealing with corruption and the rule of law,” said Ashraf el Sherif, a politics lecturer at the American University in Cairo. “The message is that nobody in the state, especially key institutions, can be held accountable. ” The prosecution of Mr. Geneina began in March, days after Mr. Sisi dismissed him by presidential decree. It surprised many Egyptians for its speed and the profile of the defendant. Unlike the Islamists, activists and journalists who have been singled out by Mr. Sisi’s government, Mr. Geneina had long been a member of the establishment. Mr. Geneina’s lawyer, Ali Taha, said he had been misquoted by a newspaper, which reported that the $76 billion loss had been incurred in 2015 instead of across three years. Mr. Sisi convened a committee to examine the figure, which concluded that Mr. Geneina had exaggerated the figures. In an interview, Mr. Geneina declined to discuss the details of the report, saying he had been told not to discuss the case. But he said he believed that he was being pursued because he had angered powerful interests  —   officials who became wealthy under former President Hosni Mubarak, and parts of the state security services under Mr. Sisi. “In every position I have held, I underwent security checks,” he said. “If I was so dangerous why didn’t they come after me 40 years ago?” Since then, Mr. Geneina and his family have been subject to a campaign of defamation on   television channels in an effort to discredit him, ranging from accusations that he belonged to the Muslim Brotherhood to suggestions that his wife supported the militant group Hamas because she is of Palestinian origin. “I have lost faith in a lot of things,” Mr. Geneina said. His wife, sitting beside him, spoke of her shock of him being hustled into a van and hauled off to jail. Mr. Sisi made fighting corruption a central policy plank after he came to power in 2013. Yet since then, his government has introduced a “reconciliation” law that has cleared the way for several   figures to have corruption convictions quashed in return for large cash payments. Hussein Salem, a   businessman living in exile in Spain, recently struck an agreement to pay more than $600 million to the Egyptian government to be allowed to return home. Analysts say that Mr. Geneina’s $76 billion comment hit a nerve because it touched on the power of state institutions that Mr. Sisi has sought to placate, even in the face of accusations of graft and brutality, in order to solidify his own power, and in the name of ensuring the country’s stability. Mr. Geneina has been succeeded at the Central Auditing Authority by Hisham Badawy, who worked previously for Egypt’s state security apparatus. The agency has not announced any major new cases, Mr. Sherif noted. “He’s a regime figure,” he said. “It’s more or less the same old wine. ”",0
3435,Only demented imbeciles want a Killary reign of terror,"VIDEOS Only demented imbeciles want a Killary reign of terror Genuine national security cannot be scarified to allow a distrustful and compromised agent of foreign interests to become President By Sartre - November 4, 2016 
The cross section of Hillary Clinton voters is a mixture of walking dead zombies, power hungry influence peddlers, money cartel thieves and establishment diehards willing to start a global confrontation to postpone an inevitable economic collapse. As for the first category; welfare recipients, government bootlickers and mentally deranged utopians survive in a subsistence existence or in a fantasy illusion. The corruption purveyors simply want to maintain their elitist system of institutional inequality. As for the tribe of international finance, their objective always remains the same. Pick the next stooge who can be controlled. Finally, for globalist who are frantic to continue their New World Order of worldwide oppression, the elevation of Hillary Clinton to the position of the mad hatter to achieve the mutual assured destruction that these Illuminati’s masters of the universe require to purge the “Little People” from the planet. 
Any opposition to this band of desperate and deranged desperados is portrayed as racist, xenophobic and defiant of the “Politically Correct” secular humanism culture. Here is the fundamental point of the conflict. The abandonment of the cannons of natural and common law has produced a didactic ineptness that thrusts humanity into a technocratic prison of a meaningless existence. Dante’s Inferno of basic extinction is the ultimate society that a capitulation to the rigged electoral fraud seeks to achieve. 
The bloody record of Killary Clinton earns her an especially prominent place in hell. Take your choice. She may descend into Level 7 , for “The violent, the assasins, the tyrants, and the war-mongers lament their pitiless mischiefs in the river, while centaurs armed with bows and arrows shoot those who try to escape their punishment” or Level 8- the Malebolge where “The magicians, diviners, fortune tellers, and panderers are all here, as are the thieves”. 
Of course this allegory of punishment falls on deaf ears for the Clintonistas . For them this blameless role model for social justice warriors can do no wrong. All the evidence and proof in the world is ignored or dismissed when your patron saint of the occult wears pants suits. 
The reason HRC is better known as Killary has a lot to do with the body count that follows her around. THE CLINTON BODY-COUNT and the ‘CLINTON DEATH LIST’: 33 SPINE-TINGLING CASES lists several of her enemies that dared defy the queen of mean. Now are these suspicious circumstances of such deaths just another right-wing conspiracy to bring down the Arkancide crime syndicate? 
To an objective investigator, engaging into an in-depth probe might just get one added to this long list. But why would a Clinton supporter care, she is the epitome of the liberated woman and placing her on the throne of feminism is far overdue. Accepting, if not savoring a little reign of terror is a small price to pay as long as the body count does not include your own person. 
During the French Revolution the sanguinary women, known as Tricoteuse, who sat and knitted while attending public guillotine executions have more in common with Robespierre than Marie Antoinette. These devotee libbers identified with the symbol of equality, while their crowned head of elitism disdainfully admonish the peasants: “Qu’ils mangent de la brioche”. 
Queen Marie Antoinette may not have really said, “Let them eat cake” but the regnant of the House of Clinton demonstrates throughout her entire life revealed her true sentiments; despise and contempt for the “Little People”. 
The knitting culture of the zombies cult of progressive authoritarianism is at the center of the public psychosis that follows the dictates of Hillary Clinton. Their identity is so caught up in the myth of collectivism that the very spirit of individual liberty is a necessary causality to join the Clinton demon worship. 
Look to the fictional character of Madame Defarge penned in A Tale of Two Cities for a synopsis of all that is wrong with Killary and her followers. Charles Dickens presents this viewpoint of the quintessential monster. 
“Her problem, it seems, is that Madame Defarge just doesn’t know where to draw the line. As far as she’s concerned, “justice” for the fate of her family isn’t just that the Marquis gets murdered. Justice should, she thinks, include the “extermination” of all of the Marquis’s family. Given her druthers, Charles, Lucie, and even little Lucie would fall under the sharp blade of La Guillotine. As Madame Defarge exclaims to her husband, “Tell the Wind and the Fire where to stop; not me!” (3.12.36). 
“It was nothing to her that an innocent man was to die for the sins of his forefathers; she saw, not him, but them. It was nothing to her that his wife was to be made a widow and his daughter an orphan; that was insufficient punishment, because they were her natural enemies and her prey, and as such had no right to live. To appeal to her, was made hopeless by her having no sense of pity, even for herself.” (3.14.33) 
So it comes as no surprise that when “The meeting between Lucie and Madame Defarge makes this absolutely clear: Lucie falls on her knees, begging for mercy on behalf of her child. Madame Defarge stares at her coldly. She doesn’t even stop knitting.” 
This example of the dark side of human nature is particularly relevant and applicable when analyzing the gender iniquity of the wicked witch. For femininity enablement to champion such abuse from a coldhearted degenerate is the biggest disappointment of this election cycle. Society should never condone or provide consent for anyone, male or female; who is such a habitual sociopath. 
The influence hucksters do not pretend to be altruistic . They would support Lucifer if they thought they would gain the riches of this world. As for the money changers, they are already archfiends in the Synagogue of Satan. Lastly, the globalist’s warmongers covet the mass eradication of billions to satisfy their lust for world transcendence. 
These three factions are the true irredeemables. The masses of the walking dead need to politically repent and seek civic redemption. This objective is not possible by voting for Hillary Clinton. 
If you do nothing else before the November 8, 2016 election watch the video, A Vote For Hillary is a Vote For World War 3 . No matter your ideological propensities, we all share a mutual objective. Prevent a nuclear war that will destroy all civilized life on the planet. After watching this presentation, every rational person must come to deal with the prospects of putting a psycho in command of the launch codes. 
Folks; Donald Trump is not the mad man. The schizoid is a systemic and immoral lunatic, who is ready to drop the beheading blade on all of America. Her similarity with Madame Defarge bleeds over to her decadent boosters, who are willing to sacrifice their family, friends and community for the joy of destroying our planet. 
For all the dissatisfied and frustrated citizens, who understand the colossal stakes of national survival intervene with any fellow acquaintance that has been indoctrinated to the propaganda of Hillaryland . Confront the zombies attitude and appeal to their individual self-interest. Put forth the prospect of not voting for Clinton, even if Trump would not be an option. 
Citizens will not be the only people voting. Non eligible people are being ushered into a ballot booth with predisposed programming to put Killary into the oval office. The establishment is revealing their real tyranny for any person, who is still alive and has the ability to assess the actual nature of this election. 
The power structure in ready to collapse and the global elites are prepared to start a world war to keep and protect their feudal system of coercion. Those who might survive will be the special and the anointed. The masses will be served up on the plate of expediency and necessity. 
Hillary Clinton has always been part of the gang of criminals, protected by the intelligence community, insider politicians and the legal system of corrupt lawyers and judges. Voting for her is a clear validation of pure mental illness. 
The fact that the discredited FBI is endeavoring to regain their credibility by reopening the criminal investigation into Killary Clinton’s attempt to hide her family’s pay to play scheme to sell out our country is dramatic. This development should provide ample reason to put any notion of voting for the diva of sleaze on hold. Thanks to the Wikileaks release of the illicit emails from the Clinton cabal, only a fool can vote for her. 
Come to grips with the prospects of knowingly elevating this lifelong criminal to become the commander-and-chief. Genuine national security cannot be scarified to allow a distrustful and compromised agent of foreign interests to become President. 
Killary is dead meat. She could never gain the confidence of the nation and her continued nihilistic conduct and her kleptocrat criminal violations cannot be tolerated or ignored any longer. If you really want to save the planet, you cannot cast your ballot for this known traitor.",0
3436,Trump on Israel: There’s a ’Big Beautiful Difference’ Between My Administration and Obama’s,"JERUSALEM  —   In his speech at the Israel Museum in Jerusalem, President Donald Trump noted the “big beautiful difference” between his administration’s relationship with the Jewish state and the previous administration, and reiterated his promise that Iran would not be allowed to obtain a nuclear weapon. [There were, however, no major overtures such the much speculated transfer of the U. S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.  Still, Trump’s speech was lauded by Israeli politicians here as one of the most friendly toward Israel from any U. S. president, and he used the speech to affirm the Jewish bond to Jerusalem and the land of Israel.  Trump declared that both the Israeli and Palestinian leaders were ready for peace, and that “with determination, compromise and the belief that peace is possible, Israelis and Palestinians can make a deal. ” Trump spoke in the highest terms of Jerusalem, Israel and the Jewish people. “I am honored to be in the ancient city of Jerusalem to address the Israeli people and all people in the Middle East who yearn for security, prosperity and peace,” he said. “Jerusalem is a sacred city. Its beauty, splendor and heritage are like no other place on earth. What a heritage, what a heritage. The ties of the Jewish people to this holy land are ancient and eternal. They date back thousands of years, including the reign of Kind David, whose star now flies proudly on Israel’s blue and white flag. ” “Israel is testament to the unbreakable spirit of the Jewish people,” he continued. “From all parts of this great country, one message resounds, and that is the message of hope. Down through the ages, the Jewish people have suffered persecution, oppression, and  …     [others have] sought their destruction,” he said. “I make this promise to you: My administration will always stand with Israel. ” This remark was met with a lingering round of applause and another handshake from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Trump continued: “America’s security partnership with Israel is stronger than ever.  Under my administration, you see the difference  —   big, big beautiful difference  —   including the Iron Dome missile defense program, which has been keeping the Israeli people safe from   rockets launched by Hezbollah and Hamas, and David’s Sling, which guards against long range missiles. ” After reiterating his commitment to driving out terror, the president referred to attacks committed on Israeli civilians:  “Israelis have experienced firsthand the hatred and terror of radical violence. Israelis are murdered by terrorists wielding knives and bombs. Hamas and Hezbollah launch rockets into Israeli communities where schoolchildren have to be trained to hear the sirens and to run to the bomb shelters with fear but with speed. ISIS targets Jewish neighborhoods, synagogues  …     and Iran’s leaders routinely call for Israel’s destruction. ” “Not with Donald J. Trump,” he declared, earning a standing ovation and a fist pump from Netanyahu. Trump smiled at the audience on their feet and said, “I like you too. ”",0
3437,"After a Century, Planned Parenthood Needs to be Shut Down","After a Century, Planned Parenthood Needs to be Shut Down Written by John F. McManus Email 
On the 100th anniversary of Planned Parenthood , one of its greatest cheerleaders sent five separate messages to celebrate the significant milestone. Interrupting her election campaign, Hillary Clinton sent out several tweets that either praised or defended the organization that has slaughtered 59 million babies in the womb since 1973. 
One of those messages sent via her computer (a non-secured instrument this time!) stated as follows: “I’m proud to stand with Planned Parenthood. I’ll never stop fighting to protect the ability of every woman in this country to make her own health decisions.” She conveniently avoided the fact that half of the victims of abortion are females needing only time and nourishment to be able to reach womanhood in a few years. They won’t enjoy the protection she mentioned. Mrs. Clinton also equated terminating life in the womb with otherwise normal health decisions. Abortion surely doesn’t allow the victim a choice, and it surely isn’t good for his or her health. 
Started a century ago as the American Birth Control League, Planned Parenthood is the legacy of Margaret Sanger (1879-1966). A prominent eugenicist (the word comes from the Greek meaning “wellborn”), she sought to rid the nation of the “unfit” by which she initially meant Negroes, Hispanics, and Jews. Her goal would be achieved by forcing down the birth rate of the unwanted classes. One of her tactics included the use of deception. She told a financial supporter of her plan to recruit “colored minsters” to do her work. Explaining, she stated, “We do not want word to go out that we want to exterminate the Negro population, and the minister is the man who can straighten out the idea if it ever occurs....” (See Woman’s Body, Woman’s Right , a 1974 book by rabid pro-abortionist Linda Gordon.) 
As late as November 1939 (two months after Germany launched World War II and several years after its campaign against Jews had begun, Sanger’s Birth Control Review was still commending the Nazi campaign. Almost simultaneously, the Sanger campaign began to target Catholic immigrants to the United States, another group deemed “unfit.” 
Beginning in 1970, Planned Parenthood started receiving federal grants, now totaling more than $500 million per year. The organization claims that none of the taxpayer dollars it receives are used to perform abortions. Even if that claim is accurate, the government funding it receives makes easier the use of other funding to kill babes in the womb. In 2015, some determined anti-abortion crusaders videotaped admissions by Planned Parenthood officials that they were selling the body parts of recently aborted babies. An uproar over that grisly practice led to a congressional attempt to defund the organization, a failed effort due to President Obama’s veto and the congressional inability to override it. Similar congressional moves to overturn the 1973 Roe v. Wade decision that opened the floodgates for abortion have also failed. 
Over its history, besides being pro-Nazi, Planned Parenthood has shown itself to be anti-black, anti-Hispanic, anti-Catholic, and anti-Jewish. Yet within these groups of Americans are millions who support the Clinton candidacy. Meanwhile, the mass media that refuses to report the truth about Planned Parenthood and its Sanger-inspired efforts chooses to paint her opponent with unsavory labels, many of which are unfounded. 
One reason why the murder of innocent babes in the womb continues is that the practice has now involved millions of women and men. There is a wide lessening of disgust for a practice that, prior to 1973, was almost universally deemed abhorrent in America. This trend will only grow worse if the very prominent cheerleader for Planned Parenthood, Hillary Clinton, becomes America’s next president. 

John F. McManus is president emeritus of The John Birch Society . This column appeared originally at the insideJBS blog and is reprinted here with permission.  ",0
3438,British PM May: Another Attack ’May Be Imminent’ - Breitbart,"JUST IN: British PM Theresa May says threat level has been raised from ”severe to critical” another attack ”may be imminent.” pic. twitter.  Tuesday, British Prime Minister Theresa May said during the investigation into Monday’s Manchester terror attack the government has concluded another attack “may be imminent. ”   She added that was cause for the terrorism threat level to be raised to critical. May said, “I said that the joint terrorism analysis center, the independent organization responsible for setting the threat level on the basis of the intelligence available was keeping the threat level under constant review. ” “It’s now concluded on the basis of today’s investigation that the threat level should be increased for the time being from severe to critical,” she continued. “This means that their assessment is not only that an attack remains highly likely but that a further attack may be imminent. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
3439,Man to say ‘You can take the mask off now’ numerous times today,"Man to say 'You can take the mask off now' numerous times today 01-11-16 AN OFFICE worker has confirmed plans to repeatedly tell workmates to take off their masks because it is no longer Halloween. Martin Bishop of Stevenage has said he will say it to literally every male co-worker at least once today, and in some cases twice or even three times. Bishop said: “It really is a funny line. I know for a fact everyone else thinks so too as they all laughed at it last year when I said it to them.” However he will only be saying it to male work colleagues as some of the female ones ‘might take it the wrong way’. Bishop added: “ I know women, t hey act like they can take a joke but deep down I know it would hurt their feelings, especially as there really are some ugly women who work in this office. “ I’d never say that to them, obviously. I’ve got far too much respect for them to do that.” 
Share:",0
3440,“The Newshour” anchors to dubsmash Arnab Goswami’s voice to combat sinking TRPs,"“The Newshour” anchors to dubsmash Arnab Goswami’s voice to combat sinking TRPs Posted on Tweet 
Faced with a sharp slump in viewership after the departure of their former editor-in-chief and star anchor Arnab Goswami, the makeshift anchors of Times Now’s prime-time debate, “The Newshour” have decided to dubsmash Goswami’s voice in a desperate bid to restore their TRPs. (Image via aisfm.edu.in) 
Goswami’s loud, hard-hitting voice, one of the main reasons behind The Newshour’s catapult to dominance, will now be played in The Newshour studios, while the makeshift anchors move their lips to his statements. According to senior Times Now journalist Navika Kumar, their usual stand-in Newshour anchor Anand Narasimhan has been spending sleepless nights, hard at work, trying to move his lips to Arnab’s audio flawlessly. “It’ll be a while before Rahul Shivshankar joins us and does a more believable and buy-able impression of Arnab, but until then, we’ve got to do this much at least,” Navika told The UnReal Times . 
Narasimhan has admitted to finding this task the most difficult thing he’s ever had to do in life. “To open your throat and try to scream the loudest, yet without screaming, to keep interrupting people correctly before they finish a couple of words, to keep uttering that you would bring in some panelist in to the debate and yet not bring him, to keep announcing ever 5 minutes that you would open the phone lines and yet not open them..Whew! This is as Herculean as it can get. I expect to be featured on Ripley’s Believe it or not, if at all I’m able to achieve this dubsmashing feat,” the anchor described, before going ahead to practice moving his lips to “THE NATION WANTS TO KNOW!” 
Navika also added that the crew has a backup plan in place, should the dubsmashing go awry. “In the worst case, if no one is able to lip sync properly, we will try to get Dr. Manmohan Singh to do the job. He doesn’t have to dubsmash, he might as well speak and we can have Arnab’s voice as the voiceover,” the senior journalist added. The channel, however, soon had a reason to cheer, as Bollywood actor Anupam Kher volunteered to act as Arnab for free. “Dubsmashing Arnab is the least I can do for my country and our soldiers at the border. It is a role that I would be proud and privileged to accept, all for the sake of the jawans,” Kher exclaimed. 
The move has, however, come in for sharp criticism from the channel’s bete noire s. “Dubsmash => Dumb smash. Enough said :)” tweeted Congress spokesperson Sanjay Jha. The last word though, went to AAP spokesperson The Ashutosh. “Why the Times Now sud depend on lip sinking the Arnab’s voice !!! Will the Modi answer !!!” (sic) the former IBN7 editor tweeted. Tweet About Ashwin Kumar 
1 of the proud columnists of URT, former co-editor of URT Tamil, amateur musician, Real Harris Jayaraj devotee, UnReal T. Rajendar fanatic, passionate about stopping female foeticide. View all posts by Ashwin Kumar → Related Posts",0
3441,HILLARY DONOR Busted In REPULSIVE Hidden Camera VIDEO: ‘Blacks Who Are F***ked In The Head’,"And these people claim that Donald Trump is a racist! There goes Hillary’s black vote! Whenever the term “Nazi” is used to describe a minority group, you know things are bad. Democrat donor and Hillary Clinton supporter Benjamin Barber was caught on hidden camera voicing his opinion on blacks who may vote Republican. The disturbing comments were recorded at a fundraiser for United States Senate Candidate Deborah Ross, of North Carolina. Barber said, “Have you hear of the Sonderkommandos? Jewish guards who helped murder Jews in the camps. So there were even Jews that were helping the Nazis murder Jews! So black who are helping the other side are seriously f*cked in the head. They’re only helping the enemy who will destroy them. Maybe they think ‘if I help them we’ll get along okay; somehow I’ll save my race by working with the murderers.” Barber was caught in this disgusting tirade on the Upper West Side of New York City after the fundraiser in September. Watch for yourself: 
Besides being disturbing, these comments have racist undertones that are more far-reaching than they even seem at first. It is as if blacks do not have the ability to work and create a good life for themselves, so they are somehow obligated to support liberals and Democrats. 
Lyndon Johnson started pandering to the black vote decades ago, and ever since, the black community has suffered. Fatherless homes, unemployment, drugs, and crime problems have plagued black communities. These communities also contain good people, people who deserve better. 
All that having been said, comparing Black Republicans to Jews who killed other Jews while in Nazi captivity is just bizarre. It appears that this man is sincere when he speaks, as well! 
Will this video make a difference in an already out of control Election? 
The hits just keep on rolling. Related Items",0
3442,Caring for 2 Children as Her Health and Finances Deteriorate - The New York Times,"CEDARHURST, N. Y.  —   On a brisk October day, Laura Gentile strolled through the orderly aisles stocked with matzo ball soup, apple juice, challah and cinnamon kokosh cake. Packing her cart with fresh peppers, canned tuna, pretzels and cake, she said the food pantry here on Long Island was the first where she felt like any other grocery shopper. It was welcome relief from the long lines and piles of unorganized food at other food banks. “You don’t feel destroyed just walking in,” Ms. Gentile, 45, said. “Renee greets you when you come in, and you can pick out what you want, what you need. You’re not just handed something. ” Renee Harris, the food pantry coordinator, said she knew from experience the importance of creating a welcoming environment. When her husband lost his job in 2009, she found herself shopping at food banks for the first time in her life. “I felt the employees watching me  —   like I might try to steal something,” Ms. Harris said. “And I ran out of the store crying. ” Then one day she stopped by the Rina Shkolnik Kosher Food Pantry. When her family got back on its feet a few years later, Ms. Harris started working there, hoping to replicate her experience for the 350 families who shop at the pantry each month. Emulating a traditional grocery store, the food bank is organized by food groups. Shoppers carry items home in marked bags donated by nearby shops. Ms. Gentile receives $182 a month in food stamps to feed herself, a    son, Malliki Outlaw, and a    daughter, Nevaeh Outlaw, who both have mental illnesses, she said. Once a month, she fills her cart with food from the pantry, a program of the Marion  Aaron Gural J. C. C. a beneficiary of   of New York, one of the eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund. Having groceries in the refrigerator has made a difference in a home filled with difficulty, she said. At 19, Ms. Gentile and her young son were living with her parents, who she said had forced her to get an abortion when she became pregnant again as a condition for staying under their roof. She later moved out and became pregnant again while in an abusive relationship, she said, and gave birth to Malliki. Months later, she found out she was expecting twins. Two months along, she miscarried one of them. She named the surviving twin Nevaeh  —   heaven spelled backward. Abuse marks Ms. Gentile’s body. A white scar runs along her hand  —   the lasting effect of being stabbed by a sharp piece of plastic. She has also endured mental trauma. Ms. Gentile said she had lost count of the number of times her children had been hospitalized or institutionalized, because of the harm they were causing their mother and themselves. But she said the trouble had started after their father died in 2002. Ms. Gentile takes care of both children, who still live at home. Her son has bipolar disorder, and her daughter has anxiety, depression and mild intellectual disabilities. She said that medication and therapy had helped manage their symptoms, and that they had not been hospitalized since 2009. But Ms. Gentile’s own health problems, including depression, high blood pressure and arthritis, exacerbated by years of abuse, have worsened. She had an operation to remove her ovaries because of a precancerous cyst. Doctors have told her that she needs to have gallstones removed and both knees replaced, but she cannot afford the operations and fears leaving her children for the duration of the recovery without another caregiver. Injections would ease the pain in her arthritic knees, but her insurance does not cover the cost. Ms. Gentile, who worked as a medical office assistant and coordinator for a physical therapy clinic, stopped working in 2008 and started receiving Supplemental Security Income a year later. The family now subsists on a cumulative $1, 434 in Supplemental Security Income. The family’s benefits had previously been cut by $733 when her son’s Supplemental Security benefits were terminated in April, because proper documentation was not submitted. The benefits were reinstated this month but reduced by $30. In 2009 she moved from Queens Village to Far Rockaway in Queens. She sleeps on a makeshift bed and gives her children the two bedrooms. After a public housing subsidy, she pays $410 a month for rent. Marion  Aaron Gural J. C. C. provided Ms. Gentile and her children with $630 from the Neediest Cases Fund to cover her December 2015 rent and $650 to help with rent again in September. At the food pantry, Ms. Gentile walked to the front to check out. Ms. Harris warmly pointed out a bag of grapes, adding it and a few other items to Ms. Gentile’s cart. She reminded her to return in a few weeks for a Thanksgiving turkey. As Ms. Gentile left, grocery bags in both hands, she was smiling.",0
3443,Mexican Leaders Caught Lying Again in Cartel Extradition Fight with U.S.,"Saving face, Mexican officials are claiming they did not agree to the U. S. extradition of a fugitive governor wanted in Texas for drug trafficking and money laundering charges. While the U. S. government has requested from the Italian government his extradition, Mexico has only requested information as to his location. [On Tuesday night, Mexico’s Attorney General’s Office (PGR) circulated information only to some Mexican news outlets “disqualifying” a story published by Breitbart Texas.  Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook. Brandon Darby is managing director and    of Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook.",0
3444,The Liberal Media Hacks Will Never Change,"You are here: Home / *Articles of the Bound* / The Liberal Media Hacks Will Never Change The Liberal Media Hacks Will Never Change November 22, 2016, 8:34 am by Cliff Kincaid Leave a Comment 0 
Accuracy in Media 
In announcing his challenge to Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) for leadership of the House Democrats, Rep. Tim Ryan (D-OH) used an old quotation, saying that the definition of insanity is to do the “same thing over and over again and keep getting the same results.” He meant that the Democrats keep losing seats with the same leaders and the same message. But the famous quote also applies to the liberal media, who use the same talking heads to make the same points over and over again, even after they were humiliated by Donald J. Trump on Election Day. 
Interviewing former Utah Governor Mike Leavitt (R) on Monday on MSNBC, Kristen Welker of NBC News demonstrated how the bias works on a day-to-day basis. She contrasted the “impassioned” partisan plea from the cast of the Broadway show “ Hamilton ” to Vice President-elect Mike Pence with the president-elect’s “Twitter storm” in response. She wondered if Trump’s tweets were presidential, but did not question if it was appropriate for the “Hamilton” cast to use their production for political purposes. Leavitt gave a diplomatic answer, saying Twitter was a new way for a president to communicate. 
It is also a very effective way. The media know it and don’t like it. In just a few words, Trump can effectively expose liberal bias. He called the show “overrated” and said the crew had harassed Pence, adding, “The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!” 
On CNN, anchor Chris Cuomo was troubled by Trump’s use of Twitter in response to the “Hamilton” controversy. His former campaign manager Kellyanne Conway replied , “Why do you care?” 
It’s a good question, and she knows the answer. She noted that Trump is “just trying to cut through the nonsense” of what the media and other opponents of Trump want people to believe. 
Trump beat the media, as well as the Democrats, on Election Day. Of course, the emails from WikiLeaks demonstrated that they are one and the same. 
In this context, Politico is emerging as one of the most dishonest publications in the Trump era. A Politico story by Kelsey Hutton about media collusion with the Clinton campaign said , “most of the correspondences revealed by WikiLeaks consisted of reporters asking for comment, setting up in-person meetings and trying to get information from sources, which is a reporter’s job.” 
AIM’s Spencer Irvine noted that the WikiLeaks e-mails exposed how the liberal media establishment “has worked almost hand-in-hand with the Hillary Clinton campaign.” He cited ten examples, including: Politico reporter Glenn Thrush admitted to being a “hack,” writing to her campaign chairman John Podesta, “Because I have become a hack I will send u the whole section” of a story he was writing. 
A “hack” is usually defined as a person who is supposed to be a professional but does mediocre work. 
Another Thrush email to Podesta about an Obama White House story said, “you are in the thing…in a good way…but could really use your insights…sorry to be a pain in the ass.” This is not asking for comment. It constitutes flattery, in the context of assuring him that he’s already covered “in a good way” and begging for more quotes. 
The Clinton campaign got an article from Politico in advance of publication that contained some mild criticism of Hillary. The article was provided in advance so the Clinton campaign could formulate a response. 
Politico has a media reporter, Jack Shafer, who tried to rationalize much of the collusion in a story that carried the headlines, “WikiLeaks and the Oily Washington Press. A bunch of reporters got caught up in the Podesta flypaper. How bad is it, really?” The final headline suggested it was much ado about nothing. 
He admitted that Politico reporter Glenn Thrush sent Podesta “a chunk of his story-in-progress,” but that he was among many reporters who “appear to have conned their way into the inner sanctums to produce creditable work that is accurate and useful to readers.” He added, “What appear to be compromises ultimately redound to their favor.” 
In other words, Thrush was acting like a sycophant just to get information. Is this what modern journalism has become? What happened to speaking truth to power? 
Shafer said, “In my own journalism, this isn’t how I work: I don’t give my sources a sneak preview of what I’m writing—unless the topic is technical and complicated (law, medicine, science, tech, et al.) and demands an expert’s checkmark.” 
Nevertheless, there has been no apology from Politico senior management over Thrush’s pathetically subservient coverage of the Democrats. They will just move on, doing the same thing over and over again, hoping that we will all forget what they have done. 
We won’t. Cliff Kincaid 
Cliff Kincaid is the Director of the AIM Center for Investigative Journalism and can be contacted at cliff.kincaid@aim.org. View the complete archives from Cliff Kincaid . 0",0
3445,The Real Reason Obamacare is Coming Unglued,"The Real Reason Obamacare is Coming Unglued by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet 
The days of $20 doctor house calls and affordable hospitals stays for the uninsured are long gone. Chalk it up to government involvement in healthcare. Now we learn that “Obamacare” premiums will sharply rise in 2017. Prepare for what’s next.",0
3446,Breaking: Julian Assange Just Confirmed… Department Of Justice Told Hillary To Delete All Evidence | EndingFed News Network,"VIA Conservative Daily Post In an email sent to Cheryl Mills from John Podesta the evening of March 2, 2015, hours after the New York Times reported that Clinton possibly violated federal record requirements by using the private server, a shocking revelation has been uncovered. According to the latest batch of Podesta’s hacked emails, Podesta writes, “Not to sound like Lanny, but we are going to have to dump all those emails so better to do so sooner than later.” Mills responded, “Think you just got your new nick name.” The “Lanny” reference is to lawyer Lanny Davis, who served as special counsel to former President, Bill Clinton. Lawyers, unfortunately, are not always the most honest individuals and have been known to cover up for their guilty clients. Hillary Clinton is one of these lawyers. Cheryl Mills is the same woman who oversaw the controversial construction of a South Korean sweat shop being built in Haiti. A week after this email exchange took place, Hillary Clinton announced that she would love nothing more than to share her emails with the general public, claiming she had nothing to hide. At least, she didn’t think she did. After being subpoenaed by federal court, Hillary Clinton acid-washed her private server, deleting thousands of emails. She denied, under oath, that classified information was ever on the server or sent/discussed via her private email address. Acid-washing a server costs a pretty penny. If she truly had nothing to hide, why did she completely bleach her server free of everything? Thanks to leaked emails from WikiLeaks, it has been proven that Hillary lied when she said no classified information had ever been involved with her private server- Not only was there classified information stored and talked about, but hackers were able to intercept the data and correspondence. New York Post comments, “Democrats on the House Oversight Committee point to Clinton tweeting on March 4, 2015, calling on the State Department to release her 55,000 pages of work files.” “I want the public to see my email,” Hillary wrote two days after the Podesta message. At the time, the real Lanny Davis was in support of Clinton addressing her emails. Another WikiLeaks email displays members of the Clinton Organization getting frustrated with Davis’ public voicing. “We gotta zap Lanny out of our universe,” campaign manager Robby Mook wrote Podesta March 8, 2015. “Can’t believe he committed her to a private review of her hard drive on TV.” Good thing for Lanny Davis, “zap” doesn’t equate to “wet-work.” Although Davis may have been rash to announce and support Hillary Clinton’s innocence, the DNC had major issues with it. Davis told Fox News host Chris Wallace, during a televised interview, about Hillary Clinton’s private email server- “there can be a neutral party to review all these records – nothing unlawful.” Apparently, Davis wasn’t given the memo by Hillary Clinton’s team regarding her bleached server and it’s true contents. “I think it is a reasonable idea if anybody has any doubts that there’s a delete on a hard drive- to have an independent go inspect her private e-mail?” Davis added. Hillary Clinton is known for lying, her own chairman doesn’t even believe her when she claims she “forgets” things. 
EVEN PODESTA KNOWS SHE IS A LIAR! Hillary Clinton wouldn’t know honesty if it slapped her in the face. She is a psychopathic liar that thirsts for ways to obscenely scam on a global spectrum. She calls out Donald Trump for “using the system” but in no way has he abused the system in the grand scale that the Clintons have. He’s a business man, he was simply following the laws that government had implemented. Floods of emails and documents are being leaked every day by Anonymous, WikiLeaks and the FBI. These are desperate cries for help mostly from whistle blowers who have been intimately involved with the government, trying to warn American citizens of certain madness and despair that awaits us if Hillary Clinton wins presidency. Donald J. Trump genuinely cares for the American people. He is a natural leader, he enjoys helping people because he believes in bettering America, not policies that encourage ‘pay for play’. Hillary Clintons transparency is starting to become blurred. Shatter the busted deception and lock everyone involved with the Clinton scandals in prison. Donald Trump recognizes the need for America to rebuild, which starts with depleting government corruption and replacing government officials. This is something Hillary could never accomplish. Hillary Clinton would just hire her friends and abuse her position of power, as she’s done for nearly four decades. John Podesta suggested that Hillary Clinton delete her emails- he must believe she is capable of worse than sharing classified information and as president of the United States, who would stop her from committing even more crime? She would put each and every one of our lives on the line and not think twice. Do you think Hillary Clinton ever gets tired of lying, each lie covering up the next? And even Podesta don’t believe her! Why should America? 
If you haven’t checked out and liked our Facebook page, please go here and do so. Leave a comment... ",0
3447,Trump: ’We Are Going to Help’ Christian Refugees,"In an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network recorded on Thursday, but set to air in full on Sunday, President Trump said Christian refugees have been “horribly treated” and “we are going to help them. ”[“The refugee changes that you’re looking to make, as it relates to persecuted Christians, do you see them as kind of a priority here?” CBN’s David Brody asked the President.  “Yes,” Trump replied. “They’ve been horribly treated. ” “Do you know if you were a Christian in Syria it was impossible  —   or at least very, very tough  —   to get in to the United States?” he asked. “If you were a Muslim, you could come in. But if you were Christian, it was almost impossible. ” “And the reason that was so unfair, is that everybody was persecuted in all fairness, they were chopping off the heads of everybody, but more so the Christians. I thought it was very, very unfair,” Trump continued. “So we are going to help them. ” While the administration of Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama significantly increased the number of Syrian refugees allowed into the country, an overwhelming majority of these were Muslim, despite the Islamic State’s systematic attempts to convert or kill both Syria and Iraq’s Christian population. In June 2016, for example, the United States accepted a record number of 2, 300 refugees from Syria. Eight were Christian. As a presidential candidate, Trump made the case that the number of Christian refugees being accepted into the United States was too low, while the number of undervetted Syrian Muslim refugees could pose a danger to the safety of U. S. citizens.  ",0
3448,Emerging from the Cocoon of Transformation,"Leave a reply 
Simon Vorster & Jennifer Langstone – With the winds of change blowing full force, our experiences since mid-October’s Full Moon have reflected in stark clarity just how much of ‘the shift’ has already occurred within us, what is still left for us to emotionally and energetically integrate. In particular, the combined frequency of Uranus in Aries square Mars in Capricorn have served not only to bring to the surface any unhealthy stagnancy and energetic dis-ease within, but to make those feelings erupt from within in a way that cannot be ignored. This has created great change within and around us. 
Unlike other shifts we have endured in recent years, the energy pattern throughout October brought not a subtle shift but an electric shock; a perceptual upgrade that changed the course of our lives and altered our energetic blueprint in ways that our logical minds may have struggled to comprehend. However, as this cycle comes to an end, today’s New Moon in Scorpio offers us great clarity into the deep transformation we have just experienced, as we find ourselves in new energetic territory. This is a place of completion and total renewal. Old cycles and patterns have now run their course, and in their absence, new directions are not only available for us but are now inevitable — and manifesting fast. 
Let’s look at the astrological alignments that are currently reflecting our spiritual evolution. Venus and Saturn Conjunction in Sagittarius Square the Lunar Nodes 
Re-establishing Balance and Forming New Emotional Directions 
Generally speaking, Squares reflect a change in direction and create the necessary evolutionary adjustments in our awareness to make it happen. 
With Saturn and Venus in conjunction, we can expect to feel very responsible and serious about what we value, what we stand for, and what we feel we need. Although this energy pattern and the inner process it reflects can bring great rewards for us on an emotional level, both Venus and Saturn squaring the Karmic Nodes of the Moon can create the dynamic of feeling emotionally ‘sea sick’, as we are literally changing the course of our lives. 
So what growth is this experience offering us? The process of transmuting the consciousness here on Earth is about balance between seemingly opposing forces. It is a process of integrating our higher awareness into this physical reality, and simultaneously breaking down the layers of energetic density in which we have previously resided. 
We are learning to experience life with our heart open and our being pulsating with creative power, and as a result, we must learn for the first time to see beyond the boundaries of our previously-held beliefs, limitations and emotional struggles. Nothing is actually as we once perceived it, and the current energy pattern is helping us to release the fears and programs that have steered our past, creating new and empowered new spaces within us that will enable us to experience more of the cosmic universe — and experience ourselves as the cosmic beings we are. 
As we move through this pattern we will begin to see shifts in our values, and in particular, where our personal attachments to the ideals and habits of the past no longer serve us. These shifts will become (and are already becoming) the foundation of unimaginable change in our life’s path. Although we may feel a little ‘sea sick’ through this process, or completely lost at sea, hold on tight and ride the wave. It can be difficult to recognize while sailing in uncharted territory, but over time we will see that this period is reshaping our direction in the most profound of ways. Jupiter in Libra Square Pluto in Capricorn Inconjunct Neptune in Pisces 
Finding Your Center of Gravity 
Further reflecting this change in direction, this profound energy pattern will bring us clarity about the chaos we are seeing in the world today and, equally, a deep insight into the meaning and purpose of our lives here on Earth. In essence, these current alignments of Jupiter in Libra (square Pluto inconjuct Neptune) bring our awareness toward finding our natural, sustainable balance. This can be a tough process at times, as we release our fears and transcend our past ideals, and shake off what we thought was right for us and what no longer serves us — so finding our own center of gravity is essential during this time. 
The last quarter square Jupiter (natural philosophy) in Libra is making to Pluto (evolution) in Capricorn shows us the need to trust the process and find excitement (not fear) in our new direction. The tension underlying the collective unconsciousness is a by-product of mass fear propaganda and social engineering, which cultivates deep uncertainty around how we will move forward and indeed, around what is even possible. 
The key to navigating this period is to acknowledge that we have been conditioned to find our sense of security in the external; we place our comfort and therefore our power into external manifestations and hierarchical constructs. But, if we can learn to see our lives and our fate as our co-creation, supported and governed by natural and universal law, and influenced by situations and shifts more profound that we can’t yet understand or control, we learn to hold a secure space within us. We cultivate a stillness and a knowing inside us that comfortably rides the flow or life, and cannot and will not be drawn off that path and into darkness. 
Ultimately, that stillness becomes our security, the base line from which we create, influence and interact with the world around us. We no longer have to resist darkness, but rather, we create from our inner light. Linked to the energetic archetype of Capricorn (self-determination), this is not an easy feat. It may begin slowly and take time to integrate, however Mars (also in Capricorn) is currently adding the fire and drive we need as we move into this important process of integration. New Moon and Mercury in Scorpio Trine Neptune in Pisces 
Finding Clarity in Chaos, and Integrating Stillness 
The New Moon in Scorpio (evolution and regeneration) phase can bring profound inner awakening experiences, as the frequency of Scorpio pulls our awareness into the undercurrent of subtle emotions and energies within our psyche. Today’s New Moon in Scorpio trine Neptune and the South Node in Pisces alignment adds an extra sensitivity to this New Moon, bringing even more heightened awareness to our current situation (both internal and external) and, equally adding uncertainty and chaos to the equation. 
Again, we can see the theme of needing to find balance in our lives and hold our emotional security within. The external world is changing very quickly, and it all seems like madness! Shifting your awareness back into yourself helps you to find stability. It is in this space that you can begin to see the metamorphosis taking place around us — from within us, and right from under us! Energetically, we are moving forward at an unprecedented rate, finding center — our center — helps us remember the core of what really matters, and therefore, what we do next. 
As Mercury also trines Neptune, we will have opportunities to clearly see (with ‘real eyes’) that what we comprehend with our minds is mostly conditioned but what we see with our inner vision comes from a much deeper place — one of higher knowing, of cellular remembrance. It is in this place that we find the answers, gifts and purpose we truly carry. 
At the heart of this New Moon is the theme of transcendence and metamorphosis. We are beginning to shift out of the struggle of fighting for something and we will begin to look what aspirations we want experience in our lives. It is no longer about resisting darkness, but creating from our inner light. This is a powerful new direction; it will begin to shift our awareness toward understand the deeper meaning of the evolutionary path we are on as a collective, and the amazing untapped potential we are just beginning to explore within ourselves. Individually, as we navigate this shift, each of us is altering the way we emotionally relate to the new world, and as a result, we are beginning to take active steps in new, future-creating ways. And the only way we can do this, and liberate ourselves from the mind-trap of the fear program, is by finding stillness and security within. New Moon Message – Emerging from the Cocoon 
Each and every one of us has spent the past couple of years struggling in one way or another, and fighting for what we believe in. Pushed beyond our limits, we have all been broken numerous times, only to continue the struggle, to keep moving through, and to keep surviving. We have been learning about the deeper meaning of life and about what is worth standing up and fighting for. Most of us have had to face ourselves more deeply than we knew we could handle, and lost more than we knew we could live without, leaving us deeply aware that we are not the sole dictators of our destiny. 
Now, that cycle has ended and we are now looking toward what gives our lives true meaning. There is a profound energetic shift occurring around us, and within us, which our conditioned minds (when left in the driver’s seat) struggle to comprehend, and yet, here we are, learning to live it and to make manifest our newfound meaning. We are being asked to look beneath what we have been struggling with and find the underlying reason for the struggle. We are seeing that there is a natural ending to everything; that everything in our physical reality will be exhausted at some point, everything will break down, or be lost, and yet the cycle of life and evolution will continue. 
Most of all, we are realizing that we are not here to survive – none of us will! We are here to live ! Right now! It takes great courage to open one’s heart fully, and to live and love with the knowledge that we can, and ultimately will, lose everything. But remember: We are here to transcend the limitations of the conditioning that tells us we are powerless in physical 3D world. We are here to stand in the face of adversity, to ride the flow of this shift with all our being, and engage a new energy here on Earth. And most of all, we are here to experience consciousness in form; to know that the true meaning of our lives is found in our experiences, and our energy; and to know that the experiences we aspire in our hearts to create, and the energy with which we engage them, and not the physical things we can hold onto, and keep. 
No matter where you are, or what you have been facing in your life, it is now time to connect to the original dream that gives it all meaning; to the dream that has been there with you all along, bubbling beneath the surface of your daily challenges. Believe in the love and the passion you carry in this life, no matter how far from it you have traveled or how many times your luck has been broken along the way. These are moments to be cherished! 
This weekend, we connected with an old butterfly. His wings were aged and crumbling but he was magnificent and proud. He beautifully displayed the wisdom of the message we are sharing with you today — which is to live life to the fullest despite the odds that are seemingly against us, and despite the challenges, suffering and pain we might endure along the way. He reminded us of the nature of transformation and evolution. The butterfly has already once lost everything through a painful process of transmutation — of dissolving and recreating — and yet, it is only through that experience that he gains his wings to fly and the beautiful markings of his maturity. Then, emerging from his cocoon for the first time, he confronted that moment within himself before that first flight where he had to take the leap of faith. He had lived until then having never flown before — but he trusted the inner voice that told him to fly. And he is magnificent. 
That is a perfect symbolism of where we collectively find ourselves at this point in time. We have just been through the natural but agonising process of metamorphosis and lost all that we knew life to be. Now, like the butterfly, we are emerging from our cocoon, renewed and yet extremely raw — and we are being called by our deepest knowing to step out into the next cycle of our lives, and to embody the true beauty of our existence. 
Experience every new moment with all that you have. Move on, let go of what has happened, and don’t fear what you have lost. Dream, and dream BIG! Aspire to experience greatness through the physical form, but not limited to it. We are taking our first flight in a new way of being, and we will only find the trust we need to do it in the stillness and security within. 
Blessings, Simon & Jennifer 
Simon Vorster is an evolutionary astrologer and teacher who has been practising astrology for over 11 years. Together with his partner and co-founder of Raising Vibrations, Jennifer Langstone , their work is rooted in helping souls de-condition the self and empower the soul into making new conscious choices. Through the website, Raising Vibrations Astrology , and the consulting services they offer, Simon and Jennifer share their thoughts and insights and, using the powerful tool of evolutionary astrology, help and guide others to find their own spiritual paths, live authentically in the moment and understand ways they are able to positively effect their own spiritual evolution. SF Source Wake Up World Nov. 2016 Share this:",0
3449,Thailand Between the TPP and the EAEU | New Eastern Outlook,"Country: Thailand On February 4th, 2016 the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement (TPP) was signed. After ratification of the Agreement by all countries, which will take at least two years, a huge free trade zone uniting Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore, the USA, Vietnam will be formed in the Asia-Pacific region. According to forecasts made by the founders of the TPP, its territory eventually will incorporate up to 25% of world trade. What’s more, the major player there will be the United States and trade will be carried out under their rules. TPP is an attempt by the USA to maintain its economic dominance in the Asia-Pacific region and create a worthy competition to China. In an ideal scenario, the Americans would like to see all the countries of Southeast Asia in the Partnership but so far thing have not run as smoothly as they expected. Currently the only ASEAN members to join the TPP are Vietnam, Malaysia and Singapore. There is one more candidate from ASEAN: Thailand. However, if it enters into the TPP, then the terms for joining would be different from those which the United States would be like them to be. Thailand expressed its interest in the TPP as early as 2012, when there were preliminary negotiations; however, subsequently it has not taken any steps in this direction. This would not please the Americans, because Thailand is one of their major trading partners. The USA accounts for over 20% of the exports and 14% of the imports of Thailand. That’s a lot of money: the annual imports of Thailand come to about $150 billion. All of these indicators could significantly increase if the country joined the TPP. Let’s not forget about the relatively cheap labour in Thailand that attracts a great deal of foreign investors to its territory. So, it is not surprising, that the USA is very interested in Thailand’s joining the TPP. Japan is also very much interested in this. The Land of the Rising Sun is the second major player in the TPP and the main exporter of products to Thailand. The Japanese share of Thai imports amounts to over 22%. It is well known that there are more than a thousand Japanese or Thai-Japanese Joint Ventures currently operating in Thailand. It is obvious that cooperation with Japan is extremely important to the economy of the Thailand. On February 2, 2016, two days before signing the TPP agreement, Prime Minister of Thailand General Prayut Chan-o-cha met with a delegation of the Japanese Chamber of Commerce headed by its Chairman Akio Mimura. Japanese business representatives addressed the Government of Thailand with a request to join the TPP. They stated that it would significantly contribute to strengthening and developing Thai-Japanese economic cooperation. Meanwhile, the delegates added that they wanted to continue to increase the number of Japanese companies in Thailand as they are satisfied with the tax policy of the country. After the meeting, Prayut Chan-o-cha said that it was very important and it contributed to the growth of trust between the Government of Thailand and Japanese investors. However, after that meeting Thailand still did not join the TPP. Moreover, at that time the Thai Government was already in talks about joining the Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU), i.e. the association of developed countries of the former Soviet Union, headed by Russia, and one of the potential competitors of the TPP. Incidentally, at that time Vietnam, another important member of ASEAN, which then joined the TPP, had already decided to create a free trade zone with the EAEU. In April 2016 Prayut Chan-o-cha visited Russia. He said Thailand would like to create a free trade zone with the EAEU. In May 2016, Mr. Don Pramudvinai, Minister of Foreign Affairs, said that the country is ready to join the EAEU. He announced that the Thai Government had considered all the opportunities that the creation of a free trade zone with the EAEU would bring and found them very attractive. Moreover, all EAEU member states would also benefit from this. Besides, Mr. Don Pramudvinai said that Russia will help Thailand to join the EAEU, and that Thailand’s application is already in the preparation stage. It it is worth remembering that Russia is also a major trading partner of Thailand and the annual trade turnover between them is about $4.6 billion. What’s more, there are great prospects for growth; and therefore it is quite possible that Russia and the EAEU may become major partners for Thailand. In conclusion, the Head of the Thai Foreign Ministry said that his country would soon begin direct negotiations on joining the EAEU after settling some internal issues. On June 1st, 2016 the media published a statement made by the Thai Deputy Prime Minister for Economic Affairs Somkit Chatusriphithak that Thailand was still ready to join the TPP, but only after a series of public hearings to be held throughout the year. Both supporters and opponents of joining would be given the floor. It was also reported that a Committee headed by the Thai Minister of Commerce, whose aim will be to decide whether membership in the TPP is beneficial to Thailand, will be formed. Then Prayut Chan-o-cha said that it was first necessary to protect the rights of Thai citizens. It is well known that many Thai companies are opposed to joining the TPP, as trade rules imposed by the USA will seriously hurt them. Thai farmers are actively protesting. It is worth taking this into consideration as the agricultural sector employs about 60% of the country’s population. The question of Thailand joining the TPP still remains on the table. It is difficult to regard the statement by the Prime Minister that it will take place a year after the public discussion as a promise. It could be that Thailand is currently seeking to glean as many preferences as possible from the USA and Japan. All the while continuing its rapprochement with the EAEU. If Thailand joins the EAEU and makes it its major partner, the United States and Japan would be faced with big losses. Even if Thailand subsequently joins the TPP as well, the USA would no longer be able to control it completely. The Americans would have to cooperate with Thailand, taking into account its interests; otherwise it would completely turn away from them, and would fully concentrate on the EAEU. It is the same with Vietnam, which has already joined both the TPP and the EAEU. Thailand and Vietnam are among ASEAN’s most developed countries, and if they break with the TPP, the other ASEAN countries may follow. However, control over South-East Asia is necessary for the United States in order to contain China’s economic expansion. Thus, the TPP project is not going as the USA had wanted. They hoped to create a strong economic union where they would run the show. This union was supposed to be a tool for the USA to exert economic and political influence in the Asia-Pacific region, which would lead to weakening China and the EAEU thereby once again becoming the world economic leader. However, it transpired that countries such as Thailand and Vietnam are not a group of states dependent on the United States, but independent trading partners. In all likelihood, the TPP countries can earn good money through mutual trade with each other. However, it seems that the USA will not succeed in gaining global economic dominance through the TPP. Dmitry Bokarev, political observer, exclusively for the online magazine “ New Eastern Outlook ” 
",0
3450,BRUTAL Meme Exposes How Government REALLY Works,"You are here: Home / US / BRUTAL Meme Exposes How Government REALLY Works BRUTAL Meme Exposes How Government REALLY Works October 26, 2016 Pinterest 
Derrick Wilburn writes that if ever there was a governmental agency gone rogue it’s the Obama Environmental Protection Agency. The EPA has now become a faux-legislative body and through its vast overreach the federal government has assumed control over huge swaths of America, American industry and put tens if not hundreds of thousands of Americans out of work. 
Last year the EPA passed a rule granting itself power over puddles by naming them wetlands which fall under federal jurisdiction. A blatant move to allow environmental groups to sue developers, halt natural resource exploration or any other project they’d like to stop. 
Now it’s happening again. 
When farmers plow their land in preparation for planting it produces grooves in the earth called “furrows.” These furrows are bordered on each side by small ridges of dirt. 
The EPA, in its insatiable appetite for control via new regulatory powers, has come up with another term for furrows: “ mini mountain ranges .” You read correctly. This entirely absurd distinction is extremely important because, like wetlands, guess who has control over the nation’s mountain ranges? The feds. This ridiculous name –mini mountain ranges– could be enough for the federal government to seize control over private land use decisions by U.S. farmers. 
This nonsense has come to light as a result of a U.S. Senate committee report . “A Senate Report on the Expansion of Jurisdiction Claimed by the Army Corps of Engineers and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency under the Clean Water Act” was released September 20th. America’s two largest environmental regulation agencies, the EPA and U.S. Army Corps (that’s pronounced “ core ”, by the way) of Engineers proposed this regulatory rule. 
The rule uses the Clean Water Act to give the two federal agencies expanded jurisdiction over private land use decisions. 
Like any good rogue body the EPA is not responding to inquiries about it activities and is instead referring questions to the Department of Justice. To no one’s surprise, DOJ is also refusing to comment claiming that because the new rule is being challenged in court it cannot. Sort of like a guy claiming he’s not going to publicly release tax returns while the subject of a federal audit. 
Confused by its title many mistakenly presume the Army Corps of Engineers is in some ways a military or para-military body. Not so much. The Corps is a federal agency charged with oversight of America’s waterways. On its website the agency states that “environmental sustainability” is a “guiding principle.” Tell you all you need to know? 
Jason Hayes, Director of Environmental Policy at the Mackinac Center for Public Policy, said the 1977 amendments to the Clean Water Act specifically exempted plowing as a “normal farming activity.” The EPA is attempting to do away with that exemption. 
“The Corps even tries to argue that these newly created small mountain ranges hamper the growth and development of wetland plant species, apparently ignoring the fact that farmlands are managed to produce crops, not cattails,” Hayes said. “No reasonable regulation of the nation’s farmland can demand farmers produce crops without moving dirt, or expect farmers to produce wetland plant species instead of corn or wheat.” 
Daren Bakst, a research fellow in agricultural policy at The Heritage Foundation, said it is not surprising that the EPA and Corps claim furrowing can create small mountain ranges, “Does kicking a pebble next to water create a mini-meteor? Is a puddle a mini-ocean? Who knows?” Bakst wrote. 
The Senate report concludes that if the EPA and Corps of Engineers interpretations were allowed, “most if not all plowing” would be considered a “discharge of a pollutant” and require a federal permit. Get that – U.S. farmers required to file for and obtain federal permits in order to plow their own land . And if you think those permits are going to be free or even cheap I’ve got a bridge you may be interested in. 
Because this is what liberalism does. 
If allowed to stand, in ten years those permits will be too expensive for all but the wealthiest of corporate-run farms and ranches. Why? All because of the left’s insatiable war on “global warming.” They don’t care how many coal-working families are put out of work, how many birds of prey are killed , nor how many family farmers are forced into bankruptcy. NOTHING is more sacred than the war against their boogeyman, climate change.",0
3451,Trying to Get Past Airport Security Faster? Get in Line - The New York Times,"Officials at the Transportation Security Administration thought they had the solution for long lines at airports: PreCheck, a program that allowed people to move through security without taking off their shoes or removing electronics from their luggage. It has not worked as planned. Customers who apply for the program, which requires a fee of $85 and a background check, say they continue to face long waits to obtain the PreCheck clearance. Such delays could grow worse because the number of people signing up for PreCheck has more than tripled in the last few months, climbing to 16, 000 a day on average in May, agency officials said. That surge has led to long delays in processing applications. Dozens of passengers who have recently tried to sign up for PreCheck say they have been given appointments for the   interviews needed to complete the process that are weeks or even months away. Vance Hiner of St. Louis said he was put on a   waiting list at  . Louis International Airport to complete his enrollment. “The process of looking at my face and verifying that my passport and driver’s license match could be done by literally any   airport staffer,” he said in an email. Roger Golliver of Beaverton, Ore. a suburb of Portland, said his wife signed up for the PreCheck program in March. But she had to wait months for an interview. “The earliest she could find was a July date in Seattle,” he said. Seattle is about a   drive from Portland. Officials at the T. S. A. and MorphoTrust USA, the company that handles all PreCheck applications, say they are aware of the problems and are working to increase the number of enrollment centers while hiring additional people to deal with the surge in applications. “We are adding as much capacity as quickly as possible,” said John Sammon, the chief marketing officer for the T. S. A. Charles Carroll, senior vice president for identity services at MorphoTrust, said the company was hiring additional staff to bolster its efforts at the 14 biggest airports, including in New York and Chicago, where 450 passengers at Chicago O’Hare International Airport missed their flights last month because of long lines. “We’re in emergency response mode,” Mr. Carroll said. “T. S. A. was caught off guard by the size and amount of people traveling. ” The agency has made some improvements in reducing wait times at airports. It has increased overtime for screeners and moved dozens of   dog teams to larger airports from smaller ones. On the busy Memorial Day weekend, few travelers reported a long wait. More help is on the way. This year, Congress allowed the agency to use $34 million to hire nearly 800 new screeners. And lawmakers recently approved an additional $28 million that will allow the agency to convert 2, 784 screeners from part time to full time, which will add 53 security lanes at the nation’s airports. Some members of Congress and many in the travel industry wonder if the efforts will be sustainable throughout the peak of summer travel. “T. S. A. cannot continue to rely on temporary   by moving around limited Homeland Security dollars,” said Representative Bennie Thompson, Democrat of Mississippi. John S. Pistole, the former T. S. A. administrator who started the PreCheck program, argued that using   intelligence to screen and move   passengers through security checkpoints was a better way to protect airports. Information provided by those who sign up for PreCheck is checked against the F. B. I. ’s criminal history databases as well as several terrorist screening databases and   lists. The initial challenge was the reverse of today: The T. S. A. could not persuade enough people to sign up for PreCheck, and at many airports the PreCheck lanes were empty as regular security lines backed up. So the agency started a program called managed inclusion, which allowed people who had not signed up for the program to go through expedited screening when regular lines grew long. An investigation by the Department of Homeland Security’s Office of Inspector General found that screeners allowed investigators with fake bombs and weapons to pass through checkpoints in 95 percent of the tests, a finding first reported by ABC News last year. Peter V. Neffenger, who took over the agency last July, ended the practice of managed inclusion. But fixing that problem has contributed to the long security lines that the agency is now trying to solve. On Wednesday, Kelly Hoggan, who had been the assistant administrator for the Office of Security Operations for the T. S. A. since 2013, resigned. Mr. Hoggan had been reassigned in May after a backlash over long security lines at airports and congressional scrutiny of thousands of dollars in bonuses he had received. Jeh Johnson, the secretary of Homeland Security, is trying to enlist help from the private sector to persuade more people to sign up for PreCheck. In a letter to the 100 largest American companies, he asked that they reimburse employees for signing up for expedited screening programs. The agency is also seeking additional vendors, in addition to MorphoTrust, to help process PreCheck enrollment. Still, it is unclear if those efforts will be enough to reduce the long lines expected at airports this summer.",0
3452,Error'd: Does Anyone Here Speak CSS?,"Besides contributing at @TheDailyWTF, I write DevDisasters for Visual Studio Magazine, and involved in various side projects including child rearing and marriage. 
""If you ask me, it's not just English speakers that GSMArena is in need of,"" wrote Aankhen . 

""This Israeli burger chain offers a simplified menu for its customers,"" writes Shawn A. 

Mark H. writes, ""Wow! How did this site know I have hemorrhoids?"" 

""I know EULAs are meant to be obscure, but this is taking it to a new level,"" wrote Vladimir B. 

Joshua O. writes, ""And here I thought 'bug fixes and improvements' were as low as release notes could get."" 

""Well, it looks like Thunderbird is going to be busy for a while,"" wrote Josh H. 

Andrew C. writes, ""Sherman's pretty spry for an 88-year-old!"" 
[Advertisement] Release! is a light card game about software and the people who make it. Play with 2-5 people, or up to 10 with two copies - only $9.95 shipped!",0
3453,University of Texas Students Find the Absurd in a New Gun Law - The New York Times,"AUSTIN, Tex.  —   On the first day of classes at the University of Texas in this city that revels in its own oddball creativity, students protested a law allowing concealed handguns on state college campuses by carrying something they thought was just as ridiculous and out of place: Thousands of sex toys. “These laws won’t protect anyone. The campus doesn’t want them,” said an organizer of the protest, Jessica Jin. “It’s absurd. So, I thought, we have to fight absurdity with absurdity. ” On Wednesday, Ms. Jin, a recent graduate who majored in violin, helped distribute brightly colored dildos to hundreds of students gathered to protest the law that took effect Aug. 1. Their plan was to carry the toys openly to class, attached to their backpacks, to show that they think that guns have no place on campus and could stifle the open exchange of ideas. “For the state to deny research about gun safety and allow this in classrooms is kind of obscene,” Ms. Jin said. “What better way to show how we feel?” Texas has long issued concealed handgun permits but banned guns from college campuses. After repeated efforts, the   State Legislature passed a law in 2015 lifting the ban. Similar laws and court rulings have allowed guns onto campuses in a handful of others states in recent years, including Idaho and Colorado. The chancellor of the University of Texas system and the president of the flagship university in Austin have said that they are against guns on campus but that they have no choice but to implement the law. Some faculty members say the administration is trying to limit the effect of gun laws while not antagonizing state lawmakers for fear of future legislation that could loosen gun laws on campus even more. Many students have not been so acquiescent. Rather than turn to traditional marches or   millennials raised on satirical news programs like “The Daily Show” have turned instead to satire as the most sincere form of expression. The campaign is a protest in the age of Instagram  —   neatly packaged and ready to go viral. Students took selfies with their new toys and shot video of crowds chanting, with the toys raised like fists. Then Roy Wood Jr. a correspondent for “The Daily Show” who travels the country doing satirical sketches, appeared to cheers of the smitten students. With a camera crew trailing him, and a producer shooing   Instagram users out of the way, Mr. Wood led the crowd on a march that veered from ridiculous to dead serious. The police stood nearby, perplexed but not alarmed. Texas law makes open carry of the sex toy potentially illegal, Bob Harkins, an associate vice president for the campus safety, said, but only if people act obscenely. The police had no plans, he added, to arrest anyone for using the toy to make a political point. “They’ve certainly gotten attention,” Joan Neuberger, a professor of Russian history said of the campaign. Some professors, she said, had been circulating petitions and drafting condemnations, but the students have been much more effective. “Legally, we have probably lost, at least for now. But culturally, they do a lot to stigmatize the behavior  —   to say you may have a right, but guns are not acceptable here. ” Students in favor of guns on campus have been notably quiet on Wednesday. Though a spokesman for the nationwide group Students for Campus Carry said it had several members on the campus of 50, 000, Brian Bensimon, who identified himself as the group’s lone member at the university, said the local chapter was “essentially defunct. ” On Wednesday. Mr. Bensimon silently held up a sign amid the protesters, suggesting a peaceful coexistence. “I may be out of step with this campus,” Mr. Bensimon, a government major, said. “But I’m not out of step with this state. ”",0
3454,The Real ‘Elite’ are the Authentic Men and Women,"representing the most choice or select; best: an elite group of authors. 
The first definition found at the embedded link states that: ‘the choice or best of anything considered collectively, as of a group or class of persons’. 
What is ‘the choice or best of’ referring to in the context of humanity? In our current age of information and consciousness expansion, we’ve reached a beautiful balance where we know both scientifically and philosophically that we are all an individual expression of the one thing. This means that no one is inherently ‘better’ than anyone else, however it is also true that we are all developed in different ways and to various degrees. 
Therefore, even though no one is fundamentally better than anyone else, we may be more advanced than another person in specific ways, such as compassion, but they might for example be more refined in communication than we are. 
This is where the authentic person comes in. If we aim to connect with both our strengths and weaknesses, and are ‘real’ to ourselves in response, we are a genuine person who recognizes that we are not better than others, we are simply on our own journey of empowerment and awakening, just like everyone else is. 
Simply, the ‘best of’ humanity are those individuals who not just face themselves for who they really are, but create with it too, instead of looking down on others for whatever reason they feel justified to make themselves feel better about themselves. 
The result? Unity and community, not disconnection and degradation. 
The second definition is ‘persons of the highest class’. 
Now of course class is not referring to material wealth, for as we all should know by now the monetary system is a scam, people consistently inherit blood money and there are many sickos who hoard wealth and use it to obtain power and resources in unhealthy and undeveloped ways. 
Therefore, class in this context should refer to the definition ‘of high quality, integrity, status, or style’. When we consider high quality human traits, this translates into a person or group of persons who don’t just apply respect and honor towards themselves, but also their fellow-man and the environment they live in. 
And that obviously reflects the authentic person. 
The third and final definition which is relevant to this discussion is ‘a group of persons exercising the major share of authority or influence within a larger group’. 
This one can be better understood by beginning with the concept that real power isn’t power over others, it’s self-empowerment. Simply, real authority is honoring our self-determining power, which then transforms into respecting it in others. 
In addition, most people in the truth movement understand that law does not necessarily equal ethics, which means that anybody who makes or enforces law is not guaranteed automatic respect, like they somewhat used to be. That’s not to say they don’t deserve respect, because many who work for our sick system are just ignorant to what they truly stand for and are doing their best with the understanding they have to provide a genuine community service. 
Regardless, the so-called authority in our society is not really authority at all. 
Ultimately, those individuals who are authentically connecting with and representing the expansion of our collective consciousness are the real power brokers, the real influence, in our society. This elite level of authority may be subtle, instead of explicit, but make no mistake: it is the most powerful and influential form of authority in our current age. Final Thoughts 
Humanity is moving towards an unprecedented stage of it’s collective consciousness, where truth and individual sovereignty will inevitably reign supreme. This expansion has not just been decades, but centuries in the making. 
Given the opposite is also true, where a new dark age of deception is upon us, it takes a highly empowered individual to rise above the lies of the official narratives to genuinely connect with not just the greater truths of the external world, but the internal realm too. 
These individuals are the genuine group of elite humans who we should all look to for not leadership, but guidance in becoming our own more authentic self. 
Moreover, no one is fully awake to the realities and ongoing creation of our world. The authentic man or woman may be an example for us to aspire to, but no one is or ever will be without an opportunity to further enrich their state of awareness, including how it’s translated into their actions. 
In this sense, we’re all the same. We’re all imperfectly perfect. About the Author 
Phillip J. Watt lives in Australia. His written work deals with topics from ideology to society, as well as self-development. Follow him on Facebook or visit his website . This article ( The Real ‘Elite’ are the Authentic Men and Women   by Phillip J. Watt and is re-posted here with permission.  ",0
3455,"Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: ’La La Land’ Sends ’Bigoted Message,’ ’Misleads’ on Race and Jazz - Breitbart","NBA great and cultural commentator Kareem   writes a column for the Hollywood Reporter in which he examines the   hit film La La Land and how it “misleads” on issues of race, romance and jazz. [From the Hollywood Reporter:  A recent Saturday Night Live skit depicts two   cops yelling at a handcuffed man they just arrested because he didn’t think La La Land was great. “It dragged in the middle,” he complains. “You sick son of a bitch!” one cop barks. “You disgust me!” This pretty much distills the rift in American pop culture that is nearly as contentious as the rift in American politics. As someone who finds La La Land bold, daring and deserving of all its critical and financial success, I can also admit that there are a few elements that warrant closer examination, particularly regarding its portrayal of jazz, romance and people of color. In fact, the better a work of art is, the more we must dissect it, because now we’re not just measuring Rotten Tomatoes popularity or boffo box office, we’re assessing its proper place in our cultural canon. No, I don’t think the film needs more black people.   Damien Chazelle should tell the story as he sees fits with whatever ethnic arrangement he desires. However, it is fair to question his color wheel when it involves certain historical elements  —   such as jazz.   …     The white guy wants to preserve the black roots of jazz while the black guy is the sellout? This could be a deliberate ironic twist, but if it is, it’s a distasteful one for  . One legitimate complaint that marginalized people (women, people of color, Muslims, the LGBT community, etc.) have had about Hollywood in the past is that when they were portrayed, it was done in a negative way. The ditzy blonde, the Muslim terrorist, the gay predator are all familiar stereotypes from years of TV and movies. So much has been done in recent years to overcome those debasing images, but we still have to be careful. It’s not that a black man can’t be the sellout or the drug dealer, it’s just that they shouldn’t be if they’re the only prominent black character in the story. Whether it’s intentional or unintentional, that sends a bigoted message rippling through our society.   …     Read the full column at the Hollywood Reporter.",0
3456,"Ending Speculation, Black College Says Band Will Play at Inaugural Parade - The New York Times","TALLADEGA, Ala.  —   For a band at a tiny,   historically black college, it seems in some ways to be the gig of a lifetime: a chance to march and perform at the Jan. 20 presidential inaugural parade in Washington. Some of the musicians at Talladega College have been excited to see the capital for the first time. But because the   is Donald J. Trump, the school has become the subject of an impassioned national outcry, with online petitions, threats to end donations and a flurry of    from alumni who feel that performing in the parade would betray the values of an institution founded by newly freed slaves 150 years ago. On Thursday, after days of speculation that the college administration might bow to the pressure and remove the band from the parade roster, the president of Talladega College, Billy Hawkins, issued a statement confirming the participation of the band, the Marching Tornadoes, and argued, in essence, that the 58th presidential inauguration is about something bigger than Mr. Trump. “We respect and appreciate how our students and alumni feel about our participation in this parade,” Dr. Hawkins said. “As many of those who chose to participate in the parade have said, we feel the inauguration of a new president is not a political event but a civil ceremony celebrating the transfer of power. ” Similar issues have been raised about other entertainers scheduled to perform, among them the Radio City Rockettes and the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. But because of Talladega’s history, the issues have been especially intense here, with calls for the college to reverse its decision to take part in the festivities. And beyond Talladega, the controversies raise tough questions for Mr. Trump’s most ardent critics as his presidency dawns: What is the proper response to a president as polarizing as Mr. Trump? Should the office of the president be honored, no matter who fills it? Or should there be four years of pure rejection and defiance? And if Mr. Trump’s opponents refuse to participate in his presidency, can critics on the right do the same thing to some other   in the future? To a number of Talladega alumni, the Dec. 30 announcement that the band would march in the parade was an insult to the very principles of the college, which was established two years after the end of the Civil War. The school is affiliated with the United Church of Christ, a liberal Protestant denomination that was deeply involved in the civil rights movement, and for decades it served as an incubator for theories and practices of social justice. Nikky Finney, a poet and Talladega graduate who is now a professor at the University of South Carolina, said in a statement this week that the band should not help celebrate Mr. Trump, who, she said, has maligned women and Mexican immigrants and has proposed barring all Muslims from entering the country. In an interview on Thursday, Ms. Finney, channeling a James Brown lyric, said the college had “sold out the history of Talladega College for chicken change” and “maybe a tin star on a hatemonger’s parade route. ” As of Thursday afternoon, an online petition calling for the band to withdraw from the inaugural parade had attracted more than 1, 900 signers, some of them supporters of the college who have threatened to withhold future contributions. But a second petition, which had nearly 300 supporters, argued that the parade was not about politics but “about seeing firsthand the process of a transition” and giving the students a chance to be a part of history. “We are not   thinkers and believe everyone is entitled” to their own beliefs, it stated. “However, we are in support of the United States of America. ” As the debate heated up this week in online forums for students and alumni, the leadership at the private,   college hunkered down to consider how best to proceed. The campus police ordered reporters off the   campus. Brief interviews with a few band members on Tuesday evening revealed a group divided. Jerome Haynes, 18, a freshman who plays the snare drum, said he hoped politics would not get in the way of an exciting opportunity for the band. In contrast, Ronald Peterson, 21, a sophomore who plays cymbals, said he was going to talk to the director about staying home. “I feel that those who are not Republicans should not have to play for it,” he said. On Thursday afternoon, some students said the administration had done the right thing, despite the protests from alumni. Antonio Phillips, 24, a senior and a drum major, welcomed the exposure. “We’re musicians, so this is a good platform for us to showcase our talent in front of the world,” he said. His friend Ken Randolph, 20, a junior who is not in the band, said the concerns of alumni like Ms. Finney “weigh heavily on the students of Talladega. ” But he said Mr. Trump might benefit from the exposure to a black art form. “This is a part of our culture,” Mr. Randolph said. “With it being on his front doorstep, he might be able to apprehend the vibe and the culture. ” That drama in Talladega, a city of 15, 000 about an hour’s drive east of Birmingham, played out as black activists, including the N. A. A. C. P. president, Cornell William Brooks, were arrested on Tuesday in Mobile in a   action at the office of Senator Jeff Sessions, the Alabama Republican nominated to be attorney general in the Trump administration. Mr. Sessions, who is white, was rejected by the Senate for a federal judgeship in 1986 after he was accused of making racially insensitive statements. To some Talladega alumni, the possibility that policies long opposed by   could now be enacted by a   Congress and executive branch was what made the notion of a black band marching for Mr. Trump seem so distasteful. “There’s a great deal of fear in this country that the Voting Rights Act is going to be abolished, that the Affordable Care Act is going to be abolished, that Planned Parenthood is going to be cut off from funding, that Medicaid is going be cut off from funding,” said J. Mason Davis, a Birmingham lawyer who graduated from the college in 1956. “Don’t you understand why we have a fear of the man?” Donavon Jackson, 24, a former trumpet player in the band who graduated last year, said performing as part of the inauguration would be particularly special for a college of about 1, 000 students whose band program is only about five years old. The school does not have a football team, which makes parade invitations all the more important. “I’m honored to go to a school that can say they marched in an inauguration parade,” said Mr. Jackson, who received a chemistry degree and now lives in Houston. “Not necessarily for the person  —   and that’s not necessarily saying he’s a bad person. ” In the statement on Thursday, school officials said they still faced the “challenge” of raising more than $60, 000 to cover expenses for the trip. The population of the city of Talladega is divided about evenly between blacks and whites, and to a visitor, it can feel like a place where racial harmony and discord coexist on seemingly parallel planes. Whites speak with pride about the historic black college downtown  —   though one white person was overheard on Wednesday warning of a liberal plot to foment a “race war” so that President Obama might declare martial law before the inauguration. While some residents said the band should stay home, and others said it should attend the event in Washington, a few spoke harshly of Mr. Trump while hoping the inauguration would help the band get noticed  —   something the city, which was bypassed by the interstate highway system, has struggled with in recent decades. Bonquita McClellan, 26, manages her father’s restaurant, Big Mac’s Open Pit BBQ, near campus. Ms. McClellan, who is black, said the disdain for Mr. Trump among her   peers was universal. “If anybody would have had us in concentration camps,” she said, “it’d be him. ” But she also said the band should go and make a name for itself in the nation’s capital. “How often,” she asked, “does Talladega College get a chance to play for the president?” Up the street at a real estate office near the   courthouse, Randy and Heather Roberts, a white couple who voted for Mr. Trump, raved about the Talladega College band and its performance at the Dec. 5 Christmas parade. Ms. Roberts showed a video of the band on her phone. “They were phenomenal,” Ms. Roberts said. Ms. Roberts, 41, said she grew up with black and white friends. Mr. Roberts, 48, said he and his wife were pleased to cater to their multiracial clientele. But when they spoke about politics, the couple sounded like people who knew something was broken but did not know how it might be fixed. “It is not going to be pleasant for the next four years,” Ms. Roberts said. “It is going to be a battle. ”",0
3457,Tony Blair helpfully describes Remain voters as ‘insurgents’,"Tony Blair helpfully describes Remain voters as ‘insurgents’ 28-10-16 
TONY Blair has helped out British politics by calling Remain voters ‘insurgents’ who must ‘mobilise’. 
Both sides of the Brexit debate have thanked the former prime minister for framing it in loaded terms that will bring out the best in everyone. 
Healthcare worker Helen Archer said: “Let’s see. So on one side we’ve got the Brexit crew already calling anything they don’t like treason and waving flags. 
“On the left we’ve got the disturbed followers of a cultish messiah who want the result of a popular vote to be overturned, followed by the overthrow of capitalism. 
“And a deposed ruler who started two unending wars for the sake of his ego is telling us it’s a war? 
“Great. No problem. Just checking I know where we’re headed.” 
Blair said: “My primary role, in and out of government, has been to boost sales for the UK arms industry and that will not change.” 
Share:",0
3458,Hillaryous! Clinton adviser Neera Tanden wonders why FBI didn’t take ‘stock’ of the situation before acting,"Hillaryous! Clinton adviser Neera Tanden wonders why FBI didn’t take ‘stock’ of the situation before acting Posted at 10:  Share on Facebook Share on Twitter 
Even though many on the Left were furious with James Comey for informing Congress that the Hillary Clinton investigation would continue in light of new information that involves Anthony Weiner, the FBI director reportedly acted when he did to get ahead of anticipated “leaks” in the case: Fascinating look at James Comey's thinking, by @SariHorwitz https://t.co/58sppjfU5n pic.twitter.com/D92TLaEpKn 
— Abby D. Phillip (@abbydphillip) October 29, 2016 
Neera Tanden, Center for American Progress president and member of the Clinton 2016 transition team, worried about a residual effect from the FBI’s announcement: Shouldn't we be concerned FBI takes actions that send stocks falling in order to avoid their own leaks?And we don't know if any emails new. https://t.co/cnYks9iqmj 
— Neera Tanden (@neeratanden) October 29, 2016 
“Think of the stock market” isn’t the FBI’s motto: Yes, the FBI should take the stock market into proper consideration before they try to enforce the law https://t.co/O8zqY89j0R",0
3459,Twenty Years of a Dictatorial Democracy,"Written by James Bovard   2016 election campaign is mortifying millions of Americans in part because the presidency has become far more dangerous in recent times. Since Sept. 11, 2001, we have lived in a perpetual emergency, which supposedly justifies routinely ignoring the law and Constitution. And both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton have signaled that power grabs will proliferate in the next four years. Politicians talk as if voting magically protects the rights of everyone within a 50-mile radius of the polling booth. But the ballots Americans have cast in presidential elections since 2000 did nothing to constrain the commander in chief. President George W. Bush’s declaration in 2000 that America needed a more “humble” foreign policy did not deter him from vowing to “rid the world of evil” and launching the most catastrophic war in American history. Eight years later, Barack Obama campaigned as the candidate of peace and promised “a new birth of freedom.” But that did not stop him from bombing seven nations, claiming a right to assassinate American citizens, and championing Orwellian total surveillance. Mr. Bush was famous for “signing statements” decrees that nullified hundreds of provisions of laws enacted by Congress. President Obama is renowned for unilaterally and endlessly rewriting laws such as the Affordable Care Act to postpone political backlashes against the Democratic Party and for effectively waiving federal immigration law. Both Mr. Bush and Mr. Obama exploited the “state secrets doctrine” to shield their most controversial policies from the American public. While many conservatives applauded Mr. Bush’s power grabs, many liberals cheered Mr. Obama’s decrees. After 16 years of Bush-Obama, the federal government is far more arbitrary and lethal. Richard Nixon’s maxim — “it’s not illegal if the president does it” — is the lodestar for commanders in chief in the new century. There is no reason to expect the next president to be less power hungry than the last two White House occupants. Both Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton can be expected to trample the First Amendment. Mr. Trump has talked of shutting down mosques and changing libel laws to make it far more perilous for the media to reveal abuses by the nation’s elite. Mrs. Clinton was in the forefront of an administration that broke all records for prosecuting leakers and journalists who exposed government abuses. She could smash the remnants of the Freedom of Information Act like her aides hammered her Blackberry phones to obliterate her email trail. Neither candidate seems to recognize any limit on presidential power. Mr. Trump calls for reviving the brutal interrogation methods of the George W. Bush era. Mrs. Clinton opposes torture but believes presidents have a right to launch wars whenever they decide it is in the national interest. After Mrs. Clinton helped persuade Mr. Obama to bomb Libya in 2011, she signaled that the administration would scorn any congressional cease-and-desist order under the War Powers Act. If Americans could be confident that either Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton would be leashed by the law, there would be less dread about who wins in November. But elections are becoming simply coronations via vote counts. The president will take an oath of office on Inauguration Day, but then can do as he or she pleases. We now have a political system which is nominally democratic but increasingly authoritarian. The rule of Law has been defined down to finding a single federal lawyer to write a secret memo vindicating the president’s latest unpublished executive order. By the end of the next presidential term, America will have had almost a 20-year stretch of dictatorial democracy. Our rulers’ disdain for the highest law of the land is torpedoing the citizenry’s faith in representative government. Forty percent of registered voters have “lost faith in American democracy,” according to recent Survey Monkey poll. The United States may be on the verge of the biggest legitimacy crisis since the Civil War. Whoever wins on Nov. 8 will be profoundly distrusted even before being sworn in. The combination of a widely detested new president and unrestrained power almost guarantees greater crises in the coming years. Neither Mr. Trump nor Mrs. Clinton are promising to “make America constitutional again.” But as Thomas Jefferson declared in 1786, “An elective despotism was not the government we fought for.” If presidents are lawless, then voters are merely designating the most dangerous criminal in the land. James Bovard is the author of “Attention Deficit Democracy” (Palgrave, 2006) and “Lost Rights” (St. Martin’s, 1994). Reprinted with author's permission from the Washington Times . Related",0
3460,New Jersey Transit Was Under Investigation Before Fatal Crash - The New York Times,"The Federal Railroad Administration began investigating safety problems at New Jersey Transit before a fatal train crash last week, a federal rail official confirmed on Saturday. Federal officials began an audit in June of New Jersey Transit, the nation’s   commuter railroad, after noticing an increase in safety violations and a leadership vacuum at the top of the agency, said the official, who was briefed on the investigation but was not authorized to discuss it publicly. After completing the audit, the federal agency issued a series of violations to the railroad, the official said. During the busy morning commute on Thursday, a crowded New Jersey Transit train slammed into a wall at the Hoboken Terminal in New Jersey, killing a woman and injuring more than 100 people. The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the cause of the crash. As part of the earlier railroad administration audit, dozens of inspectors visited New Jersey Transit’s railroad operations in June, the official said. The federal agency often inspects railroads, but an audit is a more serious step that is not common. On Saturday, Eric Weiss, a spokesman for the safety board, said the agency would review the federal audit as part of the investigation into the crash. A spokeswoman for New Jersey Transit did not respond to a request for comment. Before the crash, the railroad administration had been considering other enforcement actions against New Jersey Transit, including a compliance agreement to require additional changes. Officials at the administration declined to comment on the audit on Saturday, citing the continuing investigation by the safety board. The railroad administration completed a similar review of   Railroad in New York after a derailment in 2013 killed four passengers and injured more than 70 people. The review found that the railroad had a poor safety culture that prioritized   performance over protecting riders and workers. On Saturday, federal investigators from the safety board were working to determine the cause of the Hoboken crash  —   the first fatal train crash on New Jersey Transit since 1996. The train’s engineer, Thomas Gallagher, was interviewed by investigators, officials said. They declined to provide details of the conversation. Investigators could not remove the train from the crash site, officials said on Saturday, because of concerns over asbestos and the structural integrity of the building part of the roof collapsed on to the train. Officials said they did not find any signal anomalies on the tracks leading to the terminal. Officials will examine the event recorder from the train to determine how fast it was traveling, and consider several possible factors, including the engineer’s actions and the maintenance on the railroad. New Jersey Transit has recently faced a series of challenges, from funding shortfalls to the lack of a permanent executive director. Veronique Hakim resigned from the post last year to join the Metropolitan Transportation Authority in New York. A former Amtrak executive appointed to the job, William Crosbie, ultimately turned it down, leaving Dennis J. Martin as an interim director. Transit advocates have criticized the agency because its board has not met in months. New Jersey lawmakers were at a stalemate recently over how to finance the state’s transportation trust fund, which pays for New Jersey Transit projects, and roads and bridges. After halting most work on transportation projects this summer, Gov. Chris Christie, a Republican, announced a deal with Democratic legislative leaders on Friday to raise the gas tax by 23 cents per gallon to finance the fund. After the crash, Mr. Christie said it was too early to know what caused the train to travel at a high speed into the station or whether the crash could have been prevented by a technology known as positive train control, which can automatically slow or stop a train. New Jersey Transit has not installed the technology, the Federal Railroad Administration said. New Jersey Transit agreed in June to pay $70, 000 in penalties for 10 safety violations found by the administration, according to its 2015 enforcement report. Two of those fines were for violations of passenger equipment safety regulations, the report shows. Reports covering the last three years show that New Jersey Transit agreed, from 2013 through 2015, to pay nearly $335, 000 in penalties for 33 violations of federal safety regulations found by the railroad administration. Ten of those fines were for violations of passenger equipment safety regulations, the reports show. Stephen Burkert, a spokesman for a union that represents New Jersey Transit rail workers, welcomed the federal agency’s safety review. At the Hoboken Terminal on Saturday afternoon, crews prepared to clear the station of debris. The whirring of buzz saws and banging of tools filled the building as crews began to remove the rubble by hand, loading the pieces into small bulldozers. New Jersey Transit train service at the terminal has been halted since the crash. The agency has not said when it would return.",0
3461,Two houses and gas pipeline damaged in Republic by 280 AFU shells - Russia News Now,"This post was originally published on this site Two residential private houses and a gas pipeline in the south of the DPR and the west of Donetsk got damaged in shellings carried out by the Ukrainian military, reported today the head of the Petrovsky district administration Maxim Zhukovsky and also the DPR security agencies. “On Lugovsky Street, 40 in Trudovskiye locality a direct shell-hit set of fire a private house,” said Maxim Zhukovsky. Besides, according to a source in the Republic’s security agencies, one more house and a gas pipeline were damaged in Kominternovo village of the Novoazovsky district. Earlier today it was reported that last night the Ukrainian punishers launched 280 artillery projectiles, tank and mortar shells onto the near-front areas of the country. In particular, under the enemy fire there also got Trudovskiye locality in the west of the capital. DONi News Agency ",0
3462,DREAMers Continue to Demand Protections from Trump DHS,"Migrants covered by former President Obama’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) continue making demands to President Donald Trump. [A group of DACA recipients gathered for a press conference in Connecticut, home to some 8, 500 DACA recipients, to express that they were “here today to let everyone know we’re not going back in the shadows,” as Connecticut Students for a Dream   Camila Bortoletto told WNPR.  “It’s a different time, it’s a tough time,” Bortoletto said. “It’s definitely a scarier time than we’ve had in the past. ” Another DACA recipient, Eric Cruz Lopez, complained that some ‘DREAMers,’ as the mainstream media has dubbed them, are being deported under Trump’s Department of Homeland Security (DHS). “DACA for a lot of undocumented immigrants meant relief, it meant protection, it meant something, it meant a win,” Lopez told the media. “But that doesn’t mean anything anymore, right? As we see DACA recipients being picked up, that   relief of deportation doesn’t mean anything to anybody anymore. ” Lopez is most likely referring to    Daniel Ramirez Medina, who was a DACA recipient that was most recently arrested by the Immigration and Customs Agency (ICE) agency after they said he is a “  gang member. ” As Breitbart Texas reported, the mainstream media covered Medina’s arrest as a plight for other DACA recipients, failing to point out his alleged gang relations across the West Coast. Connecticut’s DACA recipients are now telling others  to not apply for the program until after there is clarity on the issue from the Trump Administration. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
3463,The Trump – Epstein Rape Lawsuit,"Posted on November 3, 2016 by Michael Collins 
Donald Trump’s post election experience may be as bad or worse than the nightmare he hopes to visit on Hillary Clinton, perhaps worse. 
Jane Doe ( proceeding under a pseudonym ) filed a civil lawsuit against Donald Trump and convicted sex offender, Jeremy Epstein, for multiple acts of sexual and physical abuse, which occurred when the defendant was 13 years old. Specifically, the the plaintiff charged the defendants with: 
“Rape, sexual misconduct, criminal sexual acts, sexual abuse, forcible touching, assault, battery, intentional, and reckless inflection of emotional distress, duress, false imprisonment, and defamation.” Jane Doe v. Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey E. Epstein . 
Judge Ronnie Abrams scheduled a December 16, 2016 pretrial conference to set a timeline for the case in the U.S District Court, Southern District in Manhattan. 
The complaint argues for the use of Jane Doe rather than the plaintiff’s actual name: “This litigation involves matters that are highly sensitive and of a personal nature, and identification of Plaintiff would pose a risk of retaliatory physical harm to her and to others.” 
The heart of Jane Doe’s complaint is summarized below: 
“Plaintiff was enticed by promises of money and a modeling career to attend a series of parties, with other similarly situated minor females, held at a New York City residence that was being used by Defendant Jeffrey Epstein. … 
“Defendant Trump initiated sexual contact with Plaintiff at four different parties. On the fourth and final sexual encounter with Defendant Trump, Defendant Trump tied Plaintiff to a bed, exposed himself to Plaintiff, and then proceeded to forcibly rape Plaintiff. During the course of this savage sexual attack, Plaintiff loudly pleaded with Defendant Trump to stop but with no effect. Defendant Trump responded to Plaintiff’s pleas by violently striking Plaintiff in the face with his open hand and screaming that he would do whatever he wanted. Exhs. A and B.” Jane Doe v. Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey E. Epstein . 
The complaint against Epstein describes behavior similar to that of Trump. 
Epstein – a convicted sex offender 
Palm Beach, Florida investigators produced a probable cause affidavit in 2006 that documented Jeffrey Epstein’s “unlawful sexual activity with” 4 minors and “lewd and lascivious molestation.” The crimes took place at Epstein’s Palm Beach mansion where he entertained lavishly. 
Epstein hired Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershhowitz and former special prosecutor Kenneth Starr as his defense team. Even though FBI and other investigations accumulated a victim list of 40 underage girls in Florida , the case was settled in 2008 when Epstein pleaded guilty to one count of soliciting prostitution from underage girls. He was sentenced to 18 months, served 13, and had to register as a risk level 3-sex offender in New York (the highest level). 
Trump – brags about close friendship with Epstein 
Before Epstein’s legal problems, Trump did a 2002 interview in New York Magazine in which he described a long-term relationship with Epstein. 
“I’ve known Jeff for fifteen years. Terrific guy. He’s a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it — Jeffrey enjoys his social life.” New York Magazine 
Trump had Epstein at a guest at his Florida mansion and Epstein had Trump as a guest as his estates in Florida and New York. 
Will the case go forward if Trump wins the election? 
If the case is not dismissed, the scheduling conference on the December 16 will outline various tasks and dates over the first few months of 2017, including the dates for the inauguration of the 45 th President of the United States. If that happens to be Donald Trump, there is nothing to prevent the trial from going forward. The Supreme Court decision in the Bill Clinton – Paula Jones case established the right of citizens to sue presidents in civil court for acts committed prior to taking office. 
If the case moves forward, the evidence in the exhibits and subsequent information, the quality of representation at trial, and the judge and jury are the central factors that will determine if a sitting president or losing presidential candidate will do some serious time for the heinous crimes alleged. Unlike the original Epstein case, the visibility for this matter is so high, backroom deals for the rich and famous will be virtually impossible.",0
3464,Минобороны: огонь боевиков помешал вывести 40 жителей восточного Алеппо,"27 октября 2016, 05:59 Огонь снайперов помешал вывести около 40 жителей восточных кварталов Алеппо в безопасные районы, заявляют в Минобороны. 
«Из-за снайперского огня боевиков сорвана очередная попытка представителей сирийских властей и российского Центра примирения вывезти около 40 мирных жителей восточных кварталов Алеппо в безопасные районы города», — приводит РИА Новости текст заявления представителя ведомства, генерал-майора Игоря Конашенкова. 
По его словам, несмотря на то, что «самолёты ВКС России и ВВС Сирии девятые сутки не совершают никаких полетов ближе 10-километровой зоны вокруг Алеппо», террористы продолжают вести «беспорядочные обстрелы жилых кварталов города, пресекая выход мирных жителей по действующим гуманитарным коридорам». 
Полёты российских ВКС и ВВС Сирии над Алеппо были прекращены 18 октября. 
Ранее в Минобороны заявили , что гуманитарные паузы в городе могут быть возобновлены впервые с 24 октября, если международные организации предоставят Москве гарантии, что из удерживаемых боевиками районов сирийского мегаполиса будет эвакуировано мирное население. Подписывайтесь на наш Telegram , чтобы быть в курсе самых важных новостей. Для этого достаточно иметь Telegram на любом устройстве, пройти по ссылке и нажать кнопку Join.",0
3465,"Under Fire: White House Staff Claims See-Through Fence, Levee Flood Protection System Is a ‘Border Wall’","President Donald Trump’s White House communications team is claiming inaccurately that there is border wall funding in the spending bill before Congress right now. The move comes as the administration is facing political heat for the failure to obtain federal appropriations in the new omnibus spending bill to pay for the construction of a border wall, as President Trump promised on the campaign trail. [The latest controversy began with White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer Tweeting out photos of a levee wall along the border and   border fence that illegal aliens and drug and human traffickers regularly cut through. Spicer argued, without calling any of them a “wall” like the one Trump promised on the campaign trail, that the president “just negotiated a spending deal where we can build these. ” He explicitly did not call the photos a “border wall” on his Twitter account.  . @POTUS just negotiated a spending deal where we can build these pic. twitter.   —   Sean Spicer (@PressSec) May 2, 2017,  Technically, Spicer’s Tweet is accurate. The spending bill, which funds the government until the end of the fiscal year, does account for the construction of levee walls and extra steel fencing, but that is far short of the president’s campaign promise of an actual border wall. But what Spicer did next was highly problematic and potentially hurts President Trump’s efforts to succeed later in the year in delivering an actual border wall when the next spending bill comes up in September. Spicer directed one of his deputies, Lindsay Walters, to call Breitbart News and pitch the photos in Spicer’s Tweet as a “border wall. ” Noting that Spicer directed her to call Breitbart News and argue that the photos represent a “border wall,” Walters pushed back when Breitbart News argued that a   fence and a levee wall do not constitute a “border wall” that fulfills President Trump’s campaign promise. “There are two types of walls, a levee wall and a bollard wall,” Walters said in a   email. “Both of which will help secure our borders. ” Technically, levee walls —  or flood walls —  are common parts of levees designed to deal with flooding. The Rio Grande river constitutes much of the U. S.  border, so levees —  and “levee walls” as Walters argued —  are a part of that. They are not meant for border security, but rather for flood management. But, Walters said in a   email that “A bollard wall and levee wall of this scale will prevent illegal immigrants from crossing the border. ” Walters and Spicer and others in the White House communications office have not answered why Spicer’s original Tweet did not include the term “wall” or “border wall,” but rather described them as “these. ” This all came after an earlier press briefing in which Spicer was flanked by Office of Management and Budget (OMB) director Mick Mulvaney and Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly. Kelly reiterated the president’s commitment to building a real wall on the border and laid out his plans to do so. Mulvaney held up photographs of the steel fencing, claiming that was an improvement. Lack of progress on a border wall ahead of the 2018 midterm elections would likely hurt Republicans in what would otherwise be a chance at another GOP landslide given the 2018 Senate map. And if there is lack of border wall progress by 2020, Trump could face a loss of his hardcore supporters in the Rust Belt from states like Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin —  states he turned red for the first time in years thanks to promises to once and for all secure the border. It is perhaps debatable how much Trump could have gotten this   out of the Democrats in Congress —  who he rightfully ripped in his speech in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, this weekend as being complicit with drug cartels and gangs like   for blocking the wall for now. Some in his base would likely be willing to forgive him not funding the wall or starting construction until September or October, the next funding bill   especially since the wall would become a clear election year issue heading into the midterms when Democrats who opposed it would need to explain to their constituents why they are against securing the border and protecting the country. The real issue here is that at least some of President Trump’s staff and many Republicans   are not serving him well or interested in implementing his agenda, many Trump allies inside and outside the White House told Breitbart News. Walters and Spicer have not answered multiple   questions on whether or not they are working out a plan to get funding for a real wall in September and are prepared for this next political battle which could have dire implications for the president and his agenda. Trump allies who spoke with Breitbart News made very clear that they do not view this as the president’s fault, noting instead that Trump would be much better served if his team were better prepared on these matters —  not just the communications team, but the congressional relations and government staffing teams as well. “The greatest negotiator in the world did not fail the people that got him elected,” one Trump ally who regularly communicates with the president and his inner circle told Breitbart News. “His staff, more specifically the liberal staffers who do not know why or how he was elected, have failed his base. They dominate his ear and fail to give him the full scope of the disasters that are about to transpire, and more often than not they have proven that their loyalty lies not with Donald Trump but instead with Speaker Paul Ryan. ” Interestingly, one question Breitbart News has repeatedly asked Spicer over the course of several weeks is whether he is more loyal to Ryan or to Trump. He has refused to answer it. Walters, meanwhile, when on the phone with Breitbart News on Tuesday afternoon, acknowledged the question when Breitbart News asked it again and requested an answer from Spicer as to whether he is more loyal to Trump or Ryan. She said she would try to get one. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said this week that President Trump himself, and the White House overall, were not very involved in working on this bill —  and that congressional Republicans took the lead, hence the Democrat wins and GOP failures. Schumer also advocated that Trump stay out of the next funding bill battle ahead of September, almost goading the president into a budget war. That is Trump’s next big test: Can he, now that he is familiar with the levers of power, successfully negotiate payment for a border wall in the next spending bill? Or can he find another way to get it done? Next time around, with the midterms looming, he may pay a steep price for politically outsourcing these projects to Capitol Hill leadership like Ryan —  people who have a proven track record of failing him —  or to staff who have repeatedly dropped the ball. “The presidency has receded,” one senior GOP congressional aide told Breitbart News. “I’ve never seen anything like it. The administration is not involved in major discussions anymore. It’s President Ryan and   Mark Meadows leading the way on major negotiations. ” Rick Manning, the president of Americans for Limited Government and a top outside Trump ally, concurred. “It is tragic that this funding bill reflects Paul Ryan’s priorities but bears zero resemblance to those put forth by President Trump,” Manning said in an email. “If Paul Ryan is allowed to continue imposing his will, the President’s agenda will never get done and the GOP’s legitimacy to lead will be lost. ” “This is not what we voted for or supported,” a   GOP donor who has contributed in the    in the last election cycle added. “We thought we were getting President Trump. Now we’re getting President Ryan. Not sure we are better off with Hillary or Paul Ryan. ” “President Ryan is making liberals blush with gratitude,” a   Senate GOP aide also told Breitbart News. “A tale as old as time, Republicans sell out and give Democrats an early Christmas. ”",0
3466,Gingrich: ‘Hollywood Is So Enraged at Donald Trump That They Can’t Be Funny’ - Breitbart,"On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” while discussing both Stephen Colbert‘s and Jimmy Kimmel’s political monologues, former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich called Hollywood “enraged” and added “that they can’t be funny” because of it.  Gingrich said, “The second one is part of the left’s whole mythology. If you show up at a hospital with a brand new baby and the brand new baby has a heart problem, the doctors at the hospital do everything they can to save the baby. They don’t say we will take care of the baby after you write a check, they try to save the baby’s life. That’s true across the board in this country. That is just part of the mythology of the left. The problem you have with humor in America today is that Hollywood is so enraged at Donald Trump that they can’t be funny. All they’ve got is pure anger. And that’s what’s coming out in this stuff. They think it must be funny because they’re called comedians, so they exhibit their anger, as almost a pathology, on   television, and you are supposed to laugh because after all, they are comedians. They ain’t funny ’cause they’re too angry to be funny. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
3467,FBI Folds: Comey Announces No Criminal Charges Against Hillary Clinton,"Leave a reply Mike Adams – Under FBI head James Comey, who has deliberately and clearly conspired to cover up the enormous number of crimes committed by Hillary Clinton and her closest staffers, the FBI’s investigation of additional emails is now concluded. “We have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in July with respect to Secretary Clinton,” Comey announced today. 
With this decision, James Comey essentially announces that the tyranny of criminal government in Washington is now complete . 
The rule of law has just been declared null and void by the head of the FBI. No sufficiently powerful person in Washington will ever be held accountable for their crimes… including crimes of treason against the nation, bribery, corruption, destruction of evidence and selling government influence. 
Unless something reverses very quickly, the FBI has now cemented its position as nothing more than a corrupt branch of a totalitarian criminal regime that has seized power in Washington to protect the criminal class of political elitists who rule over the nation as lawless tyrants. 
Now, it’s up to rogue FBI agents or the NYPD to go public with the evidence they have and expose the horrifying truth about what the Clintons really are, pedophilia and all. If that fails, my analysis says we may see a rapid ramping up of real talk of open revolt , perhaps even leading to an armed citizens’ march on Washington to depose the criminal regime in power. As I’ve pointed out before, that effort would only require a few thousand armed citizens to achieve the occupation of key government buildings and the overthrow of the criminals in power. Sadly, it would also involve tremendous bloodshed and loss of life. (Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that.) 
Here’s the letter James Comey sent out today: I write to supplement my October 28, 2016 letter that notified you the FBI would be taking additional investigative steps with respect to former Secretary of State Clinton’s use of a personal email server. Since my letter, the FBI investigative team has been working around the clock to process and review a large volume of emails from a device obtained in connection with an unrelated criminal investigation. During that process, we reviewed all of the communications that were to or from Hillary Clinton while she was Secretary of State. Based on our review, we have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in July with respect to Secretary Clinton. I am very grateful to the professionals at the FBI for doing an extraordinary amount f high-quality work in a short period of time. Source: UK Daily Mail . SF Source Natural News  ",0
3468,Trump Wins in Historic Anti-establishment Uprising; Will He Deliver?,"Email 
Donald Trump has done what many said could not be done. In the wee hours of Wednesday morning, he exceeded the necessary 270 electoral votes and was announced the winner of the presidential election. To call his victory a political upset would be an understatement; the establishment media spent the evening watching the votes come in in a state of frenzied disbelief. 
Trump campaigned on an anti-establishment platform that both distanced himself from the leadership of the GOP and drew attacks from both GOP leaders and Democrats. Trump came out against so-called free trade agreements such as TPP, promised to defend the border, promised to work to build the American economy, and — worst of all to the establishment — put America first. Whether he will do those things remains to be seen, but the point is that the establishment seems to have pulled out all stops in an effort to keep Trump from ever seeing the inside of the White House as anything other than an invited guest. 
What the establishment appears to have overlooked — indeed appears to always overlook — is the American mindset. That mindset is as mysterious to the insiders as theirs is to patriotic Americans. 
As Patrick Caddell wrote for Fox News : Unfortunately, the analysts, the pollsters and most importantly the commentariat of the political class have never understood, and in fact are psychologically incapable of understanding what is happening. And for the entire cycle of this presidential campaign they have failed to grasp what was happening before their eyes — for it runs counter to everything they believe about themselves. In truth, they are suffering from cognitive dissonance believing in their righteous superiority and are not capable of realizing that it is they who have become the adversary of the American people. And therefore they have been wrong, in this entire election cycle, every step of the way. 
Caddell goes on to note that the “uprising” — of which Trump was the Right Guard and Bernie Sanders was the Left Guard — was not created by either Trump or Sanders; it was the other way around. And that — because of their “cognitive dissonance” — the “leaders” within the establishment (both Left and Right) missed that point: For them, American politics only began yesterday. They know little history and have no appreciation of the collective consciousness of the American people. Whether it is the campaign of Bernie Sanders, who came within a hair’s breadth of knocking out the coronated nominee of the Democratic establishment or on the other side, the emergence of the total outsider Donald Trump, the most improbable candidate of all. In truth, Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump, sucked from the same trough even if it was from opposite ends. But the critical point that is missed, by almost everyone, was that neither Sanders nor Trump created this uprising. They were chosen vehicles — they did not create these movements, these movements created them. 
By giving the American people a choice between Hillary Clinton (who WikiLeaks disclosures show wanted Trump to win the GOP nomination) and Donald Trump, the establishment put Americans in a position to come out swinging. While a great many voters would have preferred a more constitutionally minded option, the GOP played the same tired, old game it has been playing for the past several election cycles. By filling the roster with one establishment Republican after another, the GOP put voters in a position to nominate and then elect Trump. 
Neither the talking heads of the mainstream media nor the leadership of the GOP ever thought that Trump could actually win. Republicans and Democrats alike said time and again that Trump could not win . More than that, though, it appears that even many in the leadership of the GOP did not want Trump to win. As The New American ’s William F. Jasper wrote in August: Hedge fund billionaires, Wall Street mega-bankers, Hollywood movie moguls, RINOs (Republicans In Name Only), ultra-Left “Progressive” Democrats, and Big Media journalistas have all ganged up on one man. Together with an AstroTurf army of neocon pundits, radical academics, student activists, and street agitators funded by the Big Foundations and Big Government, they have united to stop that one man: Donald J. Trump. George Soros, David Rockefeller, Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Michael Bloomberg, Steven Spielberg, Jeff Bezos, and a bevy of other uber-rich titans have teamed up with National Review , the Weekly Standard , the New York Times , the Washington Post , CNN, MSNBC, CBS, ABC, NPR, et al., to ensure that “The Donald” never makes it into the White House. Some of these plutocrats — Soros, Buffett, and Spielberg — have taken the full “I’m With Her” Hillary Rodham Clinton loyalty pledge. Many of the anti-Trump “Republican” and “conservative” poseurs, on the other hand, have not formally taken the Hillary plunge, but their implacable “Never Trump” stance amounts to the same thing. 
Of course, there were many who could have been classified as being firmly in the “Never Trump” camp who were there for reasons of principle, wanting to send a message of no compromise by voting for a third-party candidate with a stronger understanding of constitutional issues. Considering the strong showing of third-party votes Tuesday night, it appears that while many did reject Trump, many more rejected Clinton. The third-party vote did not prevent a Trump victory, but there is little doubt that had Clinton secured more of the votes that went to Johnson (who — on issues such as abortion, the environment, and guns — is not very far removed from Clinton) and other third-party candidates, she could have closed the gap to a large degree. In the end, those who pulled the lever for Trump (whether in outright support of the man and his policies or as a “protest vote” against Clinton and her policies) carried the day. 
From the beginning, Trump maintained a lead in both the popular vote (ranging anywhere from 750,000 to almost 2,000,000 throughout the night) and the electoral vote. (As of this writing, the count shows that Clinton did eventually edge out Trump for the popular vote, but only by a couple hundred thousand votes.) Even as that was happening, the mainstream media was in denial. The New York Times was still predicting an 85-percent chance of a Clinton win at least as late as 10:20 p.m., even as Trump was already leading by a growing margin. 
By 1:30 a.m. Wednesday, the Times was predicting a 95-percent chance of a Trump victory. But even at that, the graph shown on the Times website shows that by 10:20 p.m. — while still claiming an 85-percent chance of a Clinton win, the Times had already faced the music and realized that the candidates stood an even chance of winning. 
Of course, by 1:30 a.m., it was all over except the crying, and a Trump victory was a foregone conclusion. But how — and why — did Trump win? 
There are a number of factors that came into play. The first (as pointed out above) is that the American people are simply tired of the status quo and are ready and willing to make choices (for good or bad) that they would never have previously made. The second is that Hillary Clinton’s campaign — dogged by one scandal and legal battle after another, from beginning to end — can be said to have died of exposure. That exposure came from a variety of sources, including WikiLeaks, Judicial Watch, and others. Even having twice dodged indictment at the hands of the authorities for her crimes, she was denied the White House by the people who voted. The “ rigged system ” of which Trump spoke may have given her a pass; the people did not. The “ Shadow Government ” may have protected her — at least so far — from the consequences of her actions, but it could not get her elected. 
The biggest factor, though, is that — while often sounding a bit like a caricature of a patriot — Trump said many things that resonated with Americans who have lived under eight years of Obama’s policies. While many have said that they are not sure Trump will do what he has said he will do, they were sure that Clinton would do what she said she would do. Given the choice between a man they may not be able to trust while he promises to “Make America Great Again” and a woman they are certain is telling the truth when she says she is going to sell America out all over again, the choice — for many — was clear. 
Of course, it now becomes the responsibility of those people to hold Trump to his word. Republicans now control the White House, the House of Representatives, and the Senate. Trump will nominate Supreme Court justices who could tip the balance of the court. If that happens, Trump could enjoy the same balance of power enjoyed by George W. Bush for the middle four years of his presidency. Bush failed to use that power to reduce the debt (in fact, he grew the debt), to shrink the size and scope of the federal government (again, he expanded the federal government — especially the surveillance state), or to end or even reduce the scourge of abortion (he did nothing), though he ran on a platform including all of these issues and more. 
Trump has some big promises to keep. He has promised — among other things — to reduce the size and scope of government, to pay off the debt, to reduce our dependency on foreign oil, to kill so-called free trade agreements that threaten both our sovereignty and economic stability, to overturn Roe v. Wade , and to launch an investigation into Clinton’s crimes and put her “in jail.” 
Trump has also promoted some ideas that are very unlikely to “Make America Great Again.” In February, as the FBI v. Apple case was brewing, he called for a boycott of Apple unless the company would undermine the encryption of the iOS platform used by millions to protect their personal data . Last November, he said that if elected he ""would absolutely bring back interrogation and strong interrogation,"" including waterboarding , ignoring (or perhaps being ignorant of) the fact that torture is both immoral and ineffective . What the American people do not need is another surveillance hawk and torturer in the White House. Those ideas were rejected by reasonable Americans the last time we had a Republican president. Trump needs to reject them, as well. 
If Trump — who rode to victory on a populist wave — will abide by the Constitution and surround himself with advisors who do the same, while maintaining a strong moral compass and abiding the moral will of the people who elected him, he may yet prove the “Never Trump” camp wrong. If he does not, he will prove them right. 
Either way, President Trump has to prove that the anti-establishment candidate will be an anti-establishment president. And it is up to the American people to hold him to that. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
3469,Secret cameras have been warrantlessly recording an entire city’s every move from above,"Secret cameras have been warrantlessly recording an entire city’s every move from above The brief experiment had sharp repercussions when citizens learned about the covert project By Claire Bernish   3:39 PM EST 
Baltimore Police didn’t bother to inform the public (or anyone, for that matter) when they implemented a privately-funded mass surveillance program in January using a wide-angle camera-equipped plane flying above the city — which instantly uploaded and stored everything it recorded, just in case they needed it later. 
As Bloomberg ’s Monte Reel reports , a small Cessna plane equipped with “a sophisticated array of cameras” capable of capturing “an area of roughly 30 square miles,” funded by an a private donor and provided by Dayton, Ohio-based Persistent Surveillance Systems , sometimes circled above the city for up to 10 hours per day recording and storing everything without anyone being privy to its presence. 
Since January, Reel noted, the Baltimore Police Department has been using this covert Big Brother’s eye-in-the-sky “to investigate all sorts of crimes, from property thefts to shootings.” 
Gone, apparently, are the days when the government’s surveillance state drew ire for attempting to ferret out potential terrorists — residents of Baltimore have been guinea pigs for an altogether more insidious spy dragnet. Persistent Surveillance Systems’ technology automatically stores all the footage on massive hard drives, making it available to law enforcement long afterward — but the idea police could access this information to solve a simple property crime is no less than alarming. 
Particularly considering the company’s founder has an intense military background. 
Ross McNutt, Bloomberg reports, “is an Air Force Academy graduate, physicist, and MIT-trained astronautical engineer who in 2004 founded the Air Force’s Center for Rapid Product Development. The Pentagon asked him if he could develop something to figure out who was planting the roadside bombs that were killing and maiming American soldiers in Iraq. In 2006 he gave the military Angel Fire, a wide-area, live-feed surveillance system that could cast an unblinking eye on an entire city.” 
Though the technology had imperfections — even determining the gender of a person on the ground was impossible — its TiVo-like capabilities more than made up for any shortcomings. A person of interest could be followed by rewinding footage after, say, an IED exploded roadside, to track their movements — even if the cameras weren’t focused directly on the explosion at the moment it occurred. If the cameras were in the air at the time, anything that happened was fully trackable both back and forward in time. McNutt’s pitch for his technology concisely summarized, “Imagine Google Earth with TiVo capability.” 
Angel Fire truly evolved at the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico after 2007, when upgrades allowed for “all-weather and nighttime capabilities and then was used as the basis for another system, called Blue Devil, which coupled wide-area cameras with narrow-focus zoom lenses in the same package.” 
Over time, after McNutt retired from the military, he worked to further improve the camera array and attended security conferences in hopes of garnering clients. After a brief but effective test run over the skies of Ciudad Juárez, Los Angeles became the first U.S. city to employ Persistent Surveillance’ system — and just as covertly as what has been taking place in Baltimore for the last eight months. 
In 2012, the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department decided to conduct a trial of the system, launching surveillance over the Compton neighborhood for a total of nine days to determine if a contract would be desirable. Although the department ultimately decided against a long-term contract — citing quality in recorded footage as a detractor — the brief experiment had sharp repercussions when citizens learned about the covert project a full year afterward. 
Protesters demanded a “citizen privacy protection policy” from community leaders against such overarching intrusions by police, but as Bloomberg notes, none of those leaders — including the mayor — had been informed the about surveillance system flying overhead. 
“There is nothing worse than believing you are being observed by a third party unnecessarily,” Compton Mayor Aja Brown told the Los Angeles Times . 
McNutt next attempted to a contract with his own city, Dayton, after vastly improving both the cameras’ resolutions, as well as the archive storage capacity and image processing capabilities. While Dayton police and city council jumped at the opportunity, controversy exploded during public hearings. 
“At the hearings,” recalled Joel Pruce, who teaches human rights studies at the University of Dayton, “nobody spoke in favor of it except for the people working for the city. 
“The black community, in particular, said, ‘We’ve seen this type of thing before. This will target us and you didn’t even come to us beforehand to see how we’d feel about it.’” 
Dayton promptly scrapped their plans for Persistent Surveillance’ system after those hearings. 
After the public radio show, Radiolab, aired a segment discussing Persistent Surveillance, Texas philanthropists Laura and John Arnold — John is a former Enron trader — contacted McNutt with the proposition to fund several months of his service if he could locate a willing city. 
Since McNutt had met the Baltimore police lieutenant in charge of the city’s ground-based surveillance camera system at security trade shows — and because the atmosphere in the city had just exploded following the death of Freddie Gray in police custody — the decision was easy. 
In January, McNutt began operating in a spare office above a parking garage, with the only identifying sign of Persistent Surveillance presence a piece of paper taped to the door, reading, “Community Support Program.” 
Baltimore has already dealt with an excoriating report from the Justice Department on the city’s policing practices and a recently-filed lawsuit with the FCC over law enforcement use of another invasive technology, Stingray, which mimics cell towers for tracking purposes. 
McNutt believes in the legitimacy of the services Persistent Surveillance can provide, and insists the technology isn’t as invasive as it might sound since individual identifying details, among other aspects, aren’t discernible, and because the every keystroke and action taken by analysts — like video footage — are logged and archived. 
Still, this sort of surveillance — vague though it may be — undoubtedly represents yet another incremental incursion into people’s private lives. And we all know where that slippery slope leads.",0
3470,"‘My First Gay Bar’: Rachel Maddow, Andy Cohen and Others Share Their Coming-Out Stories - The New York Times","For generations of gays and lesbians, especially those for whom walking into the sometime secret and darkened doorway of one was often the first step in the   process, gay bars have long held a significant place in their personal histories. That was never more apparent than in the days following the mass shootings at Pulse, the gay nightclub in Orlando, Fla. in which 49 patrons lost their lives, and which prompted many to recall the nights they had spent in similar settings, and the sense of community they found there. “I can’t tell you how many bars and clubs I’ve been to over the years,” the CNN newsman Anderson Cooper told The New York Times last week. “Every gay man in America remembers the first time they went to a gay bar and how they felt. ” “I don’t want to sound like I’m speaking for the gay community,” said Mr. Cooper, who publicly acknowledged his sexual orientation in 2012. “But it certainly resonates very deeply for me. ” Below, some other prominent gays and lesbians recall what gay bars meant to them as they began to embrace their sexuality, some eagerly and some nervously. Television host and producer I used to sneak away from my straight friends at Boston University and go to Chaps (gay bars often have hypermasculine names) in Boston’s Back Bay. It was quite literally like stepping into another world. When I moved to New York in 1990, the Works on Columbus Avenue and Uncle Charlie’s on Greenwich Avenue were where I built a community of friends.   gay bars were integral in our social development. They were an escape from the (often unfriendly) outside world, packed every night of the week, and everyone inside was a friend. Playwright, author and activist In 1953, gay bars were scary. I was a freshman at Yale. I thought I was the only gay man there. I overheard some guys making snide and sneering references to a place called Pirelli’s where “the fairies” went. I was lonely, very. So I went. It was a       kind of place only a few blocks from campus. Surely I’d meet a guy from Yale here. When the smoke cleared, I saw 30 or so men, all much older and definitely not collegiate. Eventually a   spoke to me. Would I like to go for a ride? We drove for miles looking for a place to “do it. ” We did it parked in some wilderness, a distance from New Haven. He drove me back to Yale and then he drove home. He’d come all the way from Hartford to find his gay bar. This was my coming out at Yale. Except nobody knew it but me. And I was still lonely, very. It would still be a bunch of years before gay bars would start being less scary, and a lot of fun. Actress The first gay bar I ever went to was the Cubbyhole when it was on Hudson Street in the West Village. It would have been around 1984, which made me   and I was fresh out of graduate school. I looked very straight and very Midwestern cornfed. I walked around the block before I got the nerve to go in because the lady bouncers looked so fearsome and eyed me suspiciously. When I finally tried to walk in, the door lady stopped me and asked: “Do you know where you are? This is a lesbian bar. ” “Yeah, I know,” I said nonchalantly, as if I’d been walking into dyke bars since the beginning of time.  Host of MSNBC’s “The Rachel Maddow Show”  The first time I went to a gay bar was in 1990, thanks to a fairly terrible fake ID that I bought for $25. I was 17 years old, and equally scared of being caught for being underage, and of being recognized by anyone I knew. I don’t even think I ordered a beer. I just remember frantically playing pinball and not speaking to anyone the whole time I was there. That fake ID was my lifeline for years because it got me into the only places where I could find the gay community that I so wanted to be part of. Gay bars and clubs were the alpha and the omega for me then. I wish I still had that terrible fake Arizona drivers’ license  —   I think my alter ego from that ID (her name was Ann) would be 48 years old by now. I still have her same haircut. Actor and comedian My first gay bar in New York was the Duplex, because it was kind of a soft launch into the gay world. My good friend Diane Davis and I used to get up onstage after a few drinks and sing “Sun and Moon” from “Miss Saigon. ” That may have been my first gay bar over all. I went to school at Northwestern and lived with a bunch of gay guys, and we would go out to Boystown, the big strip of gay bars in Chicago. There was one called Charlie’s Chicago, which was a gay    bar. I was, like, I’m gay, but I’m not into this. That’s where I started to draw some lines. Actress Between my junior and senior year of high school, I drove an ice cream truck in my hometown Belleville, Ill. My truck broke down near this little bar called Lil’s Tavern. I had heard rumblings about this tavern. I had an aunt and uncle who lived near there, so we would barbecue with them, and I heard words bandied about like “bulldyke” and “ . ” I knew they would have a phone where I could call the boss, so I went in and in the corner was a table with six big ol’ butch dykes. Like, monster butch dykes. I had never seen one before. It was noon or so, and it was completely empty except for these six huge dykes playing poker. And one of them looked up at me and yelled, “Hey, baby butch!” I’ll never forget it. I did one of those   takes, like, “Oh, she’s talking to me. ” Performer Rialto Tap in Chicago was the first black gay bar I went to, and what I really remember was the cracked tile dance floor. This was when everyone was playing raw house music and bands like Heaven 17 and Yazoo. After that, I went to C. O. D. As in Cash on Delivery. That’s where I first heard Frankie Knuckles. I was there underage with a fake ID. I was a trans person so I was an outsider, but it was where people went to dance and get away from the everyday. It was acceptance. It was no fear. I told my parents I was staying at a friend’s house. Novelist (“We the Animals”) When I was 20, 21, and I liked to go out in a   red skirt with a duck patch on it, which I paired with a hoodie and Chuck Taylors. I remember one night on the walk to the Stud in San Francisco, a man took me in with disgust  —   my hairy legs, my painted lips  —   and called me a “faggot,” in that quiet, direct way that always seems particularly menacing, looking straight into my eyes. I remember dancing particularly hard that night. I remember needing to feel beautiful, and catching glimpses in the mirrored wall of my hairy legs coming out under that skirt, catching glimpses of my desperate twirling. I remember my boyfriend was there, smiling at me, lovingly bemused. And then another man, who sidled up to me at the bar when I paused for beer, said to me, “Girl, you are figuring it out tonight on that dance floor,” and I was, and I still am. Actress and comedian It was 1980, maybe 1981. I was  —   19, living at my dad’s home in Commack, Long Island. My neighbor was housing a relative from England for the summer. We were both gay newbies. There was only one gay club that we knew of. I think it was called Thunders. In French the word for lightning is éclair. How I remembered that from ninth grade French? No idea. I asked my dad if I could use the car to go out. “Where to?” he asked (at 10 p. m. on a Friday night). “The bakery,” I said, “to get éclairs. ” Silence, and then, he said “O. K. ” Peter and I drove the dented white Volare to the strip mall in Commack. We danced the night away  —   drinking Bud Light. I felt happy and free. On the way home we made sure to stop at the Candlelight diner  —   around 2 a. m.  —   to pick up éclairs. Dad was clueless. From that day on, “bakery” was our code word for gay bar. Broadcaster and author On a Sunday night in July 1991, at a sprawling complex called Tracks in the District of Columbia, I found thousands of young black gay men and lesbians. At times, as I walked around the three dance floors, it seemed as though everyone in Washington was gay. The men at the gym, the parishioners at my church, the salespeople at the department stores, even the guards at the White House were there. But here, unlike the white gay clubs, the patrons appreciated, and in fact reveled in, black beauty. For the first time in my life, I felt not only desirous of others but desirable to them as well. Cartoonist, author of the graphic memoir “Fun Home”  My first gay bar was Satan’s, in Akron, Ohio. I was in college, and a bunch of us drove an hour and a half to get there. I was used to feeling like a total alien when I was in any kind of social group. But that night, in the large mixed crowd (there weren’t enough gay people to support a separate club for women) I experienced the profound existential relief, for once, of not being the only queer. A year later, in 1981, I moved to New York. There was a lot of routine   hostility on the street. Even in Sheridan Square on a weekend night you’d get hassled for holding hands. But then you’d step past the bouncer at the Duchess, and you were home free. The bar had its own perils  —   no one ever paid the slightest attention to me there  —   but it afforded me the space to just be, with my guard down, and that was salvational. President, the Ford Foundation In 1978, my freshman year at the University of Texas, my sophisticated friend Kenneth would drive us in his new Cutlass to a bar called Austin Country. It was a giant converted warehouse, with bars encircling the dance floor and the biggest disco ball in Austin. I still can hear Karen Young belting out “Hot Shot. ” I remember the closeted fraternity boys, who had just dropped their dates at the sorority house  —   and the girls who loved to spin and gyrate on the dance floor, earning the attention of adoring gay boys. By my senior year, the mood was changing. We were focused on getting into law school, or business school, or landing a job. Tragically, AIDS was beginning its deadly, devastating advance. The frivolity of those fast, fulsome, fleeting days has long since given way. But in that infectious music, to borrow a phrase from Sylvester, we were “made to feel mighty real. ” Author and playwright When I was a teenage apprentice in summer stock, I went to my first gay bar in suburban Connecticut. I don’t remember the bar’s name, but the parking lot was packed with station wagons. The atmosphere was friendly and the outfits were from Sears and Brooks Brothers. I remember thinking that if I said “Dad?” lots of guys would turn around. Author, “The Noonday Demon,” “Far  Away” There were two gay bars in the neighborhood where I grew up. One was Uncle Charlie’s Uptown, the other had a punning name I didn’t understand at the time: Camp David. I haunted them, promenading back and forth with our family dog, whom I had to walk after dinner, and trying to see past the darkened windows and curtained doors, simultaneously hoping and fearing that one of those men in tight jeans would want to strike up an intimacy as he exited. By the time I was old enough to enter such an establishment, I had my own tight jeans and inchoate prospects. But contrary to so many narratives of relief at finding a gay context, my initial experience was primarily of anxiety, because to be where the least acceptable aspect of myself was the explicit topic made me feel more naked than the   boys. It was Boy Bar on St. Marks Place, and I clung to someone I knew named Debbie who was temporarily lesbian. Sex was already easy to find, though it unnerved me. Love was not unimaginable, though I didn’t yet have the hang of it. Ease and dignity, however, had seemed incompatible with my gayness until my sweaty June bar visit set me on a new path, one that much later led me to marrying my husband, having our children, and becoming an activist for L. G. B. T. Q. rights. Potter and designer Providence, R. I. 1989. I’m at my local gay watering hole, the No Name (a. k. a. No Shame) frivolously dancing to Bronski Beat. In walks a dude from New York who was a member of ACT UP, wearing a leather jacket that said “Don’t Tread on Me. ” It was a defining moment for me. It was about gay empowerment, it was about not getting messed with and it was about the importance of addressing an existential crisis head on. I moved to New York the next year.   Opening Ceremony, and   director, Kenzo Wonder B —  r was one of my favorite New York haunts. I remember, it was on a really random night, and it was pretty quiet  —   maybe 10 people in the bar. Of the 10 people, in the back, was Madonna and her little crew, just going out on a Tuesday night. My friend girl Robin used to D. J. there, so we would go, and this time it was me and my six friends  —   trying to play it cool as much as we could. Playwright and producer It was the Roosterfish, a dingy nautical gay bar in Venice Beach in Los Angeles. I went to stupidly try and find a gay surfer who loved Didion, Ed Ruscha and Tecate. I ended up with a   Republican boy with red hair, a   economics fanatic from Pepperdine up the coast in Malibu. We made out in the back. I found his politics repulsively erotic. There was a jukebox, and I think it had Dennis Wilson’s ultra cool “Pacific Ocean Blue” on it, which I loved. We went back to my place, and I explored the dichotomy between lust and politics. Fashion and costume designer My first early experience that I remember was my trips to Provincetown, Mass. and it was fun and liberating. It occupied a couple of years of my life during my early 20s. Provincetown was a gay destination, a mecca where gay people at that time could feel comfortable and celebratory. It was particularly attractive because the gay society in the early ’60s was much more underground in the big cities. I would describe it as an escape from   gay reality. Provincetown was a free and open space, lots of great performers, people out to have fun, and this is exactly what it was to me. Creative director, Altuzarra The first gay club I went to was Le Queen in Paris when I was in high school. It still exists  —   it’s on the    —   but it was an institution at the time. I was probably 16, and I remember being very   about going. I was really new to that sort of scene. I remember it being very dark and no one talking to me. I think I stayed about an hour, an hour and a half  —   not dancing, not drinking, though I’m sure I was bopping around in my dark corner. I think at the time, I thought I was going to find a boyfriend if I went out, or become friends with people, which clearly doesn’t happen in a   techno club in Paris. But it felt very exhilarating. It was my first time interacting with other gay people, even though I wasn’t really interacting with them  —   at least I was in their presence. That was a very powerful thing. Psychologist and former National Basketball Association player I’m from Manchester, England, so we have a very vibrant gay community that is very well integrated. There was an area called the Village. I used to go there with my sister with my friends routinely. In the U. S. I felt differently about it. I lived in Arizona, in Scottsdale, while I played in the league. I went to a little bar there called BS West. I remember walking in that first time quite tentatively with a group of my friends. Immediately, I get a drink, I turn around and I see someone at the bar and say, “Damn it, I know that guy. ” It was Bill Kennedy, the N. B. A. ref, who came out recently. What are the chances that you walk into a bar and there’s a ref? I didn’t talk to him the first time. Later, I did talk to him, and it was amazingly reassuring. In Scottsdale, in that bar, we met other players and other officials from other sports. Not just pro athletes but college athletes as well. It was fascinating to feel my world expanded. The feeling that you have that there are no other gay people in sports evaporated quickly. Fashion consultant Uncle Charlie’s in 1983 was the original social network. I moved to New York in January of 1983, fresh off the boat from Salina, Kan. the first place I went was the gay bar. It gave me permission to be me. There was such a culture of going out after work then. Everybody went to Uncle Charlie’s. Fashion designer The first gay club I went to was probably when I was 16. It was called City Nights in San Francisco. I remember I would have to get a fake ID as it was an    club. But all my friends were older at that point because I lived by myself in S. F. and made friends from just going out. Night life was my escape from the day to day. I would go every Thursday:   night. I was very lucky to have the community I grew up in be so supportive. Singer and songwriter I came out when I was pretty young. I might have even been 13, but let’s just say 14, to be somewhat respectable. Montreal had a pretty decadent gay scene. There was a lot of cruising and tons of bathhouses. My first gay bar was this place called Alcatraz. I was alone  —   I kind of snuck out of my house wearing spandex. I was from Westmount, which was a more    area, and Alcatraz was in a poor French neighborhood. So I was like this lost little rich boy wearing a cravat. I didn’t actually have that much sex, per se, but it was fun and exciting. But it was also scary. I was just trying to figure my way out. I knew instinctively that the path that my life would take was through that barroom door. CNN anchor I was deeply closeted in college. Everybody was. It was the 1980s, it was the South, and people didn’t come out then as quickly as they do now. With my friends, mostly straight frat guys, I would frequent a popular college bar at L. S. U. called the Bengal on Highland Road in Baton Rouge, La. But inevitably I would sneak off, very carefully, to the bars down the road, just past the straight bar. One was named Xanthus, an “alternative” bar where the bouncer was a girl named Big Hair. (By the way, Hair and I are still friends to this day.) The dance floor there was filled with punk rockers, bow heads (sorority girls) gay boys, lesbians and every kind of person under the sun, and I loved it. But the   gay bar was a bit harder to navigate because it was across the street and one could easily be spotted entering and leaving. After I finally built up the liquid courage to do it, I never turned back. The eclectic music, the light show, the cute guys milling about, the club kids dancing on speakers: It was gay heaven! I didn’t have to pretend anymore. I was finally at home. Actress and musician My first gay bar was a lesbian dive called the Egyptian (“E”) Room in Portland, Ore. It had a terrible layout: a series of cramped, dank rooms, all seemingly accidental   like a human habitrail. There were baby dyke couples twinned out with matching tongue rings and spiky hair, uniformed post office ladies, construction workers, power lezzies in Paula Poundstone blazers, and butches taking up space at the bar or around the pool table, manspreading because they could. I think I went to the E Room as much to witness another woman’s freedom as I did to get a sense of my own. A gay bar is ours. It’s ours like putty, it’s ours like clay. The environment is both ridiculous and profound, but we get to decide when it’s one or both, or neither. Only away from the glare of homophobia could we experience malleability, a flexing of the self, a full rotation. Who knew there were 360 degrees?",0
3471,NYPD: Man Arrested in Connection with Death of Queens Jogger - Breitbart,"Police arrested a man in connection with the death of a jogger from Queens, New York, the NYPD announced Sunday. [Chanel Lewis, 20, of Brooklyn, was taken into custody Saturday for allegedly killing jogger Karina Vetrano, NBC New York reports.  “This is a very good day for justice in New York City,”  NYPD Chief of Detectives Robert Boyce said. Lewis is facing murder and sexual assault charges and is expected to be arraigned Sunday afternoon or Monday. He had no history of violent crimes, sources said. Authorities believe Lewis seized Vetrano near an area where Howard Beach route she jogged connected to an East New York bicycle path that runs along the Belt Parkway in Brooklyn. The discovery led authorities to Lewis’ home, where officials arrested him. Vetrano, 30, vanished after she went for a jog through Spring Creek Park in Howard Beach. Authorities say Vetrano was raped and strangled after she put up a fight. Vetrano’s father found her body in the weeds about 15 feet off the path she jogged while helping police search for her. Police linked the suspect to DNA found on Vetrano’s body, but couldn’t find a match back in August to a national or state DNA database, WPIX reports. The NYPD’s Police Commissioner and Queens District Attorney, Richard Brown, requested that the state DNA lab do a test called “familial searching” that would look for male relatives of the unknown killer in the case. In this case, DNA testing was performed on the “Y” chromosome of the sample collected at the crime scene which can identify male relatives. It was through this type of DNA testing that authorities found a match with Lewis. Vetrano’s family put together a GoFundMe page to collect donations to be used as a reward as police searched for her killer, the New York Daily News reports. The family raised more than $287, 000 as of Saturday night.",0
3472,Brexiter refusing to believe Government finances now £122bn worse off until it’s written on a bus,"Wednesday 23 November 2016 Brexiter refusing to believe Government finances now £122bn worse off until it’s written on a bus 
Brexiter Simon Williams has insisted the Chancellor’s claim that government finances are £122bn worse off post-Brexit is pure scaremongering, and will continue to believe that is the case until he sees it written on a bus. 
Williams said that today’s Autumn statement by Chancellor Philip Hammond, which highlighted the £122bn figure, is based on nothing more than research and expert opinion, and as such should be discarded without a moment’s thought. 
He went on, “Everyone knows that financial facts are written on buses, it’s the British way. 
“You can say whatever you like with your reports, analysis and experts – until I see it driving down the motorway in two foot high letters I won’t believe a word of it. You can make up a report; you can’t make up an entire bus! 
“If the £122bn figure was true, they would have put it on a bus, of course they would. It’s how the British electorate expects to be told about the economy, dumbass. 
“Show me a bus that says the country’s finances are £122bn worse off after voting for Brexit, and then we’ll talk – but until then, you can piss off.” 
Williams went on to explain that Brexit is the best thing that has ever happened to the country, before heading to the Post Office to buy some Euros for a stag do he’s about to attend. ",0
3473,Catch of the Year. No Ball Involved. - The New York Times,"PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla.  —   The most memorable play of spring training across all of baseball  —   and, by now, the most watched  —   involved a low level Mets prospect named Luis Guillorme. And he was not even on the diamond at the time. Guillorme, a    infielder, was hanging on the railing of the Mets dugout at First Data Field on Thursday afternoon during the second inning of a spring training game against the Miami Marlins when commotion erupted around him. After whiffing at a pitch from Mets starter Robert Gsellman, Marlins shortstop Adeiny Hechavarria lost the hold on his bat, and it flew toward the Mets dugout. Guillorme did not flinch. With his left hand holding him to the railing, he reached back with his right and snatched the wooden projectile  —   by the knob. He then nonchalantly tossed it back on to the field. “I just literally saw the bat coming at me and caught it,” Guillorme told MLB. com. “Didn’t think much of it. ” The world thought otherwise. Video of the catch was replayed repeatedly on social media. Guillorme told reporters that he had dozens of text messages and social media notifications waiting on his phone after the game. “It was very impressive, because bats aren’t light, and to catch it backhand on the knob . .. ” said Mets outfielder Brandon Nimmo. Guillorme’s catch may have saved him from a nasty bruise. While Guillorme remained composed as the bat spiraled toward the dugout, his teammates around him braced for the worst. To Guillorme’s left, T. J. Rivera ducked and covered his head. And poor Nimmo saw the threat of a flying bat but actually moved toward it. Hoping to get behind the dugout railing, Nimmo spun to his left and used his back as a shield on the bench. Mets prospect Dominic Smith threw himself out of Nimmo’s way and on to the ground. When he stood back up, Nimmo smiled and laughed, seeing that Guillorme had caught the bat. “We just know when a bat is flying, most of us, our reaction is to try and get out of the way of it,” Nimmo said. “Not stand there, catch it, no big deal and throw it back to them. I’m very glad he caught it, because I think it would have hit me. ” The moment was fitting for Guillorme, who is rated the 17th best prospect in the Mets minor leagues, according to MLB. com. He was drafted out of Coral Springs Charter High School in Coral Springs, Fla. in the 10th round by the Mets in 2013. He is undersized he was listed at    and 190 pounds last season. He hit . 263 at Class A St. Lucie with minimal power. But according to some scouting reports, he was the best defensive infielder in the Mets minor leagues and possessed the best hands. The world saw that on Thursday.",0
3474,Police arrest 141 in crackdown on North Dakota pipeline protesters,"Reuters 
Police arrested 141 Native Americans and other protesters in North Dakota in a tense standoff that spilled into Friday morning between law enforcement and demonstrators seeking to halt construction of a disputed oil pipeline. 
Police in riot gear used pepper spray and armored vehicles in an effort to disperse an estimated 330 protesters and clear a camp on private property in the path of the proposed $3.8 billion Dakota Access Pipeline, according to photos and statements released by the Morton County Sheriff’s Department. 
Some protesters responded by throwing rocks, bottles and Molotov cocktails at police, attaching themselves to vehicles and starting fires, police said. 
“It was a very active and tense evening as law enforcement worked through the evening to clear protesters,” the department said. 
A female protester fired three rounds at the police line before she was arrested, the department said. 
In another shooting incident, a man was taken into custody after a man was shot in the hand. That “situation involved a private individual who was run off the road by protesters,” the department said in a Facebook post. 
The 1,172-mile (1,885-km) pipeline, being built by a group of companies led by Energy Transfer Partners LP, would offer the fastest and most direct route to bring Bakken shale oil from North Dakota to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries. 
Supporters say it would be safer and more cost-effective than transporting the oil by road or rail. 
But the pipeline has drawn the ire of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and environmental activists who say it threatens the water supply and sacred tribal sites. They have been protesting for several months, and dozens have been arrested. 
In all, 141 people were arrested on various charges including conspiracy to endanger by fire or explosion, engaging in a riot and maintaining a public nuisance, the sheriff’s department said. 
Native American protesters had occupied the site since Monday, saying they were the land’s rightful owners under an 1851 treaty with the U.S. government. 
Video posted on social media showed dozens of police and two armored vehicles slowly approaching one group of protesters. 
Reuters was unable to confirm the authenticity of the video, which showed a helicopter overhead as some protesters said police had used bean-bag guns in an effort to chase them out of the camp. 
North Dakota Governor Jack Dalrymple said police were successful in clearing the camp. 
“Private property is not the place to carry out a peaceful protest,” he said. 
Members of the Standing Rock Sioux asked Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Thursday to oppose the pipeline. She has not taken a public position on the issue.",0
3475,"Elites: ’Davos Always Wrong’, Globalism Push Fuelled Backlash","The political and business elite, who attend the annual World Economic Forum (WEF) meeting in Davos, are beginning to admit their push for globalisation and open borders contributed to the worldwide populist backlash and the rejection of the mass integration project. [Harvard professor and former chief economist of the International Monetary Fund Kenneth Rogoff told Bloomberg that following WEF 2016 he “started to grow concerned”   Donald J. Trump would become the next president of the U. S. because his fellow frequent attendees of the gathering in the Swiss town of Davos were certain that Mr. Trump would not win.  “A joke I’ve told 1, 000 people in the months since leaving Davos is that the conventional wisdom of Davos is always wrong,” said the former IMF chief who is scheduled to attend Davos again this year along with some 3, 000 other members of the political, business, media, and academic elite. “No matter how improbable, the event most likely to happen is the opposite of whatever the Davos consensus is,” he added. Davos also failed to predict the rise of populism in Europe, Italy’s rejection of constitutional change that led to the resignation of Prime Minister Mattheo Renzi, or the UK voting to leave the European Union (EU) which Forbes described as the “populist revolt against Davos Man”. “Davos Man” was coined by political scientist Samuel P. Huntington who described “these transnationals” as “[having] little need for national loyalty, view national boundaries as obstacles that thankfully are vanishing, and see national governments as residues from the past whose only useful function is to facilitate the elite’s global operations”. One of the eight Oxford University academics set to attend the meeting, Ngaire Woods, dean of the Blavatnik School of Government, said, “There has to be some humility. For 30 years the elite have said, ‘We’re managing globalization, and we’re making it work for everyone’. ” “They cannot just keep repeating that,” added the frequent Davos visitor. However, WEF founder Klaus Shwab has alleged that globalisation was an “easy scapegoat” for world angst, and argued that populism wasn’t the answer, saying, “We cannot just have populist solutions”. With populism high on the agenda at Davos, one of the sessions will include a panel of psychologists offering thoughts on “cultivating appropriate emotions in a time of nationalist populism”. Managing Director of the IMF Christine Lagarde, who was found guilty in December of criminal negligence in an arbitration case over the misappropriation of funds, expressed that she wanted to rehabilitate the appearance of globalism. She said she wanted a “move toward globalization that has a different face, and which is not excluding people along the way”. Lagarde will be headlining a session at Davos entitled: “Squeezed and Angry: How to Fix the Middle Class Crisis” along with hedge fund billionaire Ray Dalio.  Days before the EU referendum vote, the French lawyer belittled Brexit voters by implying they were   called for a “united Europe” and launched a report claiming a ‘Leave’ vote would lead to half a million job losses. Also anticipated to attend the exclusive conclave is billionaire open borders activist and founder of the Open Society Foundations George Soros, who admitted involvement in Europe’s Migrant Crisis and called national borders “an obstacle” and has financial ties to the W. K. Kellogg Foundation. Other notable attendees include a dozen members of the European Commission including Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmström, who responded,“I do not take my mandate from the European people” when asked a question by a poverty campaigner regarding the unpopular Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) deal between America and the EU, which was opposed by millions of Europeans.",0
3476,"Indo-Chinese Food Is Hard to Find, Except in New Jersey - The New York Times","A   stretch of New Jersey’s Oak Tree Road is known as a destination for Indian restaurants, groceries and sweets shops. But amid the   Indian restaurants in the area, there are a handful specializing in the    fusion of Indian and Chinese food native to the Indian city Kolkata (formerly Calcutta) and, to a lesser extent, Mumbai. Though not widely celebrated in America,   food is familiar to    locals and venturesome food travelers like myself. Having been an expat in Mumbai, I’m always looking for food that transports me back to the three years I spent there, and was intrigued when a friend told me about the inordinate amount of   food in the neighboring suburban towns of Edison and Iselin, N. J. a vibrant Little India renowned for having excellent   food, a cuisine that is proof that Indians can make any culture’s food uniquely their own. The   food in Edison and Iselin is quick and decadent: made to share, intrinsically spicy and as suitable for takeout as it is for eating in. On Oak Tree Road, which is home to more than 200   businesses, including sari shops and jewelers, I ate at a   places. They are more than the sum of their parts, best experienced as part of an   food crawl, which can be as much a feat of gastronomic endurance as a culinary field trip. I made my trip with Abhishek Honawar, a   of the ardently healthy Inday, a New York City restaurant at odds with the often heavy and oily Indian restaurants found in the Oak Tree Road area. Mr. Honawar is an expert in Indian food but, unlike me, not a man prone to gluttony. On the   drive from New York, Mr. Honawar explained to me that Indians consider most other cuisines bland, so they’ve created their own “amped up” version of Chinese food with added chile and garlic and prepared in thick gravies that give the dishes the consistency of Indian curries. “  is a relatively new cuisine, but now everyone in Bombay is familiar with these flavors,” said Mr. Honowar, a Mumbai native, referring to his hometown’s former name. We thought it fitting to start our crawl with the most popular   dish, Manchurian chicken, which we found at Calcutta Chinese Food, a restaurant tucked in one of Oak Tree Road’s countless strip malls. It is the kind of Chinese takeout joint where you order at the counter by pointing at photos of food on the wall. Posters of the Taj Mahal hung in the tiny dining space, next to red banners featuring the Cantonese symbol for wealth. Chinese customers mixed with Indians. Manchurian chicken employs Chinese techniques, but its red gravy, heavy on ginger, chilies and garlic, has the consistency of an Indian curry. A vegetarian version is made with cauliflower. Calcutta Chinese Food’s proprietress, who would only identify herself as Mrs. Liu, said that dishes like Hakka lo mein noodles, curry chicken and a Chinese take on vegetable pakoras (a common Indian fried vegetable fritter) are similar to what Chinese people from Kolkata eat in their homes. Mrs. Liu said her grandparents, who spoke the Hakka dialect, emigrated in the 1920s from Canton to Kolkata, the only Indian city with a sizable Chinese population. It would be an oversimplification to say that   food is solely an export of Kolkata, however. Camellia Panjabi, the author of “50 Great Curries of India,” claims to have instigated what continues to be India’s most successful food fad when she opened Golden Dragon in Mumbai in the early 1970s, the country’s first Sichuan restaurant. I found the most distinctive  —   and delicious  —     dish to be Chinese idli at Dimple’s Bombay Talk, a casual restaurant in Iselin at the other end of Oak Tree Road, about three miles away, with a show kitchen and a mostly Indian clientele. Idli is a common South Indian breakfast dish made of discs of fermented rice batter, steamed and served with a piquant soup called sambar (it is also, as Mr. Honawar preferred, gluten free). This Chinese version was fashioned into cubes and prepared in a similar fashion to Manchurian chicken, only spicier, since hot green chilies were featured prominently. After a digestive pause for buying Indian groceries at the incomparable and huge Patel Brothers Food Market in Iselin, we ordered garlic chicken, a vegetable   and vegetable noodles with a spicy bright red Sichuan sauce from the Indo Chinese menu at Moghul Express in Edison, which also has full north and south Indian menus and a display case crammed with dozens of varieties of multicolored,   Indian sweets. The   noodles were the standout, reminding me of the peppery roadside preparation I’d sometimes eat in Mumbai. Much of this feast ended up in takeout containers because, before heading back to the city, I wanted to try an   pizza, which I found at Papa Pancho, next door to Moghul Express. Papa Pancho had all sorts of Indian and Italian combinations, but I ordered a “Schezwan Paneer Chilly” pie, topped with bricks of Indian cottage cheese, red onions, bell peppers and Sichuan sauce. I was ready to dismiss this seemingly random concoction, but have to admit it was quite good  —   the crust was legit and the   spices balanced nicely with the mozzarella and paneer cheeses. I ate two slices and tossed the remainder in the car with the rest of my leftovers, which, like much Chinese takeout, was arguably better a day later.",0
3477,Court Papers Give Insight Into Stanford Sex Assault - The New York Times,"PALO ALTO, Calif.  —   Proud parents converged at Stanford University’s commencement on Sunday to hear Ken Burns, the documentary filmmaker, welcome the elite class of graduates into the wider world. But across the idyllic university grounds, in the shade of a large tree, is a quiet stretch of lawn that speaks to a persistent and darker side of campus life, at Stanford and across the country. It was here in January last year, an hour past midnight on a Saturday night, that a young woman lay on the ground, unresponsive, her hair disheveled and knotted, her body covered in dirt and pine needles, and her dress hitched up above her waist. The assault of the    woman  —   she is described as Jane Doe in court documents  —   has led to a firestorm of outrage for what many saw as her assailant’s light punishment, a   jail term with the possibility of being released after three months. In March, a jury convicted the assailant, Brock Turner, 20, a champion swimmer and Olympic hopeful who was a freshman at the time, of intent to commit rape of an intoxicated or unconscious person and two related sections of the law, all felonies. The court papers, some of them released just last week, outline the complex and intense national debate over the sentence, and over sexual assaults on campus. Yet they also portray a case that legal experts say was unusual. The assault was not hidden in a dorm room or clouded by the complex emotions of a college romance. Mr. Turner and his victim had met only minutes before their encounter. The assault was taking place beneath the tree when a pair of Swedish students passed by on bicycles. The men stopped, and Mr. Turner began to run away. They chased him down and tackled him. “It happened in full view,” said Shanlon Wu, a   lawyer who is a specialist in campus rape cases. “You had unimpeachable witnesses  —   someone was basically caught  . ” The court papers and police reports depict an event that could be found virtually any weekend at any college  —   a fraternity party with   alcohol. The woman, who was not a Stanford student, was 22, working full time and living with her parents in Palo Alto at the time of the assault, according to court documents. She described the decision to go to a fraternity party on campus as a   lark and a way to spend more time with her younger sister, who accompanied her. After she had a meal at home and four shots of whiskey, she told the police, her mother drove her, her sister and two other friends to the Stanford campus at 11 p. m. The women ended up at a party hosted by a fraternity, Kappa Alpha, which was also attended by Mr. Turner. The woman’s sister told the police that they met several men at the party, but that “one of the guys was very aggressive and trying to kiss everyone,” according to a police report. She later identified that man as Mr. Turner and said she had twice repelled kissing and advances by him. The sister left the party to accompany an intoxicated friend back to her room, and soon after the victim and Mr. Turner left the party, according to court documents. Mr. Turner told the police that he and the victim kissed and then walked away from the fraternity house holding hands and ended up on the ground kissing. He removed the victim’s underwear and penetrated her with his fingers. He said he never took his own pants off. The Swedish students who came upon Mr. Turner and the woman said they stopped to intervene because they saw Mr. Turner on top of her, thrusting his pelvis toward her, court papers and the police reports say. They said she appeared motionless, her eyes closed and her head tilted to the side. One of the men yelled to Mr. Turner, who “looked up, slowly got off of” the victim “and began running rapidly away from her,” according to a case summary by the prosecutor. The Swedes chased him and brought him to the ground. After the assault, the woman told a police officer that the last thing she remembered was being with her sister at the party. Her next memory was waking up in the hospital feeling groggy and confused, she told the police. The court and police documents detail the level of drinking by everyone involved. Both Mr. Turner and the woman were heavily intoxicated, according to police reports. Mr. Turner reported having seven beers and a “couple of swigs” of whiskey. In addition to the four shots of whiskey she had at home, Jane Doe reported having two shots of vodka and “some beer” once she had reached the Stanford campus. She remained unconscious for three hours after paramedics reached her and began giving her treatment, including an intravenous drip, police reports said. The degree to which the inebriation of both Mr. Turner and the woman should have been a factor in sentencing was a central point of contention. Monica Lassettre, the probation officer who wrote sentencing recommendations, advised the judge to be lenient partly on the grounds that Mr. Turner was drunk. “This case, when compared to other crimes of similar nature, may be considered less serious due to the defendant’s level of intoxication. ” She recommended four to six months in a county jail, even though Mr. Turner faced a maximum sentence of 14 years in state prison. She also based her recommendation on what she said was his “sincere remorse and empathy for the victim,” and his lack of a prior criminal record. Alaleh Kianerci, the deputy district attorney who prosecuted the case, saw the woman’s intoxication as a reason for a harsher sentence, and she urged the judge to impose six years. The fact that the victim was so intoxicated was an “aggravating factor warranting a prison sentence,” Ms. Kianerci wrote. “Ultimately, the fact that the defendant preyed upon an intoxicated stranger on a college campus should not be viewed as a less serious crime, than if he were to assault a stranger in Downtown Palo Alto,” Ms. Kianerci said. In the woman’s courtroom statement, which went viral when it was released to the news media a week ago, she described drinking too much and blacking out as “an amateur mistake”  —   but not a criminal act. “Regretting drinking is not the same as regretting sexual assault,” she said. “We were both drunk, the difference is I did not take off your pants and underwear, touch you inappropriately, and run away. ” The victim added in her statement that she remains deeply traumatized by the assault. In a widely circulated comment in the courtroom when issuing his sentence, Judge Aaron Persky of the Santa Clara County Superior Court, said there was “less moral culpability” for a defendant who is intoxicated. His sentence was harsher than the probation officer asked for, but a petition for his removal has now swelled beyond a million signatures. The court papers paint diametrically opposed pictures of Mr. Turner. Family members and friends describe him in sentencing documents as gentle, polite and, in the words of a former high school teacher, “an individual of true kindness, compassion and promise. ” Adjusting to the social life at Stanford was difficult, Mr. Turner said in his own statement to the court. “Coming from a small town in Ohio, I had never really experienced celebrating or partying that involved alcohol,” he wrote. The prosecution’s sentencing memo, however, described a man who embraced numerous forms of illicit drugs both at Stanford and in high school. The memo said the police concluded from photos and text messages found on Mr. Turner’s phone that he was “engaging in excessive drinking and using drugs,” including LSD, ecstasy and an extract of cannabis. Mr. Turner had a previous arrest for underage alcohol possession in November 2014, the memo said. The prosecution document also said he aggressively flirted with women. Detectives interviewed two women who had “an encounter” with Mr. Turner the weekend before the assault, the memo said. He was “touchy” and put his hands on one of the women’s upper thigh. Mr. Turner had “creeped” her out because of his persistence, the woman told the police. Ten days after his arrest, the university reached an agreement with Mr. Turner that he withdraw from the university. “That was a much more expedited process than if we had gone through a formal expulsion process,” Lisa Lapin, a Stanford spokeswoman said. “It was the harshest punishment that the university can have. ” The woman’s courtroom statement continued to reverberate across the country and campus this past week. Michele Dauber, a Stanford law professor who has helped create the university’s policies for dealing with sexual assault complaints, called her a new Rosa Parks. “We are at a real watershed moment in public perception of campus sexual assaults,” said Ms. Dauber, who is also leading the effort to have Judge Persky recalled. In a letter submitted to the court, Ms. Dauber said that a recent university survey found that 43 percent of senior female undergraduates said they had experienced nonconsensual sexual assault or misconduct. Ms. Dauber is friends with the victim and said she is helping her to obtain a book contract. Mr. Turner is banned from campus, and as part of his criminal sentence, Mr. Turner will also be registered a sex offender for life.",0
3478,"Associated Press reporter admits faking news stories for Hillary Clinton… stunning admission reveals how AP prints whatever the Clintons want, FACTS BE DAMNED","Associated Press reporter admits faking news stories for Hillary Clinton… stunning admission reveals how AP prints whatever the Clintons want, FACTS BE DAMNED share in: Corruption , Hillary Clinton , Lies , Mainstream Media 
In case you had any doubt whatsoever about the total dishonesty of the Associated Press — which also pushes pro-pharma vaccine propaganda and Monsanto’s quack science talking points — check out this email involving AP reporter Eric Tucker and Clinton operatives David Kendall and Cheryl Mills (source: Wikileaks ). 
The authenticity of this email is already confirmed via Google.com DKIM key (an email authentication code). (Bolding added below.) 
Subject: Re: FW: Hi again from AP (inquiry about thumb drive) 
From: cheryl.mills@gmail.com Subject: Re: FW: Hi again from AP (inquiry about thumb drive) 
On Tue, Aug 11, 2015 at 6:02 PM, Kendall, David <dkendall@wc.com>wrote: 
It’s getting out. 
725 Twelfth Street, N.W., Washington, DC 20005 (P) 202-434-5145 | (F) 202-434-5029 
*Sent:* Tuesday, August 11, 2015 6:00 PM *To:* Kendall, David *Subject:* Hi again from AP (inquiry about thumb drive) 
Hi David, 
We have been told, and we are preparing to report, that the FBI has taken possession of the thumb drive that was once in your possession. This is what we have been informed, and we wanted to see whether there was any sort of comment that could be provided. If you wanted to steer us away and say that we are misinformed, then I would gladly accept that as well . But we have solid reason to believe this. We’d welcome any comment you can offer. Thanks very much. 
Eric Associated Press reporter says he knows it’s true, but will gladly print that it’s false 
What’s truly astonishing in this email is how AP reporter Eric Tucker says he will gladly LIE to cover for the Clintons . In plain English, he explains that he has “solid reason” to believe the report about the thumb drive, but he will gladly publish a false narrative via the Associated Press , and he even suggests what that false narrative should be: “If you wanted to steer us away and say that we are misinformed, then I would gladly accept that as well.” 
In other words, he’s not just corrupt, dishonest and fraudulent as a journalist, he’s also SUGGESTING the false narrative the Clintons should use! 
This is the exact same way the AP talks to the CDC about vaccines and measles, by the way. Essentially, the Associated Press reporters say, “We are total media whores, we will bend over and grab our ankles while you shove your fake story down the throats of our readers who foolishly think we’re a credible news organization.” 
You gotta love Eric Tucker for this. The guy takes the prize for finally spelling out in black and white what we’ve known for years: the AP is a total joke when it comes to real journalism . Note carefully that the AP won’t even fire Tucker for this admission. He’ll probably get a prize of some sort. How many other Associated Presstitutes have deliberately LIED to cover up Clinton crimes? 
It all brings to mind the obvious question: How many other Associated Presstitutes deliberately lied to cover up Clinton crimes? 
Just what percentage of AP stories about the Clinton scandals are actually FAKE NEWS pretending to be credible journalism? (Answer: Probably about 99%.) 
It’s not just AP, either. It’s the same story at every other mainstream news organization across America: They’re all liars and crooks, and they’re all working for Hillary Clinton, the serial killer and rape excuser. 
Keep ’em coming, Wikileaks. The world needs you now more than ever. Receive breaking news and alerts from Newstarget! ",0
3479,PAT CONDELL: America’s last chance…,"Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. PLEASE DONATE TO KEEP BARE NAKED ISLAM UP AND RUNNING. Choose DONATE for one-time donation or SUBSCRIBE for monthly donations Payment Options GET ALL NEW BNI POSTS/LINKS ON TWITTER Subscribe to Blog via Email 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address",0
3480,United We Grand - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Nation Puts 2016 Election Into Perspective By Reminding Itself Some Species Of Sea Turtles Get Eaten By Birds Just Seconds After They Hatch WASHINGTON—Saying they felt anxious and overwhelmed just days before heading to the polls to decide a historically fraught presidential race, Americans throughout the country reportedly took a moment Thursday to put the 2016 election into perspective by reminding themselves that some species of sea turtles are eaten by birds just seconds after they hatch. Cleveland Indians Worried Team Cursed After Building Franchise On Old Native American Stereotype CLEVELAND—Having watched in horror as their team crumbled after a 3-1 World Series lead, members of the Cleveland Indians expressed concern Thursday that the organization has been cursed for building their franchise on an incredibly old Native American stereotype. Report: Election Day Most Americans’ Only Time In 2016 Being In Same Room With Person Supporting Other Candidate WASHINGTON—According to a report released Thursday by the Pew Research Center, Election Day 2016 will, for the majority of Americans, mark the only time this year they will occupy the same room as a person who supports a different presidential candidate. Nurse Reminds Elderly Man She’s Just Down The Hall If He Starts To Die DES PLAINES, IL—Assuring him that she’d be at his side in a jiffy, local nurse Wendy Kaufman reminded an elderly resident at the Briarwood Assisted Living Community that she was just down the hall if he started to die, sources reported Tuesday. ",0
3481,"The Key To Healthy Bones And Teeth: Magnesium, NOT Calcium","Share on Facebook The assumption that calcium is the holy grail of what constructs solid bones is totally instilled in our society, however it has no premise in reality–calcium is yet ONE of the numerous minerals your body requires for building solid bones. Dietary admission of magnesium, not so much calcium, may be the way to creating sound bones amid adolescence, as indicated by new research introduced at the Pediatric Academic Societies (PAS) yearly group in the USA. The standard engine has been advancing the utilization of calcium to counteract weak bones for quite a long time. Age-old myths that calcium supplementation creates solid bones and teeth are strengthened in practically every foundation. Anyway, how viable is calcium supplementation? A 2004 research demonstrated that individuals with excess calcium in their coronary artery, who take statins, have a 17-fold higher danger of heart attacks than those with lower blood vessel calcium levels; scientists presumed that the two most authoritative pointers of heart attacks were LDL levels and calcium build-up. A 2007 research demonstrated that calcium from dietary sources has better consequences for bone wellbeing than calcium from supplements in postmenopausal ladies ( Am J Clin Nutr 2007 ). A 2008 research discovered calcium supplements are connected with a more noteworthy number of heart attacks in postmenopausal ladies ( BMJ 2008 ) A 2010 meta-analysis demonstrated calcium supplements (without coadministered vitamin D) are connected with increased danger for heart attacks ( BMJ 2010 ) As per the National Osteoporosis Foundation (NOF), food will dependably be the best wellspring of calcium: “People who get the recommended amount of calcium from foods do not need to take a calcium supplement. These individuals still may need to take a vitamin D supplement. Getting too much calcium from supplements may increase the risk of kidney stones and other health problems.” “Calcium supplements have been widely embraced by doctors and the public, on the grounds that they are a natural and therefore safe way of preventing osteoporotic fractures,” reported the analysts, headed by Professor Sabine Rohrmann, from Zurich University's foundation of social and preventive medicine. “It is now becoming clear that taking this micronutrient in one or two daily [doses] is not natural, in that it does not reproduce the same metabolic effects as calcium in food,” they included. The major part of the supplements on the supplement market nowadays contain calcium carbonate which is a secondary type of calcium and makers put a basic chelating agent like citrus extract to make it more absorbable, however the final item is second rate compared to other calcium supplements, for example, calcium orotate, which is the main known manifestation of calcium which can adequately enter the layers of cells. An alternate truth the vast majority are ignorant of is the myth advanced by the dairy business that eating pasteurized dairy items , for example, milk or cheese, builds calcium levels. This is completely false. The purification preparation just makes calcium carbonate, which has truly no chance to get of entering the cells without a chelating agent. So what the body does is force the calcium from the bones and different tissues keeping in mind the end goal to cushion the calcium carbonate in the blood. This methodology ACTUALLY CAUSES OSTEOPOROSIS. Milk absolutely does not do a body decent in the event that it's sanitized. Magnesium And Increasing Awareness The new information from Professor Steven Abrams and his partners at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston finds that admission and ingestion of magnesium amid youth are key indicators of aggregate bone mineral substance and bone thickness – while dietary calcium admission was not altogether connected with such measures. “Dietary magnesium intake may be an important, relatively unrecognized, factor in bone mineral accretion in children,” – the researchers discovered. “Lots of nutrients are key for children to have healthy bones. One of these appears to be magnesium,” reported Abrams. “Calcium is important, but, except for those children and adolescents with very low intakes, may not be more important than magnesium.” The scientists noted that parents have been encouraged to guarantee their kid has a decent admission of calcium so as to help build solid and sound bones. Then again, the essentialness of different minerals vital for bone wellbeing, for example, magnesium, have not been so generally advanced. Abrams and his group recommended that it might soon be the situation that parents are urged to guarantee that their kids consume enough magnesium, too. More prominent magnesium admission is altogether identified with higher bone mineral thickness (BMD) in men and ladies. There is a surmised 2 percent increment in entire body BMD for each 100 milligram every day increment in magnesium. Osteoporotic fractures are a critical wellbeing issue in aging adults — Dr. Kathryn M. Ryder, of the University of Tennessee, Memphis, and associates note in their report.Given the high pervasiveness of low BMD and fracture, little changes in BMD may have a huge general wellbeing impact. Magnesium is a “less-examined” part of bone that may assume a part in calcium digestion system and bone quality, they include. Supplementing With Magnesium For the dominant part of mankind's history, the proportion of calcium to magnesium in the eating methodology was 1:1, a degree that is viewed as ideal. A proportion that is somewhere around 1:1 and 2:1 is satisfactory (for instance, 800 mg of calcium to 400 mg of magnesium). Sadly, today’s weight control plans contain a normal of 10 times more calcium than magnesium. Magnesium comes in numerous structures. Magnesium oxide or chloride is fine, as is chelated magnesium. Containers normally contain 250-500 mg of magnesium. You can likewise utilize a calcium/magnesium supplement. Try different things with levels. The Recommended Daily Allowance (RDA) for magnesium is 350-400 mg every day, in spite of the fact that for ideal levels, you may require as much as twice that sum. It's best to take your magnesium in isolated measurements for the duration of the day. You can take it either on an empty stomach or with meals. You can likewise add Epsom salts to your baths–epsom salt as magnesium sulfate. It’s ingested through the skin and will help renew magnesium stores. This “treatment” can without much of a stretch incorporate an unwinding bath with a decent book. One percent of the body's magnesium is in the blood, and the body will get it from bones and tissues if that level drops. That implies that a blood test could without much of a stretch demonstrate an ordinary reading, actually when whatever remains of the body is exceptionally inadequate. The best wellsprings of magnesium will always be food. Dietary wellsprings of magnesium incorporate green leafy vegetables. Cacao, seeds, and nuts of any sort are some of the highest food sources in magnesium. Marco Torres is a research specialist, writer and consumer advocate for healthy lifestyles. He holds degrees in Public Health and Environmental Science and is a professional speaker on topics such as disease prevention, environmental toxins and health policy. Related:",0
3482,"Israel settlements legal, Trump aide says, playing anti-Iran video message on Mount Zion","Politics Donald Trump, the Republican candidate for the US 2016 presidential election 
GOP nominee Donald Trump does not believe that settlements built by the Zionist regime of Israel in Palestine are illegal, his advisor on Israel says. 
David Friedman, who was campaigning for the New York billionaire at a restaurant on Mount Zion (Jabel Sahyoun) in East Jerusalem al-Quds, made the comments to AFP after the Wednesday rally. 
""I don't think he believes that the settlements are illegal,"" Friedman said. 
He also said the former reality TV star is ""tremendously skeptical"" about the so-called two-state solution, promoted by the Democratic administration of President Barack Obama during his eight years in office, but to no avail. David Friedman (L) exiting the Federal Building with Donald Trump and Ivanka Trump, (R) following their appearance in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Camden, New Jersey, February 25, 2010. (Photo via Bloomberg News) 
The Obama administration has already voiced criticism over Tel Aviv’s expansionist policies, considered illegal by the international community. 
The presence and continued expansion of Israeli settlements in the occupied Palestine has created a major obstacle for the efforts to establish peace in the Middle East. 
Over half a million Israelis live in more than 230 illegal settlements built since the 1967 Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories of the West Bank. A Palestinian man searches through his belongings after his family home was demolished by Israelis in Beit Hanina, near the Israeli settlement of Ramat Shlomo (background) in EAst Jerusalm al-Quds, on October 26, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
All Israeli settlements are illegal under the international law. Tel Aviv has defied calls to stop the settlement expansion in the occupied Palestinian territories. 
Guaranteeing enmity with Tehran 
Some 150 people, including extremist Israelis and evangelical Christians, took part in the Trump rally in on Wednesday. 
Friedman echoed previous remarks by Trump, saying the real estate mogul would recognize East Jerusalem al-Quds as the capital of Israel if he wins the White House in the US 2016 presidential election. 
A short video message by Trump was also played at the event, in which he said, ""Together we will stand up to the enemies like Iran, bent on destroying Israel and her people,"" Trump said. ""Together we will make America and Israel safe again."" 
According to leaked emails from March 2015 by former US secretary of state Colin Powell, the regime has pointed 200 nuclear weapons at the Iranian capital. Loading ...",0
3483,"U.S. Presidential Race, Colin Powell, Carla Hayden: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The presidential candidates focused on reassuring the public that they are in good health. Donald Trump taped an appearance on the “Dr. Oz Show” to be broadcast Thursday, giving a quick   of results from a recent medical exam. He revealed that he weighs 267 pounds, which is considered obese for a man of his height, about 6 foot 2. Hillary Clinton’s doctor said she was recovering well from pneumonia and remained “healthy and fit to serve as president of the United States. ” _____ 2. Hackers added another prominent victim: former Secretary of State Colin Powell. His blunt emails fractured the restraint of his public persona, revealing complaints about Mr. Trump (“a national disgrace”) and aides of Mrs. Clinton (for trying to “drag” him into her own email troubles). There was also antagonism toward other members of the Bush cabinet. Mr. Powell referred to former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld as “the idiot Rummy” and former Vice President Dick Cheney as “a spent force. ” _____ 3. Our analysts took a deep breath after Tuesday’s heady economic news, notably the fastest rate of U. S. income growth in decades. Sorting through the Census Bureau’s numbers uncovers cautionary notes: The gains for the poorest haven’t offset a decade of lost ground. And households outside of urban areas saw their incomes fall 2 percent  —   one source of the pain driving the   tenor of this elections cycle. _____ 4. President Obama welcomed Myanmar’s leader, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, to the White House and pledged to lift all remaining sanctions against the country as its reward “for a new way of doing business. ” His administration considers her rise from outlawed opposition leader as a triumph of democracy and a validation of the strategy of engagement with former U. S. adversaries. _____ 5. Pittsburgh logged Day 1 of Uber’s   car experiment. A few of the   service’s most loyal users are taking part in the pilot program, operating in a few square miles of the city’s downtown. During our own reporter’s test ride, a safety engineer in the driver’s seat took control of the car several times  —   to avoid speeders or when a truck suddenly backed out in front of them. “Pittsburgh,” an Uber officer said, “is the   diamond of driving. ” Meanwhile, Tesla Motors was faced with a fatal crash in China that may be the second involving its automated   system. _____ 6. A   study on prostate cancer is finally out. Researchers followed men with prostate cancer for 10 years and found no difference in death rates among those who had surgery, those who had radiation and those who chose to have the cancer monitored regularly and treated only if it progressed. One doctor said the findings helped confirm that monitoring  —   if regular and careful  —   is a valuable approach. _____ 7. Carla Hayden, a veteran of Baltimore’s library system, was sworn in as the 14th librarian of Congress, the nation’s leading repository of knowledge and culture. She is the first woman and the first   to serve in the role. “To be the head of an institution that’s associated with knowledge and reading and scholarship when slaves were forbidden to learn how to read on punishment of losing limbs, that’s kind of something,” she said. Our   reporting project wants to hear your stories about race and education. We want to hear from parents, teachers and students of    —   12, about how race and diversity are being discussed in schools and at home. _____ 8. Acrimony between Turkey and Europe over the Turkish government’s purges and repressions is fraying their deal to curb the flow of refugees. More than a thousand refugees, including Syrians, Afghans, Pakistanis and Iraqis, fled from Turkey to Greece last week. _____ 9. One of our   stories today  —   accompanied by one of our most beautiful photos  —   examines how Russia’s expression of power abroad includes the cross as well as the sword. The Russian Orthodox Church, which is closely allied with the Kremlin, is pushing into Western Europe with Vladimir Putin’s gospel of cultural conservatism. Above, a service for Russians killed in the July 14 terrorist attack at St. Nicholas Orthodox Cathedral in Nice, France. _____ 10. Finally, this is not a jungle gym. It’s a rendering of a    climbing sculpture  under construction on the Far West Side of Manhattan, created by Thomas Heatherwick, a polymathic British designer of sculpture, furniture and Shanghai’s 2010 World Expo. The darling of wealthy philanthropists and businessmen, he is aiming here to galvanize a development project, the Hudson Yards. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
3484,’Maduro Diet’: 3 Out of 4 Venezuelans Lost ’At Least 19 Pounds’ in 2016 - Breitbart,"A poll released this week among Venezuelan nationals found that 75 percent of Venezuelans reported losing “at least 19 pounds” in 2016, while 93 percent of Venezuelans said they do not have the money to secure three meals a day for themselves. [The Living Conditions Survey, organized in part by three national universities, also found that 83 percent of Venezuelans were below the nation’s poverty line.  While 78 percent of respondents confirmed that they eat breakfast, only 32 percent said they eat two meals a day. A combination of socialist economic mismanagement, government rationing of basic goods, and corruption have contributed to the situation in which Venezuela currently finds itself. For years, finding supermarkets properly stocked with basics such as flour, vegetable oil, and butter has been an odyssey for most Venezuelans. Under Hugo Chávez’s successor, Nicolás Maduro, the situation has become more desperate, with many Venezuelans resorting to extreme measures to survive. A poll released in September found that 15 percent of the nation relied on garbage, most from industrial businesses like groceries and restaurants, to eat. Over half of Venezuelans said they had experienced going to bed hungry, and a similar amount said they were forced to take days off from work to search for food. That situation has not improved  —   on the contrary, video surfacing this year appears to indicate that scavenging in garbage dumpsters for food has become so popular that Venezuelans now stand in line in front of dumpsters to look for food. Esto es revolución? Pasamos de anaqueles vacíos, colas para conseguir alimentos a hacer cola para comer de la basura #Venezuela @fcarolinahr pic. twitter.   —   IG: @alereportando (@AleReportando) February 19, 2017,  Venezuelans have begun sharing their findings of garbage piles with high potential for containing sustenance on social media. VIDEO    Mientras Maduro le cae a embustes a la prensa extranjera, en Los Palos Grandes se ve gente buscando qué comer en la basura. #Chacao pic. twitter.   —   Richard Sanz (@rsanz777) January 18, 2017,  Venezuelans eating rotting food risk their health on a regular basis, and incidents of entire families dying due to eating old or rotted food have occurred. Desperation has also fed crime in one of the most violent countries in the world. The   El Nuevo Herald published a report last month detailing new robbery tactics growing increasingly popular among Venezuelan youth. Gang attacks on people leaving markets have become more common, while the frequency of robberies in general increased between 15 and 20 percent in most municipalities nationwide in 2016. Maduro has responded to the growing threat of famine with a number of measures that appear to have worsened the situation. Last year, Maduro ordered the military to take full control of the nation’s food supply. Soldiers in charge of the food subsequently began demanding bribes to ship it around the country. When they were not paid, the food sat in docked cargo ships, rotting on many occasions and worsening the scarcity. Maduro also created a government unit called the CLAP (Local Committee for Supply and Production) to monitor the distribution of food packages in urban areas.   groups have accused the CLAP of distributing the food only to known government supporters and threatening not to feed households that have expressed opposition to socialism. Maduro announced this week that he would expand the CLAP program to government salaries, meaning government workers would be paid with CLAP food packages. In some cases, government workers would receive ration tickets to be used at   markets for food. “A food ticket is not a salary,” protested Miranda state governor Henrique Capriles Radonski, an opposition politician. He added that the tickets may soon be worthless thanks to hyperinflation: “What does someone do when 100, 000 bolívars in food tickets disappear thanks to inflation, because the price of food goes up every day?” Maduro has previously joked that his mismanagement of the economy has made Venezuelans fitter and more sexually virile. Referring to “Maduro’s diet” in September, the head of state said on national television, “Maduro’s diet gets you hard  —   no need for Viagra!”",0
3485,"What Is the Met Gala, and Who Gets to Go? - The New York Times","Officially, it’s the Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Benefit, a   extravaganza held the first Monday in May to raise money for the Costume Institute (a. k. a. the fashion department) the only one of the Met’s curatorial departments that has to fund itself. Unofficially, Monday night’s festivities in New York have been called many things, including “the party of the year,” “the Oscars of the East Coast” (mostly because of the star quotient and the elaborate red carpet, in which guests pose on the grand entrance stairs to the museum) and, somewhat pointedly, “an A. T. M. for the Met,” by the publicist Paul Wilmot. Update: see the 2016 red carpet arrivals here.  The party signals the opening of the Costume Institute’s annual blockbuster show, and it is known for its celebrity and fashion hosts. This year, the exhibit is “Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology,” and the hosts are Anna Wintour, chairwoman of the gala Jonathan Ive, chief design officer of Apple Taylor Swift and the actor Idris Elba. The honorary chairs are the Chanel designer Karl Lagerfeld Miuccia Prada and Nicolas Ghesquière, Louis Vuitton’s artistic director. All will be in attendance except for Mr. Lagerfeld, who will be in Cuba because the Chanel Cruise show is in Havana the day after the gala. Ms. Wintour, the editor of American Vogue and the artistic director of Condé Nast, took over as chairwoman of the gala in 1999. Since then, she has been instrumental in transforming a local philanthropic event into the ultimate global   cocktail: Take a jigger of famous names from fashion, add film, politics and business, and mix. It is among the hardest party tickets of the year to get  —   and thus intensely coveted. Tickets this year are $30, 000 apiece, and tables are $275, 000. The party and exhibit are sponsored (this year Apple is the main underwriter) so all the money raised from ticket sales goes to the Costume Institute. Last year, more than $12. 5 million was raised. Of course, not everyone pays for a ticket. Brands often invite celebrities to be their guests and sit at their table, and Ms. Wintour also often invites    designers who might not be able to afford a ticket and scatters them around the event. Last year, there were about 600 attendees. Dream on. Unlike other cultural   like the New York City Ballet gala or the Frick Collection’s Young Fellows Ball, the Met gala is   and there is a waiting list to get on the invitation list. Qualifications for inclusion have to do with buzz and achievement (and beauty) more than money. Ms. Wintour has final say over every invitation and attendee, which means that even if a brand buys a table, it cannot choose everyone who sits at its table: The brand must clear it with her, and Vogue. It’s reality TV at its most glamorous. Watch Justin Bieber schmooze with Rihanna! See Gisele Bündchen and Tom Brady greet Donatella Versace! Check out Chelsea Clinton kissing Diane von Furstenberg! Judge whether you approve of their outfits! You get the idea. (And where can you watch? On our Facebook live stream or on E! starting at 7pm ET.) It isn’t explicitly stated that attendees have to dress like the exhibition, but it is encouraged. This can sometimes backfire. In 2013, for example, the theme was “Punk,” and the red carpet, which featured Sarah Jessica Parker in a Philip Treacy fauxhawk hat and graffiti gown, and Madonna in fishnet shorts and a studded plaid jacket, was widely panned. Last year, the exhibit was “China: Through the Looking Glass,” and it created some politically incorrect moments when celebrities and the designers who dressed them got their Asian references muddled. (Lady Gaga, for example, wore a Balenciaga kimonolike look, which seemed to lean toward the Japanese ditto Georgia May Jagger in Gucci.) Generally, it is advisable to play it safe and just get really, really dressed up. That said, what is not negotiable is that if celebrities are invited to the gala by a brand, they have to wear clothes from that brand. This encourages brands to get the best celebrities because they can act as something of an advertisement for a house. It is also why, whenever designers are photographed on the red carpet, their “dates” are almost always famous people. Last year, for example, Marc Jacobs took Cher Christopher Kane, FKA Twigs Alexander Wang, Taraji P. Henson and Jeremy Scott, Katy Perry. This year, you can expect guests to be wearing a lot of Prada, Louis Vuitton and Chanel, given the honorary chairs, though the technology component could yield some interesting results. Beyoncé usually makes the final entrance, so it’s worth watching until the bitter end. The publicist Eleanor Lambert started the gala in 1948 as a typical philanthropic endeavor for the great and good of New York society. Pat Buckley, the wife of the conservative pundit William F. Buckley Jr. took over as chairwoman in 1979, but it has morphed into its current form only since the turn of the millennium. Ms. Wintour now oversees every detail, down to timed entrances for guests. It’s a secret! Since last year, posting on social media has been banned after the red carpet. What I can tell you is this: There is a receiving line inside with all the hosts, and guests have to file by and   them then they tour the exhibit on their way to the cocktail party, so they are at least theoretically forced to see the culture. After cocktails, they are called in to dinner, and there is always some form of entertainment (last year, it was Rihanna the year before, Frank Ocean). This is good, because as the red carpet part of the evening has become a giant marketing event, the fact that the main part of the event is private allows guests to relax and have fun. Or so they tell me.",0
3486,Prosecutor Says Arrests Disrupted ‘Imminent’ ISIS Attack in France - The New York Times,"PARIS  —   Five men who were arrested on Sunday in France were Islamic State operatives planning an “imminent” attack under the direction of a commander based in the terrorist group’s haven in Iraq and Syria, the authorities announced on Friday. The news immediately raised worries in France, which has been struck by three major terrorist attacks since January 2015, killing more than 200 people. The five men, ages 26 to 37, appeared before a special terrorism judge on Friday and were being investigated on terrorist conspiracy and weapons charges, according to the Paris prosecutor, François Molins, whose office handles terrorism cases nationwide. The five were among seven arrested in Strasbourg and Marseille on Sunday the other two have since been released. The arrests came shortly before the popular Christmas market in Strasbourg opened on Friday the annual tradition attracts 2 million visitors every year. Four of the suspects were arrested in Strasbourg. They were planning an attack for Dec. 1, Mr. Molins said, while adding that it was not yet clear what their target was “among all those that the group envisaged. ” Referring to news reports this week that militants were targeting the Disneyland Paris amusement park outside the capital, the   in Paris, and several other places, Mr. Molins said that the information was “detrimental to the ongoing investigations,” but he did not deny the reports. “It appears on one hand that the offenders were in possession of, or searching for, weapons and money, and on the other hand that they were about to take action and were looking for targets,” Mr. Molins said. He added that the findings were made with the help of an antiterrorism law that allows investigators to seize data during house searches, among other things. Mr. Molins identified the suspects arrested in Strasbourg as Yassine B. 37, a school employee Hicham M. 37, a warehouse worker Sami B. 36, a   father of three who worked in a grocery store and Zacaria M. 35, a   whose employment status was not disclosed. The four men were longtime friends who saw “each other on a regular basis” and communicated via a dedicated telephone line, Mr. Molins said. The fifth suspect, arrested in Marseille, was identified as Hicham E. a    Moroccan citizen who left his country in 2013 to emigrate to Portugal, from where he took multiple trips back and forth within Europe using fake identification papers. (The prosecutor earlier gave his age as 46.) The arrests followed an   investigation led by France’s domestic intelligence service, Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said on Monday. A tip by a “partner country” led to the arrest of Hicham E. officials said. The team in Strasbourg and the suspect in Marseille were given “common instructions” by a commander in the “  zone” on how to obtain weapons, Mr. Molins said. They received their orders via encrypted mobile apps. Mr. Molins did not identify their commander. Hicham M. and Yassine B. went to the   border in March 2015 via Cyprus, while Hicham E. was turned back in the summer of 2015 when he attempted to enter Turkey, Mr. Molins said. On a USB memory stick found at Yassine B. ’s house, the authorities found a document mentioning the “delivery of a sum of money,” as well as GPS coordinates and detailed instructions on how to obtain weapons and ammunition. Investigators also found Google Maps screenshots of searches of different places in Yassine B. ’s laptop and phone, which Mr. Molins said amounted to “a clear will to find and spot targets, to take action in the very short term. ” The suspect arrested in Marseille, Hicham E. had 4, 281 euros, or $4, 539, on him when he was apprehended, money that investigators believe was intended to buy weapons. Mr. Molins said that arms, documentation on potential targets and pledges to the Islamic State were found at the houses of members of the Strasbourg team. Guns and bullets were found at the homes of Yassine B. and Zacaria M. it was not clear how they were obtained. The authorities also said writings glorifying martyrdom and “openly” referring to the Islamic State leader Abu Bakr   were found in a notebook in Yassine B. ’s house, and several documents mentioning “threats against the integrity of our country” were contained in a notebook found in Hicham M. ’s house. Mr. Molins said it appeared from the investigations that Yassine B. and Hicham M. had downloaded the Periscope app onto their phones, possibly to record themselves committing violence. Five people suspected of having links to the same network as the seven men were arrested on June 14  —   a few days into the Euro 2016 soccer tournament being held in France  —   and two of them were kept in custody. Also in June, an Islamic State sympathizer, Larossi Abballa, pledged loyalty to the group in a Facebook video after killing a police captain and his companion outside Paris. “The attacks or attack plots which we have been, currently are, or will face again are ” Mr. Molins said.",0
3487,Immigrants Who Came to U.S. as Children Fear Deportation Under Trump - The New York Times,"Brought to the United States from Venezuela as a toddler, Carlos Roa was among the first young undocumented immigrants to be protected from deportation under a program President Obama set up in 2012 by executive action. Since then Mr. Roa, now 29, has put himself through college and is training to be an architect, drafting blueprints at a Chicago firm. But with the election of Donald J. Trump as president, Mr. Roa and 750, 000 other immigrants in the program, who came to the United States as children, have been swept up in a wave of anxiety, worried about losing the progress they have made and being forced back underground or even deported. Mr. Trump has promised to “immediately terminate” Mr. Obama’s executive actions on immigration, including the youth initiative. With deep roots in the United States, and with many supporters in civil rights groups, universities and city governments already mobilizing to shield them, many who came here as youths said they were prepared to fight efforts to end the program or expel them from the country. “I have been here for 27 years, and I am not going anywhere,” Mr. Roa said, in between strategy sessions at Casa Michoacán, a gathering place in Chicago where immigrants planned moves to resist. Young immigrants, who call themselves Dreamers, are already protesting at many colleges, and they have called for a march from New York to Washington starting Tuesday. They are pressing universities and employers to organize to defend the program and are making plans for havens on campuses and in churches. Canceling the program is one move Mr. Trump could make to satisfy his supporters, who reject Mr. Obama’s executive actions as illegal amnesties and examples of presidential overreach. A larger program for undocumented parents of American citizens and legal residents was halted this year by the Supreme Court. Among Latinos and immigrants, the program, called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals or DACA, is very popular, the only gain that Mr. Obama has achieved for undocumented immigrants. Most young people in the program are Latinos, and Latino organizations place a priority on protecting them, said Daniel Garza, the president of the Libre Initiative, a conservative Latino advocacy organization. “These kids are going to be exposed if DACA is rescinded and that’s so unfair,” Mr. Garza said. “We should be keeping families together, not tearing them apart. ” Mr. Trump has not provided details of his plans and his transition team did not respond to emails requesting comment. But the program was set up through policy guidelines written by the secretary of Homeland Security at the time, Janet Napolitano  —   there is not even a formal presidential order  —   so it can be terminated with a stroke of a new secretary’s pen. Immigrants are taking Mr. Trump at his word when he said he would eliminate the program: He has selected Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, a Republican who is one of its most vigorous opponents, as attorney general. Another Trump adviser, Kris Kobach, the Republican secretary of state of Kansas, brought a federal lawsuit against the program in 2012 it did not succeed. Mr. Trump’s pledges are chilling for the immigrants because when they signed up to the program, they provided identity information  —   including the names of their parents, home addresses, utility bills and school transcripts  —   to United States Citizenship and Immigration Services. The authorities deferred any action to deport them and gave them   renewable work permits, but no official immigration status. Administration officials said the citizenship agency could be asked to turn over that information to Homeland Security enforcement agents, who could track down the immigrants to deport them or their parents. Mr. Trump could also take a less harsh approach by allowing existing work permits to lapse and not approving new ones, but not initiating deportations. Advocacy groups have been inundated with calls from people afraid or despondent. Ruben Rivas, 27, a Mexican immigrant, said he had vacillated from fear to sadness to denial. In 2012 Mr. Rivas, the son of undocumented immigrants who spent their lives working   jobs, graduated from San Jose State University with a degree in business finance. He applied that year for DACA, never stopping to worry about offering the government details about his life. Now he works as a financial consultant and   a small income tax firm. “The first thought I had is that I have done everything right and it is all going to be taken away from me,” he said of his fears for the future of the program. “It feels a little bit like a betrayal. I’ve been here since I was 4 years old. I’m an American. ” Jennifer Marin, 29, a legal assistant, was brought to California from Guatemala when she was 1 year old. As a student at California State University, Dominguez Hills, she worked at a   store to pay her tuition. She applied for the program to get her driver’s license, worried that one missed stop sign could send her to jail and deportation, a prospect she could not face with two children. Now she has a license, a car and a home in a Los Angeles suburb she bought with her savings. “It feels like a step backward, to be back in this insecure place where you don’t know what the next step might be,” she said, her voice breaking with tears. She has tried not to cry in front of her children and to assure them that she is safe. Last week, Mr. Obama appealed to Mr. Trump “to think long and hard” before scrapping the program. Dick Durbin of Illinois, the   Senate Democrat, said on the floor and on Twitter that he would do “everything in my power” to save the program and protect “Dreamers who have stepped forward to contribute” to the country. Rights groups have been encouraging immigrants up for renewal on the program to reapply quickly. But they are generally urging newcomers not to apply. “The risk for everyone feels much larger than the potential benefit right now,” said Daniel Sharp, the legal director of the Central American Resource Center, a nonprofit legal aid organization in Los Angeles. Groups are pressing the Obama administration to speed up approvals to eliminate any backlogs before Mr. Trump takes office. On Thursday three House Democrats, including Representative Luis V. Gutiérrez of Illinois, asked Mr. Obama to issue a pardon to immigrants in the program. But White House officials said the president did not have the authority for a pardon that would provide lasting protection. If their work permits are canceled or expire, immigrants could face cascading consequences  —   losing jobs, driver’s licenses, professional certificates and the chance to pay   tuition for college. The impact would vary by state. In places like California  —   home to half of all DACA recipients  —   and New York, additional protections are enshrined in laws. But in the South and Midwest where there are fewer protections, “people might find they really stand out and are targeted,” said Roberto Gonzales, a Harvard professor who has studied young people in the program. Yet there were signs that young immigrants, who have been battling for a legal foothold in the United States for more than a decade, would not go back underground quietly. United We Dream, a national organization of young immigrants, said it would work with Voto Latino, a voter mobilization group, to encourage colleges to create havens for students who become undocumented once again. At the University of Houston, students organized a walkout on Monday and are working with local activists to designate the city as a sanctuary for undocumented immigrants. Mr. Roa, in Chicago, recalled that a decade ago he was afraid to confess his undocumented status to other students or have his photograph published in a newspaper. “Do you really think we are going back in time?” he asked. “I am going to be kicking and screaming. ”",0
3488,"21 Girls Kidnapped From Chibok School Released by Boko Haram, Nigeria Says - The New York Times","LAGOS, Nigeria  —   Two and a half years after nearly 300 girls were kidnapped from a school in northeastern Nigeria, the government said on Thursday that 21 of them had been freed, the biggest breakthrough in an ordeal that has shocked the world and laid bare the deadly instability gripping large parts of the country. Boko Haram, the radical Islamist group that has killed thousands of civilians, overrun villages and terrorized the region, seized the girls from a school in the town of Chibok on April 14, 2014. For many around the globe, the mass abduction provided a stunning introduction to a militant group that had been waging war against Nigerians for years. Soon after the girls were kidnapped, an international campaign began urging the Nigerian government to do more to secure their release, using the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls and drawing support from Michelle Obama and others. For more than a year, the Nigerian government has negotiated with Boko Haram to get the girls back. But the talks fell apart multiple times, in one case at the last minute, after the president had agreed to free imprisoned Boko Haram fighters. Another time, the talks failed because central members of Boko Haram’s negotiating team were killed. Finally, the government said Thursday, the negotiations bore fruit. Still, most of the girls remain in captivity, their whereabouts, health and circumstances unknown. “The release of the girls, in a limited number, is the outcome of negotiations between the administration and the Boko Haram, brokered by the International Red Cross and the Swiss government,” Garba Shehu, a spokesman for President Muhammadu Buhari, said in a series of messages posted on Twitter. “The negotiations will continue. ” The girls were released around 5:30 a. m. on Thursday, the government said. In addition to the 21 girls, a    boy born to one of them in captivity was released, it said. At a news conference in the capital, Abuja, the girls sat in rows in a room packed with government ministers, officials and journalists. Wearing colorful dresses, the girls listened to Vice President Yemi Osinbajo speak from behind a table, flanked by his ministers. “We can imagine what they’ve gone through,” he said. “So much needs to be done to get them back to living a normal life after so much trauma in captivity. ” Mr. Osinbajo described the girls as being in “reasonably good health considering the circumstances they’ve been held in. ” He added that they would stay in a medical facility “for some time, until we’re reasonably satisfied of their health condition. ” As for the other girls held by Boko Haram, Mr. Osinbajo suggested that “in the next few days, the next few months, we should be able to bring in more of these girls, along the same lines, using exactly the same negotiations. ” But he warned that the government, which is waging an aggressive campaign to fight Boko Haram and regain territory seized by the group, had the fate of the nation to consider as well. “We want to ensure that we bring these girls back alive,” Mr. Osinbajo said. “At the same time we, of course, balance this against the overall safety and security of the country. ” Relatives of the girls rejoiced, even before they knew whether their kin were among those freed. Lawan Zanna, the father of Aisha Zanna, one of the abducted girls, said by telephone that he hoped his daughter had been freed. All of the parents are “very happy hearing that they have released our daughters,” he said. “All are our daughters. ” Another parent, Esther Yakubu, said by telephone that she was praying that her daughter Dorcas was among those released. “They say it’s only 21,” she said. “Most of them are still out there, and we want them to come back. ’’ Manasseh Allen, a native of Chibok whose cousin was abducted, said in a phone interview that he hoped more girls could be rescued. “Once we have 21 parents now linked up with daughters, at least we have solved a good part of the problem,” he said. “So many will be hopeful that their daughters have been brought back. ” Asked if he thought a ransom was involved, he said: “Whether it’s a ransom, whether it’s a prisoner swap, the government knows how best to get these girls back. All we are after is to get the girls back. ” Earlier in the day, Lai Mohammed, the minister of information and culture, denied preliminary reports that Boko Haram fighters might have been released in exchange for the girls. “Please note that this is not a swap,” he said. “It is a release, the product of painstaking negotiations and trust on both sides. We see this as a credible first step in the eventual release of all the Chibok girls in captivity. ” The Bring Back Our Girls campaign thanked the Nigerian security services on Facebook and added: “We trust that our government will continue to work to keep the safety, security and   of the other girls a high priority. ” The abductions, during exam time at a boarding school,  increased pressure on the government to fight Boko Haram, which has raged through parts of northern Nigeria for years, burning entire villages and carrying out rape, beheadings, looting and other acts of violence. Some girls managed to escape shortly after the fighters stormed their school and hauled away their classmates, and in May, the authorities announced that one girl, Amina Ali, had been found she was wandering in the forest when members of a vigilante group came across her as they prepared to ambush a Boko Haram camp. But a majority of the girls are still missing, and it is feared that many may never return. In August, Boko Haram released a video purporting to show the bodies of several kidnapped schoolgirls who fighters said were killed by Nigerian airstrikes. The girls still in captivity are thought to be held by a faction controlled by the Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau, rather than a newer faction that has been endorsed by the Islamic State. The latter faction split from Mr. Shekau’s group after an ideological dispute over killings that targeted Muslims. Western intelligence officials have said they believe the girls are scattered in small groups, another hurdle to rescuing them. The Nigerian military, with help from troops from neighboring nations and from the United States, Britain and France, has made big advances against Boko Haram in recent months. But it has had trouble holding towns once liberated from Boko Haram control, and Boko Haram fighters have also taken the fight to neighboring countries like Niger.",0
3489,"Your Thursday Evening Briefing: Ted Cruz, Donald Trump, N.F.L. - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. President Obama has offered Israel the largest package of military aid the U. S. has ever proposed to any nation, but the Israelis have asked for a more generous plan. The package, possibly more than $40 billion over 10 years, is meant to replace the current $3 billion a year, which expires in 2018. Israel says the Iran nuclear deal has intensified its security challenges. _____ 2. “Lucifer in the flesh. ” “I have never worked with a more miserable son of a bitch in my life. ” That was the former House Speaker John Boehner, revealing the depth of his antipathy for the Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz. Mr. Cruz responded that Mr. Boehner had “allowed his inner Trump to come out. ” He said the comments validated his own standing as a maverick in Washington. _____ 3. Donald Trump’s sweep of five primaries this week added so significantly to his delegate count that he may not even need to win Indiana next week. He is estimated to have won 110 of the 118 pledged delegates at stake on Tuesday, and appears to have claimed about 40 of Pennsylvania’s unpledged delegates. Check out the numbers in our updated delegate counter. _____ 4. One of our   articles today looks deeply at President Obama’s handling of the economy. In a series of conversations with one of our top business reporters, Mr. Obama reveals frustration with Republican criticism that ignores gains, including the longest period of sustained job growth on record. When people hear “that things are terrible all the time,” Mr. Obama said, “then people will start absorbing that. ” _____ 5. Round 1 of the N. F. L. draft started tonight at 8 p. m. Eastern (ESPN and NFL Network). Chicago plays host for the second straight year. The Los Angeles Rams led off by picking the quarterback Jared Goff of California, and the New England Patriots won’t get to pick till Friday as part of their Deflategate punishment. Our live coverage is here. _____ 6. Two female journalists have jolted the sports world with a   video revealing the kind of messages they regularly receive  —   read aloud by male friends staggered by the viciousness. Examples: “You need to be hit in the head with a hockey puck and killed,” and “I hope you get raped again. ” Our columnist, who has received many similar messages, asks: “So much hate. And for what?” _____ 7. Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York is under scrutiny in five investigations by federal, state and local agencies. Most involve   linked to the mayor, his election campaign or a nonprofit group connected with him. “I can’t recall any other sort of perfect storm like this, coming from all those different angles,” a historian said of the welter of inquiries. _____ 8. China became the latest country to sharply restrict the operations of nongovernmental groups, fearing their power to undermine authoritarian rule. A new law requires some 7, 000 such groups to find an official sponsor and register with the police  —   serious obstacles for those that promote workers’ rights, ethnic equality or religious freedom. _____ 9. That’s it for DreamWorks Animation, maker of “Kung Fu Panda,” “How to Train Your Dragon” and “Shrek. ” Hollywood’s smallest publicly traded studio ended 12 years of turbulent independence with a deal to sell itself to Comcast’s giant NBCUniversal. Jeffrey Katzenberg, the founding chief executive, is expected to pocket nearly $400 million of the $3. 8 billion deal. U. S. stocks fell. Apple logged a second day of losses, helping drag down tech stocks, and energy stocks tumbled despite a gain in the price of oil. _____ 10. Syria’s partial truce shattered as the northern city of Aleppo plunged back into   war. Government airstrikes destroyed a hospital, and rebels counterattacked with mortars. Vice President Joe Biden traveled to neighboring Iraq, hoping to pull that country’s political leadership out of its latest crisis and strengthen the fight against the Islamic State. _____ 11. One of the first women to graduate from the Army’s elite Ranger school is now qualified to lead troops into combat. Capt. Kristen Griest, above right, finished a final course, breaking another barrier to full service. “We are at a time and a place in the world where we need to have the best leaders from everywhere,” an Army spokesman said, “and that includes women. ” _____ 12. Finally, Happy Ed Balls Day. Britain has been celebrating its Twitter joke for five years, ever since a political official named Ed Balls inadvertently posted his name on the platform. Mr. Balls, pictured above in a typically   moment last year, has taken the joke in stride. “It’s as incomprehensible as the Internet and social media can get, but people enjoy it,” he said. “I shrug my shoulders. ” _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
3490,Trump Appoints Pro-Life Advocate Assistant Secretary of HHS for Public Affairs,"President Donald Trump has appointed the   advocate and former president of Americans United for Life (AUL) Dr. Charmaine Yoest, to be assistant secretary of public affairs for the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). [National   leader and Susan B. Anthony List President Marjorie Dannenfelser responded to the announcement of Yoest’s appointment with the following statement:  Charmaine Yoest is one of the   movement’s most articulate and powerful communicators. As the former president and CEO of Americans United for Life, she led groundbreaking efforts to advance     legislation at the state level. She is perfectly suited to take on this role at HHS and it is no surprise to see President Trump once again appoint a strong,   woman to his team. The fact that Yoest will be replacing Kevin Griffis, who now works for Planned Parenthood, is another indication of the dramatic change we’ve seen in Washington since the election of President Trump. This is a new era for the   movement and our fight to protect unborn children and their mothers from the horror of abortion. Planned Parenthood, the nation’s largest provider of abortions, reacted to Yoest’s appointment with a tweet expressing its disapproval: Someone with history of promoting #AlternativeFacts shouldn’t be in an @HHSGov position that informs the public. https:  .   —   Planned Parenthood (@PPact) April 28, 2017,  As president of AUL, Yoest worked to emphasize the negative consequences of abortion for both women and their unborn babies and to require young girls to obtain the consent of their parents prior to obtaining abortions. Yoest has been a senior fellow at American Values in Washington, DC.  She served in the White House under President Ronald Reagan in the Office of Presidential Personnel. Additionally, she served as a Trump for President surrogate and a senior adviser to the 2008 Huckabee for President campaign.",0
3491,"Review: In ‘The Innocents,’ Not Even Nuns Are Spared War Horrors - The New York Times","Much of Anne Fontaine’s blistering film “The Innocents” is set within the walls of a Polish convent in December 1945, just after the end of World War II. What at first appears to be an austere, holy retreat from surrounding horrors is revealed to be a savagely violated sanctuary awash in fear, trauma and shame. The   forested landscape of the convent is photographed to suggest an ominous frontier that offers no refuge from marauding outsiders. The central character, Mathilde (Lou de Laâge, of “Breathe”) is a young doctor caring for French soldiers in a Red Cross hospital. One day, a young nun appears and pleads with Mathilde to make an emergency visit to a Benedictine convent to save the life of a sister who lies gravely ill. Defying hospital protocol, Mathilde slips away to the convent, where she discovers a pregnant novice in the throes of labor. Mathilde delivers the baby by cesarean section but is sworn to secrecy by the fearful Mother Abbess (Agata Kulesza, of “Ida”) who is terrified lest the news of a pregnant nun tarnish the convent’s reputation. Mathilde, a nonbeliever, learns that several months earlier, Soviet soldiers occupying Poland stormed the convent and repeatedly raped the nuns, leaving many pregnant. Mathilde agrees to return and assist in the deliveries of their babies. “The Innocents” is based on real events, recounted in notes by Madeleine Pauliac, a Red Cross doctor on whom Mathilde is based. Ms. Fontaine (“Coco Before Chanel,” “Gemma Bovery”) who extensively researched these atrocities and spent time in two Benedictine convents, writes in the production notes that the soldiers felt no sense of wrongdoing, because they were encouraged by their superiors to commit these crimes as a reward for their hard work on the battlefield. While driving back to the hospital, Mathilde is intercepted at a Soviet checkpoint and pounced on by soldiers, one of whom announces, “She wants all of us!” Were the assault not interrupted by a senior officer, the scene would be unwatchable. “The Innocents” weaves several narrative strands into a complex of themes that sometimes pull against one another. Mathilde, serenely acted by Ms. de Laâge, is a beautiful, preternaturally wise and compassionate young woman: a modern heroine undaunted by the horrors of the world. When a band of soldiers returns to the convent while she is there, her quick thinking saves the nuns from another harrowing round of assaults. The movie gives her a   story in her affair with a medical supervisor, Samuel (Vincent Macaigne) a soulful Jewish doctor. The screenplay (by Ms. Fontaine, Pascal Bonitzer, Sabrina B. Karine and Alice Vial, working from a concept by Philippe Maynial) depicts the relationship as a friendly romance of convenience by two lonely, overstressed people who may never meet again. When Mathilde returns to the convent, he accompanies her, and they work as a team to deliver the remaining babies. The film takes care to distinguish the sisters from one another in their responses to a kind of brutality that the most naïve among them couldn’t have imagined. Those with more worldly backgrounds are better able to cope. “The Innocents” resists the temptation to wallow in sentiment as the nuns give birth, and images of new mothers cuddling their newborns are kept to a minimum. What you feel is their agony, terror and confusion. But the film surrenders to convention once a   solution is found for the care of the little ones. It is a soggy end to an otherwise tough, troubling film whose images of brutality and helplessness are hard to shake. “The Innocents” is most interested in exploring how the atrocities test the sisters’ religious faith. As more of them give birth, the movie creates a complex group portrait. To a degree, Maria (Agata Buzek) the sister who showed up at the hospital begging for help, speaks for all of them when she describes the challenges and rewards of belief and   as “24 hours of doubt for one minute of hope. ” The most complicated and compelling character is the severe Mother Abbess, who faces an excruciating choice between saving a baby’s life and risking disgrace, or abandoning the infant. Ms. Kulesza’s anguished performance conveys the weight of an almost unbearable choice, which she believes condemns her to eternal damnation. “The Innocents” is  rated   (Parents strongly cautioned) for a scene of sexual assault and some bloody images. It is in French and Polish, with English subtitles. Running time: 1 hour 55 minutes.",0
3492,"Review: Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher, at Home in ‘Bright Lights’ - The New York Times","Perhaps the documentary “Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds” would seem less poignant and compelling had its subjects not just died, or had they not died, stunningly, within a day of each other. But the movie’s plucky intimacy shines through that fog. It’s a portrait, not a tribute  —   though as the documentary reminds us, every portrait is in some way a tribute to something. The film, directed by the actor Fisher Stevens and Alexis Bloom, debuts on HBO Saturday night after the cable network moved up its premiere from March. That decision is hard to begrudge. As this movie makes evident, these two were no strangers to making headlines. Ms. Reynolds was well known to one generation for, in part, the tabloid bonanza surrounding her when her husband Eddie Fisher skipped out with her best friend, Elizabeth Taylor. Several other generations have grown up surrounded by all things Princess Leia, memorably played by Ms. Fisher in the “Star Wars” films. “Bright Lights” finds mother and daughter living in separate houses in what they call “the compound. ” Ms. Fisher takes a soufflé out of her oven and carries it on a tray down the path to her mother’s house. “I usually come to her,” Ms. Fisher says. She pauses. “I always come to her. ” Who wouldn’t? She’s Debbie Reynolds, movie star and cabaret performer. Ms. Reynolds rose to fame with cheery, wholesome roles, and even in her 80s could turn on that pert sunniness in a split second, so smoothly you’d never know it was an act  —   except that this is a documentary, and it includes the footage of just before this light clicks on. “It’s not my best day,” she sighs, sounding weary and a little   as she and Mr. Stevens discuss where exactly the camera will be. And then  —   bing!  —   there she is, as perky as a kindergarten teacher. Because the gently quirky celebrity documentary is an enjoyable if standardized format, the potency of “Bright Lights” sneaks up on you. If it were just about its subjects’ huge, starry lives, that really would be enough for a documentary. But it also smartly, and subtly, pushes its audience to ask two of modern pop society’s central, uncomfortable questions: First, are famous people “real” people? And second, am I becoming my mother? By the time Mr. Stevens and Ms. Bloom start filming, this almost cosmic   between mother and daughter seems to have resolved itself to a wry but balanced mutual orbit. Though both women seem a little reluctant to admit it, the similarities between them abound. Ms. Fisher’s house is decorated eclectically, with memorabilia and silly knickknacks everywhere. Ms. Reynolds’s collection is far more orderly: She was among Hollywood’s great archivists and had hoped to open a museum, but instead is resigned to auctioning off many of her pieces, including Marilyn Monroe’s famous   dress from “The Seven Year Itch” and a pair of Judy Garland’s   shoes from “The Wizard of Oz. ” “I like my ghosts,” she tells her daughter. Ms. Fisher is brainy and salty and hilarious, and she’s frank and eloquent in describing being bipolar. We see both archival and    footage of Ms. Fisher in manic phases, and she’s articulate, artful even, about her  . “One mood is the meal the next mood is the check,” she says. But she too knows how to flip the switch. She refers to her appearances at fan conventions as “the lap dance,” but engages with her fans nonetheless. A woman cries. Little girls in their Princess Leia costumes beam. Their heroine gamely poses for photo after photo, signing every manner of memorabilia. It’s not so different, really, from her mother’s cabaret act. That nightclub act comes up several times in “Bright Lights,” including footage of a    Carrie being summoned to the stage to sing “Bridge Over Troubled Water. ” Her bold alto voice and sassy   almost, but don’t quite, belie that she’s a barely cooperative teenager desperate to rebel. Ms. Fisher says she rejected singing more or less to spite her mother. Six or so years after that nightclub performance, she married Paul Simon. You know. The guy who wrote “Bridge Over Troubled Water. ” It’s all so Hollywood, so poetic, so dramatic. Despite their extraordinary circumstances, much of the family banter among Ms. Reynolds her son, Todd Fisher and Ms. Fisher seems like ordinary talk. Adult siblings agonize over an aging parent’s finances and  . Mother and daughter have the same shoes. Brother and sister exchange knowing “well, that’s Mom” shrugs. There’s no people like show people, but Hollywood families are, somehow, still just families.",0
3493,"James Rosenquist, Pop Art Pioneer, Dies at 83 - The New York Times","James Rosenquist, who helped define Pop Art in its 1960s heyday with his boldly scaled painted montages of commercial imagery, died on Friday in New York City. He was 83 years old. His wife, Mimi Thompson, said Mr. Rosenquist died at his home after a long illness. Like his contemporaries Andy Warhol and Roy Lichtenstein, Mr. Rosenquist developed a powerful graphic style in the early 1960s that traditionalists reviled and a broad public enthusiastically embraced. The Pop artists took for their subject matter images and objects from the mass media and popular culture, including advertising, comic books and consumer products. They also employed techniques that until then had been associated primarily with commercial and industrial methods of production, like silk screening or, in Mr. Rosenquist’s case, billboard painting. Mr. Rosenquist himself drew on his experience painting immense movie billboards above Times Square and a Hebrew National sign in Brooklyn. It was while working in New York as a sign painter by day and an abstract painter by night that he had the idea to import the   broadly painted representational pictures from outdoor advertising into the realm of fine art. “Was importing the method into art a bit of a cheap trick?” the critic Peter Schjeldahl wrote in The New Yorker in 2003 on the occasion of a ballyhooed retrospective of Mr. Rosenquist’s work at the Guggenheim Museum in New York. “So were Warhol’s photo   and Lichtenstein’s limning of panels from comic strips. “The goal in all cases,” Mr. Schjeldahl added, “was to fuse painting aesthetics with the semiotics of   contemporary reality. The naked efficiency of   artmaking defines classic Pop. It’s as if someone were inviting you to inspect the fist with which he simultaneously punches you. ” Mr. Rosenquist drew inspiration, too, from the tradition of Surrealistic collage, as well as from the montage designs of contemporary advertising, to create disjunctive compositions of cropped and fragmented images of cars, movie stars, food products and domestic appliances. Though painted by hand in a lucidly simplified realistic style, the juxtapositions of images remain mysterious. The paintings could be viewed both as critiques of modern consumerism and as glimpses into the collective American consciousness. “The art’s formal ingenuity can jump out at you as forcefully as the grill of a Ford or a fragment of Marilyn Monroe’s lips or the cap from a Pepsi bottle or a stack of Fiesta dishes in a dish rack,” Michael Kimmelman wrote in The New York Times, also in 2003. Mr. Rosenquist’s paintings rarely contained overt political messages, but his   work, the enormous ”” was made in 1964 and 1965 in part as a protest against American militarism. In it, the image of a modern fighter plane stretching 86 feet across a grid of 51 canvas and aluminum panels is interrupted by images of a colossal tire, a beach umbrella, a mushroom cloud, spaghetti and tomato sauce, and a little girl under a chrome hair dryer that resembles a warhead. Mr. Rosenquist meant to sell the painting as separate panels, but the collector Robert Scull bought it whole and kept it that way. It is now in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art in New York. James Albert Rosenquist was born in Grand Forks, N. D. on Nov. 29, 1933, and grew up in various towns in Minnesota and Ohio before his parents settled in Minneapolis in 1944. His father, Louis, was an airplane mechanic, among other things. His mother, Ruth, an amateur painter who could also fly a plane, encouraged his interests in art, and he won a scholarship to study at the Minneapolis Institute of Arts when he was in junior high school. Mr. Rosenquist studied art at the University of Minnesota from 1952 to 1954, and during his summer vacation in 1953 he worked for a contractor painting gas station signs, storage tanks and grain silos. After receiving an associate degree in studio art, he went to work for a billboard company painting advertisements for movies, liquor and soft drinks. One assignment, during the Davy Crockett craze that swept the United States on the heels of a Walt Disney   was to paint    coonskin caps. In 1955, Mr. Rosenquist received a   scholarship to the Art Students League in New York, arriving with $350 in his pocket, he said. He studied there with Will Barnet, Edwin Dickinson and George Grosz, among others. He also began frequenting the Cedar Tavern in Greenwich Village, a gathering place for painters and poets. “There was Bill de Kooning, Franz Kline,” Mr. Rosenquist told The Times in 2003. After leaving school the next year, he held a series of odd jobs before returning to sign painting, joining the sign painters union and working mostly for the Artkraft Strauss Sign Corporation, which painted some of the largest billboards in the world. “Much of the aesthetic of my work comes from doing commercial art,” Mr. Rosenquist said. “I painted pieces of bread, Arrow shirts, movie stars. It was very interesting. Before I came to New York I wanted to paint the Sistine Chapel. I thought this is where the school of mural painting exists. You were painting things up close, like big chocolate cakes. In Brooklyn, I painted Schenley whiskey bottles two stories high, 147 of them over every candy store. ” He continued the work until 1960, when he quit for good after two   fell from a scaffold and died. That year he rented the former studio of Agnes Martin at   Coenties Slip, a building on the East River in Lower Manhattan where Robert Indiana, Ellsworth Kelly, Jasper Johns and Jack Youngerman also had studios. Until then, Mr. Rosenquist had been making paintings consisting of allover fields of brushmarks in the spirit of Abstract Expressionism. Now, influenced in part by the works of Robert Rauschenberg and Mr. Johns, whom he had gotten to know, he began to use his sign painting skills. During the course of his career, Mr. Rosenquist experimented with sculptural assemblage and environmental installations, and he sometimes attached   objects to his pictures. But he remained mainly a representational painter. In later years, some of his paintings approached a kind of futuristic, kaleidoscopic abstraction, but the play with different sorts of images and illusions persisted. Mr. Rosenquist’s first marriage, to Mary Lou Adams, ended in divorce. He is survived by Ms. Thompson, his second wife his son John, from his first marriage, his daughter Lily, from his second marriage, and a grandson, Oscar. Mr. Rosenquist’s first solo exhibition, at the Green Gallery in 1962, sold out. That same year his work was included in a survey of new art at Sidney Janis Gallery called “International Exhibition of the New Realists” that put what would soon come to be known as Pop Art on the map of contemporary consciousness. In 1965, he showed “ ” in his first exhibition at the Leo Castelli Gallery, which by then represented most of major Pop artists. The painting was subsequently exhibited at the Jewish Museum and then taken on a tour or Europe. Besides the show at the Guggenheim in 2003, Mr. Rosenquist had museum retrospectives at the National Gallery of Canada in Ottawa in 1968 the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York in 1972 and the Denver Art Museum in 1985. He had an exhibition at the Haunch of Venison Gallery in London, now defunct, in 2006, and a solo show at the Acquavella Galleries in New York in 2012. His most recent exhibition opened last fall at the Galerie Thaddaeus Ropac in Paris. And the Museum Ludwig in Cologne, Germany, will host an exhibition of his work later this year. For many years he worked out of a loft building on Chambers Street that he bought in 1977 for $120, 000. In 1978, he was appointed by President Jimmy Carter to a   term on the National Council on the Arts, a group that advises the National Endowment for the Arts. In later years he spent much of his time in Aripeka, Fla. where he kept a home, an office and studio space. A catastrophic fire destroyed the properties in 2009. William Acquavella, the New York art dealer, said that Mr. Rosenquist lost a significant amount of work in the fire. “He just rebounded from it,” he said. “Another guy would have had a tougher time bouncing back. But he enjoyed working, he enjoyed creating things, and he enjoyed painting. ” Mr. Rosenquist also had homes in Bedford, N. Y. and Miami. Recently, he had been spending most of his time in New York City, Ms. Thompson said. In 2009, Mr. Rosenquist published an autobiography, “Painting Below Zero: Notes on a Life in Art,” written with David Dalton. Reviewing it in The New York Times, Dwight Garner called it “a ruddy and humble book, lighted from within by the author’s plainspoken,   charm. ” In the book, Mr. Rosenquist talked about the movement he helped launch. “Pop Art. I’ve never cared for the term, but after half a century of being described as a Pop artist I’m resigned to it,” he said. “Still, I don’t know what Pop Art means, to tell you the truth. ”",0
3494,"Mike Pence, N.S.A., Nobel Prize: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. News about digital surveillance dominated the day. The F. B. I. announced it had arrested an N. S. A. contractor on suspicion of stealing computer code developed to hack into the networks of foreign governments. Like Edward Snowden, the contractor worked at the consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton. Separately, a government official confirmed that the Justice Department had ordered Yahoo to scan its users’ emails in search of the “signature” of a   foreign terrorist organization. ____ 2. The United Nations Security Council announced its pick to succeed Ban   as secretary general: António Guterres of Portugal, who led the U. N. refugee agency for 10 years. If approved in a final vote, Mr. Guterres would assume the post next year. ____ 3. Emergencies have already been declared in several Southern states in the projected path of Hurricane Matthew. The storm is expected to start pelting Florida with rain and damaging winds late Thursday. “Regardless of if there’s a direct hit or not, the impacts will be devastating,” Gov. Rick Scott said. The storm was blamed for the deaths of five people in Haiti, where the scope of destruction is still becoming clear. ____ 4. Three pioneers of molecular machinery were awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.   Sauvage, J. Fraser Stoddart and Bernard L. Feringa, above, won for the design and synthesis of “molecular machines,” which are   the width of a strand of human hair. “Think about tiny robots that the doctor in the future will inject in your blood veins, and they go search for cancer cells,” Dr. Feringa said. ____ 5. So who won the   debate? Commentators are giving the edge to Mike Pence, the Republican, who stayed calm as Tim Kaine, the Democrat, pressed him to defend Donald Trump. Or, as our television critic said: “Mr. Kaine made the case against Donald Trump. Mr. Pence made the case for Mr. Pence. ” Mr. Trump’s support has plunged across the   map over the last 10 days, worrying Republican Congressional candidates. ____ 6. Mr. Pence and Mr. Kaine did largely agree on one issue: Both said they favored a plan to create “safe zones” in Syria to protect civilians from government bombs, although neither offered details. Analysts say Russia is using the waning days of the Obama administration to strengthen President Bashar  ’s hold on power in the country. ____ 7. Tens of thousands of Afghans whose asylum applications were rejected in Europe will be sent back to Afghanistan. The European Union and Afghanistan announced the deal at a gathering in Brussels where dozens of governments pledged more than $3 billion in aid to the country. ____ 8. And more than 11, 000 African migrants trying to reach Italy on perilously overcrowded boats were rescued from the Mediterranean this week. A photographer captured  scenes of panicking migrants, including children, who had been stranded at sea for at least 12 hours. Dozens had died, asphyxiated, crushed or pushed overboard. Hundreds of people were found in the cargo hold of a shipping vessel, in conditions that an aid worker likened to those of a slave ship. ____ 9. In this week’s magazine, dedicated to the subject of food,  Michael Pollan examines the impact  —   and lack thereof  —   that the Obama administration has had on the food industry. Mr. Pollan had, in a 2008 letter, lobbied for Mr. Obama to use his presidency to challenge Big Food. (Here are some dizzying photos of today’s agriculture industry.) The Obamas made an effort, he writes, but often did not succeed. Now, the industry appears to be facing a much more powerful force: shoppers’ evolving preferences. ____ 10. Maria Sharapova, whose doping ban from tennis was reduced Tuesday, has lashed out at the sport’s top officials. “I knew that I would have the final say,” she said in an interview, criticizing the International Tennis Federation for how it communicated changes to banned drugs and how it handled her case. ____ 11. From MailChimp. Mail   …      ?  If that mispronunciation sounds familiar, then you were probably hooked on “Serial,” the   podcast sponsored by the email marketing  . MailChimp is on track to top $400 million in revenue this year, but its story of success goes beyond a deft advertising choice. The company’s founders broke the typical   mold, rejecting outside funding and growing slowly. Where does the name come from? A failed online greeting card business. One of the cards featured a chimp. ____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
3496,Michael Bloomberg: 55 Percent Chance Trump Gets Re-Elected in 2020,"Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg told the New York Times Wednesday that he estimates President Donald Trump has a 55 percent chance at  . [Bloomberg, who has been harshly critical of President Trump, thought Democratic   would make Trump the odds on favorite in 2020.  “They’ll step on each other and   Donald Trump,” he told the Times‘s Frank Bruni, adding that there is a “55 percent chance he gets  . ” Bruni, for his part, was horrified by the estimate. “  percent? Whether good for my longevity or not, I need a cookie,” he wrote, comparing the campaign to unseat Trump to Bloomberg’s   crusades against smoking and junk food. Bloomberg was brutal in his critique of Hillary Clinton’s failed bid for the White House. ‘Hillary said, ‘Vote for me because I’m a woman and the other guy’s bad,’” he said. The   former mayor has a long and tumultuous history with the president. Despite Trump’s occasional praise of his fellow NYC billionaire’s time as leader of the Big Apple, things turned ugly after Trump’s presidential campaign kicked off. Bloomberg, nominally an independent, spoke at the 2016 Democratic National Convention, telling the packed arena, “The bottom line is: [Trump] is a risky, reckless, and radical choice, and we can’t afford to make that choice. ” Trump was quick to hit back, telling ABC News, “Michael Bloomberg couldn’t get elected as a dog catcher in New York. ” Bloomberg, best known outside New York for his steadfast opposition to gun rights, support for taxes on soda, and the   news outlet that bears his name, has not let up on the president since Trump took office. In March, he appeared to defy the president and Congress, saying America will meet the requirements of the Paris climate agreement regardless of what the democratically elected government tries to do.",0
3497,Chicago Ends February Well Ahead of Violence Over Last Year,"The last weekend in February ended with another four killed and 10 wounded in Chicago. The tally puts the death toll well ahead of the end of the second month last year. [Over a chilly   Chicago again had several incidents with multiple shooting victims per attack with one of those incidents ending with two killed.  Two men were killed early on Saturday morning during an incident in the city’s Woodlawn neighborhood. At about 1 AM two men in hoodies opened fire on a group of people attending a house party in the 6500 block of South Drexel. A    man took a slug to the head and a    man was hit in the chest. Both died soon after, according to the Chicago  . A list of others wounded during the weekend includes a    girl shot in the backside. She is in stable condition. Thus far this year Chicago has already seen 98 people shot and killed with a total of 512 shot. Another five murders by other means brings the total killed in Chicago to 103. Even as February, being one of the coldest months in Chicago, usually has one of the lower shooting tallies, the number of victims and deaths wracked up in the Windy City has already exceeded that of 2016, a year that ended with more shootings than any year in decades. By the end of February last year 189 had been shot in Chicago compared to this year’s 201 total shooting victims. With 72 shot in 2014 and 75 shot in 2015, that is a 152 percent rise year over year. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
3498,CNN’s Acosta on Off-Camera Gaggles: ’This Isn’t How We Do Things in This Country’ - Breitbart,"Monday on CNN’s “Newsroom,”  senior White House correspondent Jim Acosta criticized White House press secretary Sean Spicer for holding     press gaggles instead of the traditional   daily White House briefings.  Partial transcript as follows: BALDWIN: Just into CNN, the White House telling reporters in an   briefing a bit about the possibility of tapes being released, perhaps, but it sounds like maybe, not a lot. Jim Acosta is our senior White House correspondent who left the     briefing. I saw your tweet. You’re feeling like they are stonewalling? ACOSTA:  The White House mandated that we are not allowed to cover the White House press secretary for the United States of America in that fashion. So yes, when we’re asking important questions about —  where is the tape? Does the president have recordings of conversations here? The White House is refusing to answer those questions on camera or in any kind of fashion where we can record the audio. My guess is because they want their evasive answers not saved for posterity. That is the only conclusion one could draw. That when they give you answers, that it somehow reads better in print than it could be being seen on television or heard over the radio. There were a number of important questions asked about the health care bill that is being cobbled together in the Senate and what the White House has to say about that. You won’t hear or see those answers. The question was asked whether the president has the ability to fire Robert Mueller, you won’t hear or see the answers to those questions. You’ll only be able to read about it. And people will probably go, the media is cry babies, they can’t cover the way they want. Maybe I’m   but I think the White House for the United States of America should have the questions answered on camera. When they don’t do this, they’re doing a disservice to the people of the country. I don’t want to sound like I’m getting on my soapbox, but when Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, who is pretty highly paid as a White House official, comes in and says you can’t record the video or audio from these briefings  —   that wouldn’t be tolerated at city council meetings or a governor’s press conference  —  here we have the representative of the President of the United States saying, ‘No, you can’t cover it that way.’ I just don’t know what we are doing. It’s not even like we are covering a White House with Kellyanne Conway and Omarosa in the briefing room off to the side of Sean refusing to be on camera. It’s just like we are covering bad reality television, is what it feels like now. BALDWIN: Well, I’m with you. I’m   and I stand with you. On your evasive answers note, I understand he gave another evasive answer. ACOSTA: That’s right. He was asked —  because the president said this more than a week ago, he was going to answer this question, where are these tapes? The president said you would find out about that shortly. More has gone by, and Sean Spicer said off camera, no audio, perhaps we’ll have an answer this week. Sean told us in the past he would get an answer whether the president believes in climate change. The question was asked —  have you gone back and asked the question to that? He did not have an answer to that question, on a matter that happened a couple weeks ago. So the White House press secretary is getting to a point, Brooke, where he is kind of useless. You know, if he can’t come out and answer the questions and they’re not going to do the audio, why even have they gaggles in the first place? BALDWIN: Is he not even having conversations with the president? Does he simply not know? ACOSTA: It’s a really good question, Brooke, a question I would ask, but unfortunately at this White House, we wouldn’t have the video or audio to show you the answer to that question because of the stonewalling we’re getting here at the White House. That’s the White House behind me. The White House. And it’s just —  it’s bizarre. I don’t know what world we’re living in where we’re standing at the White House, and they bring us into the briefing room here and they won’t answer these questions on camera or let us record the audio. I don’t know why everybody is going along with this. It just doesn’t make sense, and it just sort of feels like we’re sort of slowly but surely by being dragged into a new normal where the President of the United States is allowed to insulate himself from answering hard questions. He hasn’t had a   press conference since February. He has the    press conferences with a foreign head of state where he may take a question from a conservative news media reporter, and maybe somebody from the mainstream. This isn’t how we do things in this country. But for whatever reason, we’re all going along with it. I don’t understand why we covered that gaggle today, quite honestly, Brooke. If they can’t give the answers to the questions on camera or where we can report the audio, they’re basically pointless. You’re not getting the chance to see —  are they evading the question? The transcript doesn’t really show that, and I think smart people who have been doing this for a long time understand that. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
3500,News: Great News For Ketchup: Political Scientists Say That The Outcome Of The Presidential Election Will In No Way Affect Ketchup,"Email 
With Election Day fast approaching, citizens everywhere are bracing themselves for an uncertain future. Fortunately, no matter what happens, there’s at least one truth that voters from both sides can hang their hats on: Political scientists have confirmed that the outcome of the presidential election will in no way affect ketchup. 
Whew! What a tremendous relief! 
Trump or Clinton, whoever takes the office in November, ketchup will still be red, salty, and sweet, according to leading experts. Despite a range of conflicting policies listed on the candidates’ websites, they are in full agreement about ketchup, a substance neither candidate plans to change in any way. Americans can be certain that a vote cast on November 8 is a vote that in no way alters the familiar appearance, flavor, or viscosity of ketchup. 
Ketchup fans rejoice! 
Whether 2017 marks the beginning of higher taxes for high-income households per Clinton’s plan or tax cuts across all income brackets per Trump’s, ketchup will remain exactly the same condiment it’s always been. Regardless of how the next four years change U.S. immigration policy, and no matter whether they see the passage of the DREAM Act or the construction of a border wall, ketchup will abide by the same recipe and will be available in the same variety of packaging. 
If you had any doubts about the future of ketchup, it looks like you can breathe easy. No doubt, the outcome of one of the most divisive elections in history will bring about certain changes, but there will be none for ketchup. If you love ketchup the way it is, then it’s already time to celebrate.",0
3501,Radical and Defiant,Thank you for supporting LRC with your Amazon purchases. Tags:,0
3502,"Re: Now That The Election Is Over, Will Republicans And Democrats Learn How To Love One Another?","Archives Michael’s Latest Video Now That The Election Is Over, Will Republicans And Democrats Learn How To Love One Another? By Michael Snyder, on November 16th, 2016 
The 2016 election will be remembered as perhaps the most contentious election in modern American history, and things often got extremely angry and bitter on a personal level. If you spend much time on Facebook or Twitter you know exactly what I am talking about. The vitriol on social media has been off the charts, and there are some people that are actually unfriending anyone that supported the candidate that they were against. This election has also torn apart families, friends and even entire churches. Relationships that took decades to build in some cases are now permanently shattered because of fighting over Trump and Clinton. 
Personally, I couldn’t imagine choosing never to talk to a family member or a close friend ever again because of a political disagreement. Trump and Clinton are only temporary, but your family will always be your family. Sadly, we live in a nation where strife, discord, bitterness and resentment are all running rampant, and unforgiveness has become a national pastime. 
As a nation, we are extremely divided. In fact, at this moment we are more divided than we have ever been in my entire lifetime. A house divided against itself will surely fall, and if we don’t learn how to love one another I don’t see any reason to be optimistic about the future of this country. 
If you are a Republican, can you honestly say that you love Democrats? 
If you are a Democrat, can you honestly say that you love Trump supporters? 
If this nation is ever going to heal, we have got to learn how to forgive, and we have got to learn how to love others that see things differently than we do. 
I know what many of you are thinking at this point. Many of you are wondering if I have gone soft, and many of you are wondering how we are supposed to forgive people that believe some of the most horrible things imaginable. 
I didn’t say that it would be easy. 
And it is certainly not necessary to agree with someone or even acknowledge that their viewpoints are legitimate in order to love, forgive and value that person. 
Let’s take abortion as an example. Most Democrats and many Republicans believe that we should continue to murder babies on an industrial scale in our abortion mills all over the country. In fact, many of them want to make it even easier and want to shower organizations such as Planned Parenthood with even more government money. 
This is evil on a level that is difficult to put into words, and what we are doing to those precious little children is on par with what the Nazis did to Jewish people and other minorities in their concentration camps during World War II. And if we do not stop slaughtering babies, the judgment of God is going to absolutely devastate this nation. 
According to Gallup, 79 percent of all Americans believe that abortion should be legal under at least some circumstances, and so unfortunately that is not likely to happen any time soon. 
But just because someone believes in killing babies does not mean that we should hate that person. 
On the contrary, every single individual is of immense value. Whenever you are tempted to hate someone, just remember that Jesus valued that person so much that He was willing to go to the cross to pay for that person’s sins. No matter what someone looks like, no matter where someone is from, and no matter how much money they have, each and every person is greatly loved in the Father’s eyes, and we are commanded to love them too. 
We are to love all people at all times and in all ways. Christian maturity is far more about how much you love than it is about how much you know. Unfortunately, most people don’t seem to understand this simple truth. 
These days a lot of people are running around touting how self-righteous they are, but most of those same people seem to be quite lacking in real love. 
If you really want to be someone that “keeps the commandments”, you should start by getting your heart right. In Matthew 22, Jesus told us which commandments are the most important of all. The following is what Matthew 22:36-40 says in the Modern English Version … 
36 “Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the law ?” 
37 Jesus said to him, “ ‘ You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your mind .’ 38 This is the first and great commandment. 39 And the second is like it: ‘ You shall love your neighbor as yourself .’ 40 On these two commandments hang all the Law and the Prophets.” 
We should all constantly endeavor to become people of great love. 
Once again, that does not mean that you have to accept or approve of what others are saying or doing. In fact, often the loving thing is to point out that someone you love is being destructive to themselves or others. 
And as a nation, we are being self-destructive on a scale that is almost unimaginable. We are literally committing national suicide, and until we start radically changing our behavior it isn’t going to matter much who is in the White House. 
If you want to get your heart right on a personal level, a good place to start is by forgiving those that have hurt you or offended you. And that would include our politicians. I am certainly not saying that you should vote for anyone that stands for positions that are extremely offensive, but we can definitely forgive them and pray for them. 
In addition, if you have had relationships that have been broken during this election season, perhaps now is a good time to reach out in a spirit of love and forgiveness. 
Life is too short to go around holding grudges, and those that choose to forgive often find that they are the ones that are truly being set free.",0
3503,Comment on Why Do Progressives and Democrats Hate America? by mjazzguitar,"Posted on March 22, 2014 by Mike | 45 Comments 
Why Do Progressives and Democrats Hate America? 
It’s a loaded question, I know. But please, bear with me for just a moment and put aside all the rhetoric you’ve heard about political correctness. I ask only that you approach the question from a position of pure logic. 
Progressives and Democrats want to change America. That’s no secret. They boast about it openly, and base their political campaigns entirely on the premise of change. I’m sure we agree so far. 
Now consider this: Why does anyone want to change anything unless they’re unhappy with it? If you’re happy with your job, would you change? If you loved your dog, would you trade him in for a new model? How about your spouse? Does anyone ever leave their spouse who isn’t tremendously unhappy and no longer in love? 
I’m sure we can also agree that change stems from disappointment and unhappiness. 
Now back to America. Your children won’t hear it from their teachers or read about it their school books, and you certainly won’t see it in your newspaper or anywhere on television, but the United States of America has done more good for more people than all the other countries of the world put together. 
America began as a haven for those seeking religious freedom and fought a war to preserve that freedom. 
America fought a war to end slavery and won. (Democrats supported slavery. Republicans opposed it. After the war, the defeated Democrats formed the Ku Klux Klan. Funny how white Americans today are still blamed for the slavery of a hundred and fifty years ago, yet never thanked for sacrificing their lives in order to end slavery.) 
America won two World Wars, and put an end to Hitler’s socialist Nazi party. 
America stemmed the tide of communism and provided safety for thousands of Vietnamese refugees who would have been murdered by the communists of North Vietnam. 
For centuries, America has given freedom and hope to the oppressed; hope and joy to the suffering; and liberty and opportunity to people of all races and nationalities. The proof of her greatness can be found every day in the millions of immigrants who flock to her shores seeking the freedom that America offers. 
Yet Progressives and Democrats want to change America. Doesn’t that make you just a slight bit suspicious? 
Indeed, Progressives and Democrats want not just to change America, but to fundamentally transform it. And they seek to do so under an ideology that has killed more people in the last one hundred years than have died in all the wars in the history of the world combined: Socialism. 
Socialism under Hitler murdered millions and set the entire world at war. 
Socialism under Stalin murdered upwards of forty million people. 
Socialism under Mao murdered over sixty million people. 
Socialism under Castro continues to murder people today. 
Everywhere socialism goes, it kills. 
Yet Socialism is what Progressives and Democrats want for America. Doesn’t THAT make you a tad bit suspicious? 
Just what could cause so many people to despise a country so great as America? Let’s examine the question a little more closely. 
Have you ever seen a man get rejected by a beautiful woman? At first, he criticizes her, looking for whatever flaws he can find, then he despises her, and eventually he hates her. Why? Because he can’t have her. His hatred is actually a form of self-hatred. He feels unworthy of the woman who rejected him and projects his hate onto her and others. His future attempts at seduction become a means of revenge, a perverted attempt to escape his own self-loathing. 
The same thing happens when a woman is rejected by a man. There’s a reason why William Congrave wrote the famous words “nor hell a fury like a woman scorned.” The scorned woman condemns and sets out to destroy the man she cannot have. Like the rejected man, she suffers from extreme self-hatred. It’s self-hatred that fuels feminism and its constant attacks on heterosexual men. If we can’t have them, we’ll destroy them. 
Progressives and Democrats are no different in their hatred of America. 
America was born a religious, God-loving country and it remains so today. Progressives and Democrats, on the other hand, have rejected God and embraced lives of sin. They support and encourage abortion, racism, intolerance, promiscuity, homosexuality, government theft, and a host of other ills, and then project the guilt and self-hatred they feel for embracing these sins onto a hatred of America and its religious heritage. Because Progressives and Democrats falsely believe that God has rejected them, they reject God. 
America has offered opportunity and economic freedom to anyone who is willing to risk and work hard. Progressives and Democrats have risked once or twice in their lives, failed, and are now terrified at the prospect of competing with other risk-takers. Their fear leads to a sense of entitlement that extends to food stamps, housing allowances, “free” health care, and personal and corporate welfare. The stronger their self-hatred, the stronger they feel they are above hard work. They hate America, because it reminds them of their own failures to provide for themselves and their families. 
America stands for strength, independence, honor, and compassion. Progressives and Democrats are so frightened by life and have developed such a dependence on government for survival, that they have lost all of these qualities. And they hate themselves for it. 
No self-respecting man can call himself a man if he’s beholden to government entitlements for his survival. Progressive and Democrat men know this and they hate themselves for it. 
No self-respecting woman can call herself a woman if she rejects the honor and compassion of motherhood by embracing abortion and feminism. Progressive and Democrat women know this and they hate themselves for it. 
Together, Progressive and Democrat men and women hate America, because it reminds them of all the positive qualities of strength, self-reliance, and kindness they lack the courage to develop in themselves. Like rebellious children who must depend on their parents for survival, but hate their parents because of it, Progressives and Democrats live in a state of suspended adolescence, forever running from the responsibility of motherhood, fatherhood, and limited government. 
They hate America, because they hate themselves. 
Which brings us to socialism. 
Progressives and Democrats embrace socialism, because it represents everything they long for: the complete eradication of the individual. With all of society reduced to lowly pawns, they no longer have to fear being reminded of their own inadequacies. Everyone can be as miserable as they are. Everyone can feel the self-hatred they feel. 
With no one to remind them of their sins, Progressives and Democrats believe their guilt and intense self-hatred will finally be removed. What they fail to realize is that the solution to all their ills lies within them. By embracing America, they can embrace God. And by embracing God, they can eliminate their guilt, their self-hatred, and all the factors that contribute to their misery. It’s a solution so simple and so easy that their own leaders are forced to spend billions of dollars, and destroy millions of lives in order to hide it from them. 
If you support Progressivism or the Democratic Party, then you also support socialism. And if you support socialism, then, by definition, you also support the socialism of Hitler, Stalin, Mao, Castro, and many others. Is that something you can live with? Are you ready and willing to forgive yourself and return to the One who calls you? 
He’s waiting. He’s been waiting. The first step is simply to say, “Please, God, forgive me…” Rate this:",0
3504,Chances of Yemen Partition Grow as Pro-Saudi Faction Spurns UN Peace Deal,"Hadi: UN Deal Would Reward 'Putschists' by Jason Ditz, October 30, 2016 Share This 
The UN offered a glimmer of hope for a peace process 19 months in Yemen’s war last week, offering a peace deal which would see the installation of an interim government made of mostly technocrats, and in which former President Hadi would be a figurehead. 
Hadi, on whose behalf Saudi invaded Yemen, was quick to spurn the deal, insisting it would “ reward the putschist s” and punish his legitimate government. Hadi was “elected” to a two-year term in office in early 2012, and resigned in 2015, but insists he remains the rightful ruler of the nation. 
The Shi’ite Houthis, who had previously ruled out any deal in which Hadi was returned to power, expressed support for the UN plan as a “ basis for discussion .” The deal would force Hadi’s main deputy to resign, and give Hadi little to no real power. 
Hadi’s rejection, assuming it is upheld by his Saudi backers, means a continuation of the war, and greatly increases the likelihood that Yemen as a unified nation is over. The nation is already in a state of de facto split, and roughly on the same borders as before the 1990 unification. 
This may ultimately make more sense for Yemen at any rate, resolving long-standing secessionist ambitions in the south, and leaving Hadi with control of South Yemen, where he is from, and where his limited political support is centered. 
The Saudis are unlikely to accept such a solution, however, as it would leave a North Yemen dominated by the Houthis and former president Ali Abdullah Saleh’s political allies with a substantial border with Saudi Arabia after a bloody Saudi-instigated war against them. 
While a unity deal in which Hadi gets only token power would allow the Saudis to claim some measure of “victory” in their war, a formal separation would be much harder to spin, and would leave them with a very resentful neighbor on their southern border. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
3505,Public vs. Media on War,"Posted on October 27, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
A new poll from an unlikely source suggests that the U.S. public and the U.S. media have very little in common when it comes to matters of war and peace. 
This poll was commissioned by that notorious leftwing hotbed of peaceniks, the Charles Koch Institute, along with the Center for the National Interest (previously the Nixon Center, and before that the humorously named Nixon Center for Peace and Freedom). The poll was conducted by Survey Sampling International. 
They polled 1,000 registered voters from across the U.S. and across the political spectrum but slanted slightly toward older age groups. They asked: 
“Over the last 15 years, do you think U.S. foreign policy has made Americans more or less safe?” 
What, dear reader, do you say? 
If you say less safe, you not only agree with dozens of top U.S. officials the week after they retire, but you agree with 52.5% of the people polled. Those who said “more safe” add up to 14%, while 25.2% said “about the same” and 8.3% just didn’t know. 
Well, at least all these humanitarian wars to spread democracy and eliminate weapons and destroy terror have benefited the rest of the world, right? 
Not according to the statistics that show terrorism on the rise during the war on terrorism, and not according to 50.5% of poll respondents who said U.S. foreign policy has made the world less safe. Meanwhile 12.6% said “more safe” while 24.1% said it was about the same and 12.8% didn’t know. 
Asked about four wars in particular, registered U.S. voters said each of them had made the U.S. less secure, by a margin of 49.6% to 20.9% on Iraq, 42.2% to 18.9% on Libya, 42.2% to 24.3% on Afghanistan, and 40.8% to 32.1% on bombing ISIS in Syria. 
These answers should not immediately be taken to prove that the U.S. public is universally wise and well informed, and (not coincidentally) at odds with U.S. media. Not only is that margin pretty slim on ISIS, but 43.3% of those polled said ISIS was the greatest threat the United States faces. Meanwhile 14.1% named Russia, 8.5% North Korea, 8.1% the national debt, 7.9% domestic terrorists, and bringing up the rear with the correct answer of global warming as the greatest threat were a grand total of 4.6% of those polled. 
A survey of U.S. news reports would certainly suggest a point of agreement here between the public and the media. But here is where it gets interesting. Although the public believes the hype about danger emanating from these foreign forces, it does not favor the solution it is endlessly offered by the media and the U.S. government. When asked if, compared to last 15 years, the next president should use the U.S. military abroad less, 51.1% agreed, while 24.2% said it should be used more. And 80.0% said that any president should be required to get congressional authorization before committing the U.S. to military action, while 10.2% rejected that radical idea that’s been in the U.S. Constitution since day 1. 
The U.S. public may look quite depressingly ignorant in a quick survey of Youtube videos, but check this out: Asked if the U.S. government should deploy U.S. troops on the ground in Syria 51.1% said no, compared to 23.5% who said yes. Only 10% said yes on Yemen, while 22.8% said no — however, 40.7% said the U.S. government should keep “supporting” Saudi Arabia in that war. 
Good majorities also oppose Japan acquiring nuclear weapons, Germany acquiring nuclear weapons, or the U.S. defending Taiwan against a Chinese attack. (Who invents these scenarios?) 
This moderately encouraging survey of public sentiment stands in stark contrast to U.S. media coverage of wars in general and Syria in particular . The New York Times’ Nicholas Kristof is ready for a bigger war as are columnists in the Washington Post and USA Today , as well as, of course Chuck Todd and other televised talking head. Meanwhile Hillary Clinton’s comment to Goldman Sachs that a “no fly zone” would require “killing a lot of Syrians” has received dramatically less press than her brave calls for creating a humanitarian no fly zone, and the steady depiction of that proposal as “doing something”— in contrast to the only other option: “doing nothing.” 
The public, however, rejects the only “something” that’s on offer and just might leap at the opportunity to try something else, if anyone ever proposed anything else . This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink . ← Let’s Be Clear – A Vote For Warmonger Hillary Clinton Is A Vote For World War 3 iseeitfx 
David, I’m all with you as far as being anti-war. The ‘global warming’ crap though is not even close to being an existential issue. Government itself is radically more dangerous than whatever little bit of warming/climate change might be due to human activities. diogenes 
Two obvious conclusions can be drawn here: 
*democracy is a good idea. Most people, even when poorly informed, or misinformed, still tend to make good choices for the demos. 
*democracy isn’t working in America. Instead, we have the rule of a murderous plundering oligarchy of the one-in-a-thousand, and the “mainstream media” is their hired liar mouthpiece. Which even so, although it has put American democracy in a coma, has not yet killed the American demos. But give them time. They’re working on it. 
I disagree, however, that ‘global warming’ (or ‘climate change’) is the biggest threat faced by America. The biggest threat faced by America is Wall Street and its oligarchs, who themselves, with their technogreed ecocidal juggernaut, drive anthropogenic climate change, if any. Donate",0
3506,Should the United States Save Tangier Island From Oblivion? - The New York Times,"It was a few minutes before noon on Tangier Island in Virginia, just about high tide, when David Schulte pushed the toe of his red sneaker into Marilyn Pruitt’s soggy backyard. Schulte, a marine biologist with the United States Army Corps of Engineers, frowned, withdrew his foot, found another spot nearby and pressed his toe down again. His sneaker sank into the ground, and water pooled around it. “It’s like that all the time,” Pruitt called out from her back porch. “It doesn’t dry out anymore. ” Schulte looked up at Pruitt, then crouched down to look closer. There were small holes in the ground, spaced about six inches apart, filled with clear water. “Fiddler crabs,” he said. He stood up, turned and walked to the periphery of Pruitt’s property, where the yard was rimmed by a thicket of wild,   spartina grasses, matted by wind and salt spray. As I followed Schulte, it felt as if we were walking on a sponge. Every step squished and slurped. “This isn’t even a yard anymore,” Schulte told me. “I mean, it’s technically more like a marsh, a wetland. ” From where we stood, a few hundred feet from the shoreline, the view was  . White fishing boats dotted the Chesapeake Bay under a hazy March sky the eastern shore of Maryland formed a dark, distant stripe on the horizon some 14 miles away. “Sometimes I think we were crazy to build a house out here,” Pruitt told me earlier. “But I guess there are worse places to get stuck. ” The real estate market was stalled, she meant, and her family had been unable to sell the property. But it was also the case that she built the house in a place where the bay was steadily advancing on her backyard every year, usually by about a dozen feet. In bad times  —   when a nor’easter stormed through, say  —   great chunks of Tangier were torn off. But even in calmer conditions, the losses were steady and seemingly unstoppable. Week by week, wave by wave, grain by grain, Tangier was washing away. Schulte first visited the island in 2002, when the corps asked him to look into the restoration of some nearby oyster beds. “My first impression was just how low everything on Tangier was,” he recalled. Most of the island, which consists of several long sandy ridges connected by footbridges and amounts to a little over a square mile, is about four or five feet above sea level. The low elevations and the quiet,   wetlands and tidal creeks produce a sense of living with the water, rather than beside it. Schulte has returned to Tangier several times over the past decade to track its health. Last year, when some money became available at the corps to research the impact of climate change on coastal areas, he and a couple of colleagues began a study on Tangier, believing that this tiny island might also yield insights into the vulnerability of cities and towns all along the Eastern Seaboard. They concluded that Tangier had lost   of its landmass since 1850. To scientists who study the Chesapeake, this was not surprising: Over the past four centuries, Schulte estimates, more than 500 islands have disappeared from the bay, about 40 of them once inhabited. The most striking aspect of the Tangier research, however, was how bleak the island’s future looked. Some of its troubles are the result of the same forces behind   rises everywhere. Warmer global temperatures make oceans bigger  —   a process known as thermal expansion  —   and thus increase sea levels at the same time,   glaciers around the world, along with the ice caps on Greenland and Antarctica, are melting into the ocean. “But they’ve got it worse here,” Schulte said. Tangier’s location in the center of the bay, along with its friable turf of sand and silt, leaves it dangerously exposed and fragile. What’s more, the land in and around the Chesapeake is sinking, because of lingering effects from geological events dating back 20, 000 years. “They’re just in a very untenable position,” Schulte said. “And they don’t have any options right now other than something big to turn them around. ” A very big construction project, in short. Schulte’s study of Tangier, published online in the journal Nature last year, concluded that the island might have 50 years left and that its residents were likely to become some of the first   refugees in the continental United States. Tangier was not necessarily a lost cause: Schulte outlined a rough engineering plan, costing around $30 million, that involved break waters,   sand and new vegetation that could preserve the island. What his paper couldn’t possibly resolve, though, were the immense economic and political obstacles involved in saving an obscure place from oblivion precisely when big East Coast cities were seeking hundreds of millions of federal dollars for   protection. Indeed, as seas rise and scientists   their projections for an era of floods  —   large parts of Miami Beach, according to some predictions, may be uninhabitable by around 2050  —   Tangier’s situation represents an early glimpse of a problem so enormously complex, so “wicked,” in the argot of social scientists, it seems to defy resolution. There will be dozens of Miamis and thousands of Tangiers. “The Outer Banks, the Delmarva Peninsula, Long Island, the Jersey Shore  —   they’re in the same boat,” Schulte said. “It’s going to just take a little longer for them to get to where Tangier is now. ” An excruciating question is how we will decide which coastal communities to rescue and which to relinquish to the sea. But a number of other difficulties attend those decisions. How do we   the land, roads and neighborhoods of the places deemed worthy of salvation? How do we relocate residents whose homes can’t (or won’t) be saved? Also, there’s the money problem. A recent study, commissioned by the Risky Business Project, an initiative led by Henry Paulson, Michael Bloomberg and the   billionaire and philanthropist Tom Steyer, concluded that as much as a   dollars’ worth of coastal property in the United States could be under water by the end of the century. And that figure doesn’t include the cost of further encroachments by flooding. As Skip Stiles, the head of Wetlands Watch, a Virginia nonprofit that focuses on coastal preservation and   rise, puts it, “Is there even enough money in the world to buy out  —   to make whole  —   everybody’s investment that’s going to get soggy?” After we left Marilyn Pruitt’s yard, Schulte and I walked through town together. We dodged resi dents driving golf carts on the narrow roadways  —   there are very few automobiles on Tangier  —   and hopped over a number of large puddles. We made our way to Lorraine’s, the only restaurant open in the colder months. “I’m thinking, from what I see today, that 50 years may be optimistic,” Schulte said. At this rate, he wondered if Tangier had even 25. Renee Tyler, Tangier’s town manager, works in an office next to the airport, in a prefabricated building topped with solar panels. The first thing Tyler said to Schulte when we visited her was: “I wish we could just stick something under the island and just pump it up. You know, inflate it. ” She and Schulte discussed how the Army Corps was planning to build a small jetty on the northwestern side of the island in 2018. But it’s a modest project, she told me, and the jetty is not likely to mitigate the worsening floods. So something far more involved, something resembling Schulte’s plan, is needed. The problem is that the island is too poor to fund the work on its own. Tangier  —   population 470  —   is steadfastly working class, with a median household income of about $40, 000. “I started a campaign on generosity. com for donations,” Tyler, a blunt    former Marine, said. “We don’t have any billionaires here. ” I asked her if the town could borrow money to pay for sea walls or breakers. “There’s no way we’d be able to pay that back,” she said. “Not in our lifetime or our kids’ lifetime. ” What about a   tax assessment? Tyler shook her head. “Nope. Not here. We’re starting from nothing. ” That appears to leave the island at the mercy of the state and federal governments  —   and in particular, the Army Corps of Engineers, which would probably shoulder the burden of any   construction effort. But understanding the process by which the corps gets involved with places like Tangier also helps explain why the island probably faces some rough years ahead. Schulte works out of the corps’s district office in Norfolk, in a squat modern building where I visited him a few weeks before we met on Tangier. He and a number of his superiors made a convincing case to me that the corps is increasingly focused on climate change the devastation caused by Hurricane Sandy, for instance, recently led the agency to make a thorough assessment of risks to the United States’ North Atlantic coast and to identify potential new   projects. The district commander, Col. Jason Kelly, told me that some of the reflexive tendencies of the corps to build big dams and dikes  —   the old rallying cry, as he put it, of “Let’s get the concrete going!”  —   are now enhanced by holistic (and, often, cheaper) ways of managing floodwaters, by installing natural defenses like marshlands and dunes, say. The corps employs roughly 32, 000 civilians and about 700 military personnel the list of projects it oversees around the country runs to nearly 200 pages. Yet by the standards of federal agencies, the corps’s   budget  —   the money used for the construction, operations and maintenance of domestic, nonmilitary engineering projects  —   is not large, topping off at just under $5 billion last year. Most of that funding goes to maintain navigable waterways, marine ecosystems and dams only a fraction is directed to coastal flood work. Robert Bea, an engineering professor at the University of California, Berkeley, and a longtime observer of the agency, told me the corps was “always working on a pretty thin shoestring. And they’re always in this tension between what can be done and what should be done. ” The corps does not have complete control over its agenda. Rather, it responds to requests from towns and cities and to the instructions of fed eral lawmakers. Essentially, there are two routes a community can take to initiate the corps’s partici pation, and each takes time. The first is to seek help for smaller projects, under about $10 million each, that are judged important by the corps leader ship and can be funded out of the corps’s annual budget, provided that costs will be shared by a state, county or township. A good example is the small jetty for Tangier, which is meant to preserve a navigation channel and will be paid for by the corps and the state of Virginia. But amid so many other competing state and federal projects, that money has taken decades to secure: The jetty was first proposed in the  . Bigger projects are even more complicated. The week before we met, Kelly said, the corps agreed to conduct a major   study on behalf of Norfolk, which is already suffering so many floods that some of the city’s arterial roads are routinely shut down after storms. Unlike Schulte’s brief scientific assessment on Tangier, major studies like the one for Norfolk need to be authorized by Congress, typically through something known as a Water Resources Development Act bill. After authorization, the study process takes several years and millions of dollars, but it is the crucial step that precedes any large Army Corps construction project. In Norfolk’s case, the eventual work  —   funded jointly by the city and federal governments  —   might take a decade or more and might involve building sea walls, breakwaters, marshlands and pumps. Judging by other big   projects, it might also cost hundreds of millions of dollars. Still, that could prove a bargain for Norfolk if the results significantly reduce the city’s risk of flooding. Compared with the cost of fed eral emergency assistance, along with the potential harm done to the city’s tax revenue, hundreds of millions for   protection isn’t so much. Politics seems to play an outsize role in shaping the corps’s priorities. Every few years, a small number of Washington legislators privately debate a large number of potential Army Corps projects for a new WRDA bill  —   and a powerful member of Congress can often push a pet project to the top of the list. “Everybody jostles and gets in line,” J. David Rogers, a geological engineer at the Missouri University of Science and Technology, told me. “So if you come out on the top of the WRDA cake, your work gets done. And if it doesn’t, your work doesn’t get done. ” Michael Oppenheimer, a professor at Princeton who studies the intersection of climate change and policy, told me that Beltway deals are only part of the problem. The corps exists within a larger government system that focuses more on storm repairs than on preparation and adaptation, and there seems to be no immediate prospect for creating a national organization that can proactively address the coastal problems caused by climate change. “This is all patchwork,” he says. And our safety web of policies and agencies  —   the corps was founded in 1779  —   predates an age when rising sea levels posed existential threats. To act quickly, wealthy cities like New York have begun to largely   their waterfront defenses. But the United States has more than 88, 000 miles of shoreline roughly five million people and 2. 6 million homes are situated less than four feet above high tide. Considering that the corps already strains under its present workload, it’s hard to know who or what will come to the aid of less affluent towns when sea levels are three or four feet higher than today. Tangier’s prospects seemed to dim even as I listened to Kelly explain his protocol and heard how many cities compete for the corps’s limited funds. “We know Tangier has to compete with other projects,” Tyler said. “But we feel  —   I don’t know, is ‘inconsequential’ the right word? We feel that we’re not a priority, that we’re too small to make a difference. ” Tyler said she hadn’t given up, but she was worried. “We really have not thought of Plan B,” she told me. “Or it may be that Plan B scares me. ” Repeatedly she told me, “Time is running out. ” And all around Tangier, I had the sense that unlike most seaside towns, where the pace of life tends toward the languorous, clocks were ticking faster than everywhere else. When I walked about the island with Schulte, he was buttonholed by one resident after another and asked a variation of “When are you going to start building a sea wall?” Knowing how tricky the funding proc ess can be, he would respond that the soonest anything could happen  —   “at best”  —   might be a few years. He sometimes looked pained as he said it. Later he told me: “I grew up in a   town outside of Pittsburgh. And I remember that feeling when all the steel mills started shutting down, that feeling that there was no viable future. It must be the same here, but on Tangier it’s the land itself that’s the problem. ” For any   project, the corps needs to identify what Kelly calls a “legitimate national interest. ” The national interest can sometimes be framed in economic and military terms  —   in Norfolk, preserving the city’s shipping port, which also hosts the country’s largest naval base. In other places, crucial ecosystem restoration or, in rarer instances, historical preservation, may justify the corps’s involvement. Schulte’s arguments for saving Tangier are a mix of these. “It’s the last offshore fishing community in Virginia, literally the last one standing,” he told me over dinner one evening. “We lose parts of America when we lose places like this. ” The island was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2014. Tangier’s community has been there for hundreds of years, Schulte notes  —   the island was mainly settled by several families from Cornwall and Devon, England, in the 1700s and 1800s, and their heritage is still discernible in the residents’ unusual accent, a   Cornwall patois wrapped inside a Virginia twang that has long drawn the attention of linguists and anthropologists. That accent would disappear if the island were lost. Schulte made the economic case too. Tangier’s sea grass (known as subaqueous vegetation beds) and wetlands have significant ecological worth. The subaqueous vegetation beds are where blue crabs reach maturity, and migrating birds rest on the wetlands. The vegetation cleanses the water and air. He has calculated the “ecosystem value” of Tangier to be millions of dollars annually. The descendants of the island’s early English settlers continue to work on crab and oyster boats. When the town was founded, its fishermen, known here as watermen, had no idea that ecological disaster would threaten the island. “It’s not like someone who builds in a floodplain intentionally, knowing that there’s this chance,” Schulte said. “So I feel that these people should get some help. ” He added that the problem was not just a few houses: “It’s the whole town. ”   them on the mainland would be expensive. “Let’s say we do nothing and let the island go away, and then move everybody. How do we deal with that? It’s not going to be a cheap undertaking, and it’s going to be well beyond what the people there can pay. ” His bottom line was that bringing the island back to health could be   as well as virtuous. Schulte did not take the challenges of fixing Tangier lightly, though. He brought up the example of Poplar Island, a spot in the Chesapeake some 60 miles north of Tangier, to explain why. Within the small community of engineers and scientists who spend their days thinking about how to save entire islands or coastal cities from vanishing during this century, Poplar looms greatly. In the late 1800s, it was home to Valliant, a small village with a post office, a school and 100 residents. Unfortunately, Valliant also had a sawmill. In cutting down the island’s trees for lumber, the islanders destroyed the root system holding their soil together. By around 1920, Valliant was abandoned. And by the 1990s, Poplar Island shrank from about 1, 200 acres to five acres and was on the cusp of extinction. I went to Poplar, which is about two miles from Maryland’s eastern shore, in late March, accompanied by Justin Callahan, a project manager for the corps’s Baltimore division. He first traveled to Poplar in 1993, when it was just a tiny sandbar. “We’re at 1, 140 acres now,” he told me during the boat ride over, “and ultimately we’ll be expanding it to a total of 1, 715 acres. ” The island is being resurrected, and what you find on Poplar now is a   project on a biblical scale, rising out of the Chesapeake. In 2003, the corps began building a   dike as the island’s new perimeter. This “hard” boundary was composed of sand piles covered with a strong textile material and topped with crushed stone and huge,   boulders. Since then, the corps has been filling the pools inside the perimeter wall with silt dredged from the channels leading into Baltimore Harbor and carted here by scow 24 hours a day during active periods of construction. The dredging of the channels would have occurred anyway  —   it’s necessary to keep the port deep enough for large cargo ships  —   but ordinarily the silt would be dumped out in the ocean. By depositing it here, the state of Maryland, which owns Poplar, gets a better harbor and a new island. When it’s finished, in 2040 or so, Poplar will be a wildlife sanctuary devoid of residents. “A lot of what you usually see with the corps is known as ‘pump and dump,’’u2009” Callahan said once we reached the island. He was dressed in jeans and work boots, and he quickly borrowed a truck to give me a tour. We drove past a long line of trailers that serve as offices for the roughly 25 workers who come here daily  —   no one stays overnight  —   before turning onto a main dirt road that runs along the spine of the new island. “’u2009‘Pump and dump’ means you dredge it, deposit it and walk away,” he continued. “But this is different. A tremendous amount of engineering went into this. ” Half the island is being sculpted into wetlands, Callahan said, pointing to   areas to my right, which had already been planted with spartina grass and were starting to flourish. The other half of the island will be dry “uplands. ” These were on Callahan’s left. Some of the upland hills have already been built to about 17 feet above sea level, on the way to about 25 feet, according to Callahan, a height that should fortify the island. In time, the uplands will be planted with pine trees. The corps will in effect undo the error that the residents of Poplar made 100 years ago. As we drove along, Callahan pointed out a pipe three feet in diameter running alongside the road. It carried dredged material pumped from Poplar’s bulkhead, where ships arrived with the silt carried from Baltimore channels, to the places being “infilled” on Poplar. Callahan parked at the end of the pipe so we could see the silt pour out into a roadside pool. It was black and viscous. Over the next few weeks, as the dark soup pooled higher and higher, water would drain out, the sediment would dry and settle and the process would then be repeated until the area reached the desired elevation. Surrounded by the dust and the noise of machinery, it was hard to picture the green idyll of the future. The whole place smelled like mud. Poplar will ultimately cost about $1. 4 billion  —   or roughly $800, 000 per acre. Earlier, Tan gier’s town manager, Renee Tyler, told me: “What baffles me the most is that no one lives on Poplar. And they spent all this money on it. We have people who live here, as well as sea life and birds. ” Yet there are a number of reasons, some of them bureaucratic and obscure, that get in the way of using Baltimore harbor’s silt to build up Tangier. This is Maryland’s mud, not Virginia’s, and Poplar (unlike Tangier) has the good fortune to lie within Maryland’s waters. Another factor that works in Poplar’s favor: the project has a defensible,   appeal. “If you want to do ecosystem restoration on a large scale,” Callahan told me on the boat ride back, “it’s expensive, so it has to have a big economic driver. ” Here, the economic driver involves the effort to preserve the port of Baltimore, “which is just a huge regional economic engine. ” That’s what makes it difficult for Tangier, he added. No one would dispute that Tangier had a unique fishing culture and history, he remarked. “It has no harbor project, though,” Callahan said. Then he added, rhetorically, “What is the economic driver for Tangier?” One afternoon on Tangier, I stopped by the fire station to visit Anna   a member of the Town Council and also Tangier’s paramedic.   grew up on the island, and as a teenager she thought about leaving. “But when you get Tangier mud between the toes,” she told me, “it’s hard to go. ” She lives with her husband and children in her grandparents’ house. For more than 40 years, she said, the house never flooded, but several recent storms brought water in. “We’ve since had it elevated so it doesn’t flood, and we had our land graded,” she explained. But she sees the land all around Tangier sinking and eroding. Her    son told her that he wants to be a waterman. “I don’t know if that will be possible,” she told me, “but that’s what he wants. ” When I asked if she thought Tangier could provide a future for her children, she said: “If all of the wheels turn that need to turn, I do believe that we can be saved, and even built back up  —   not necessarily to the size we were 200 years ago. But if you look at projects like Poplar Island, it is possible. ” What is vexing for Tangierians is that their local challenges, as difficult as they seem, may pale next to their broader,   problems. “It will take two things to save the island,” David Schulte says. “One is to engineer and repair it now. The other is to make sure that the   scenario of climate change doesn’t happen, because I’ve seen what that looks like in the computer modeling, and we don’t want to go there. A lot of Norfolk is under water. Miami is under water. ” Tangier, too. For the moment, the world is on course for the   impacts of   rise  —   perhaps up to six feet by 2100, a result of carbon dioxide pushing up temperatures and the polar ice sheets pouring meltwater into the oceans. At the same time, the forces that make the Chesapeake area so vulnerable (the region currently experiences about five millimeters of relative   rise annually, significantly more than the global annual average of three millimeters) will not be getting any better. “The land is likely to be sinking for many thousands of years,” says Paul Bierman, a scientist at the University of Vermont who has studied the area’s geology. The Gulf Stream presents another problem. At present, this circulation of warm water in the Atlantic Ocean produces variations in sea level. The surface of the Atlantic is about 60 centimeters lower off the coast of New Jersey than it is off Bermuda, according to Robert Kopp, a professor at Rutgers. If the Gulf Stream weakens, Kopp says, as it is expected to do in a warmer climate, then the differences in sea level will equalize. Oceans will be even higher in the   region. This portends trouble not only for the Chesapeake, but also for Long Island and the Jersey Shore. And water will meanwhile be seeping into other urban centers. A recent study by the Union of Concerned Scientists concluded that several dozen American cities  —   including Boston, New Haven and Savannah, Ga.  —   could suffer more than 50 floods per year by about 2045 if they don’t take serious measures to mitigate the rising tides at least a dozen other places, including Philadelphia and Wilmington, N. C. may flood more than 150 times a year. If federal lawmakers find that hard to believe, they will see proof out the window: Parts of Washington could be inundated 388 times a year. To Chris Moore, a senior scientist at the Chesapeake Bay Foundation, “we’re not anywhere near the point where we need to write off an entire community. ” Still, the science suggests that it may soon be time to consider which towns, islands and cities can (or cannot) be saved. This, in turn, prompts some hard thinking about which criteria  —   economic wealth, population density, natural appeal, historical value  —   should weigh most heavily in those decisions. “It’s just a sad fact that we can’t spend an infinite amount of money defending the coast,” Michael Oppenheimer, the Princeton professor, says. “And the concept of retreat, which is sort of   has to be normalized. It has to become part of the culture. Because there are some places where we’re really going to have to retreat. ” I asked Skip Stiles, of Wetlands Watch, if there were reasons to spend vast sums on flood defenses even when   outcomes looked bleak. He surprised me by saying that some kind of investment could be an essential part of a regional or national strategy.   fixes, even expensive ones, could allow residents and governments to make choices about how to help or resettle people a sudden annihilation of hope, on the other hand, could destroy a town’s real estate values and tax base. You’d have a rapid exodus, another Poplar Island. Ben Strauss of Climate Central, a research organization based in Princeton, N. J. seems to agree. “A coastal community can understand that its life can be limited by future   rises,” he told me, “but that shouldn’t stop it from having a vital presence today. ” He also thinks it’s conceivable that if the country’s most threatened communities can address their potential demise as fairly as possible, they could serve as exemplars. “That’s a huge gift to other communities,” he says, “because this is going to be a widely shared problem. ” For the moment, though, the notion of managed decline is mostly just an idea. When Schulte’s research on Tangier came out, some of the islanders came up with the idea of distributing   that read “I refuse to become a   refugee. ” When Schulte and I went downtown one afternoon to meet with Carol   a native of Tangier who helped create the shirts, she told him: “I don’t know anything about climate change. But if calling me a   refugee gets me a sea wall, then go ahead, call me a   refugee. ” If the residents of Tangier want to look for insights into how their world might end, they can go to the northern edge of their island, to an area known as Uppards. Though it was connected to the rest of Tangier a century ago, Uppards is now a   parcel of land separated from the inhabited, southern part of the island by a broad navigation channel used by watermen. One day on Tangier, Schulte accepted an invitation from a visitor named Ron Kesner to see Tangier and Uppards by air, in Kesner’s   Cessna, and I tagged along. Kesner is a resident of the Virginia mainland who has been visiting Tangier regularly for several years with his wife, Jodi Jones Smith, a coastal scientist, to study the island’s erosion. On a crisp afternoon with breathtaking visibility, we took off from Tangier’s small airport, climbed to a thousand feet and began to circle the island. From above, it looked like the remains of an island  —   a   triangle with so many small ponds and streams it seemed like a large perforated leaf floating on a glassy green sea. If you looked closely, you could also see sandbars in the shallow waters surrounding it as recently as 50 years ago, some of these were above sea level, and home to houses and beaches. They were now under five or 10 feet of water. “It’s really been cut to shreds, hasn’t it?” Kesner said. “And we’re a couple hours past high tide, too,” Schulte replied. He hadn’t seen the island from the air for a decade, he remarked, and the “ponding” all over worried him. It suggested that water was not only leaching in from the shorelines but was bubbling up from underneath Tangier too. “Wow,” he said, his face nearly pressed to the window. “They are on the edge. ” As we circled the Uppards area just north of Tangier, Schulte asked me: “Do you see that line running along the center?” That was once a road, he said. It had connected a small village known as Canaan, at the northern tip of Uppards, to Tangier village. Canaan is gone. It was abandoned around 1920, when the villagers, roughly 120 of them, left. Rather than physical deterioration, it seems to have been social erosion  —   not enough churchgoers and students, according to a report by the National Park Service  —   that hastened the town’s end. Many of the 35 houses on Uppards were moved to Tangier’s village, where some still remain. A few, however, were left behind to be taken by the sea. Only one photograph of Canaan exists, from a 1910 magazine article. Instead there are recollections, passed down to Tangier residents like Anna   whose   lived in Canaan. A few hours after I saw Uppards from the air, I visited the area by boat with Schulte and Carol   who also traces her roots to Canaan. Over the past few years, she has come to be regarded as its unofficial historian, the keeper not only of shards of information about the inhabitants  —   “It used to be beautiful green grass, chickens, roses, fig trees,” she told me  —   but also of physical fragments that wash up where the town once stood. She told me that 10 years ago she found an English whiskey bottle from the 1600s. One lingering problem with Uppards is that the remnants of the Canaan cemetery, now half underwater, have proved difficult to collect and move. Though some bodies have been relocated, bones and parts of coffins continue to wash into the tide regularly.   told me that once she was waiting for a ferry on Tangier’s dock and saw a femur on a nearby bank. Canaan  —   and Uppards Island  —   matter to the people of Tangier for two reasons. The first is that even in its tattered state, it protects the rest of Tangier from the erosive northern currents of the Chesapeake. As our boat drew nearer, Schulte told me he thinks Uppards is now losing about 10 feet of shoreline a year. And, he said, “If you lose Uppards, you lose the town of Tangier, because then the town would be unsheltered. ” The second reason residents care about Uppards is that it represents a possible future. “I’m not a pessimist,”   told me. “But I see what’s happening. Without a sea wall on the east side, or a sea wall on the west side, Tangier will just be in the history books. It will be like this place, like Uppards. ” We had come ashore from her small boat. She looked around and spread her arms and said, “But isn’t it beautiful?” It was indeed  —   but also windswept, lonesome, strange. She began leading us past tidal pools and along the beach, a mix of silt and peat held together by the thin roots of marsh grasses. The lapping of the Chesapeake was ripping away the peat at the water’s edge. As   narrated, we walked by piles of oyster shells  —   middens, most likely, dating back to Native American settlers  —   and soon came upon a large scattering of red bricks, smoothed and made porous by time and weather, that had probably served as the foundation of Canaan’s homes. Not far away was a large iron ring, sunk into the mud, which marked the top of an old freshwater well. All around us were old bottles and dead bushes and gnarled stumps, including the skeleton of a large fig tree. “That died three years ago,”   said, blaming the intrusion of saltwater, which made survival for most plants difficult. Beyond the fig tree were a number of weathered marble headstones from the old Canaan graveyard, lying flat on the beach. Schulte began turning them over to read the inscriptions. The familiar Tangier names  —   the old families that had come here from Cornwall hundreds of years ago  —   still echoed: Margaret Pruitt, Polly Parks.   led us farther eastward. Over the next few weeks, I thought of her many times  —   this woman who takes her small boat to Uppards almost every day, weather permitting, to walk the beach, stepping gingerly over fallen headstones while searching for bottles and buttons or taking a moment to appreciate the blooms of a dying rosebush planted by someone (an ancestor?) more than a century ago. Sometimes, she told me, especially in summer, she brings along her grandchildren to help her gather things exposed by the tide, even though, as she put it, “the sun is so hot you can barely stand it. ” She had found toy marbles and old coins and coffin handles she had also discovered arrowheads and a Native American ax head of smoothed stone that must have preceded the settlement of Canaan by many centuries. But every week, she said, there was a bit less land and brush. And every visit was an effort to gather the final, sodden artifacts of a place that would vanish, almost completely, within a few years. We walked for a while more. Eventually, we reached an area beyond the remains of Canaan where the empty beach stretched through mud, marsh grass and scattered oyster shells. Schulte said he wanted to keep going farther, along the eastern shore of Uppards, and   agreed to return later in her boat to pick him up. Schulte said that he thought he might have seen a living pine tree during the flight on the Cessna. “I want to go see if I can find it. ” Standing on the beach,   said, “Sometimes it’s so hard to imagine this was a town. ” “It’s like no one ever lived here,” Schulte replied. Then he turned and began walking to find the last tree.",0
3507,Public vs. Media on War,"(128 fans) - Advertisement - 
A new poll from an unlikely source suggests that the U.S. public and the U.S. media have very little in common when it comes to matters of war and peace. 
This poll was commissioned by that notorious leftwing hotbed of peaceniks, the Charles Koch Institute, along with the Center for the National Interest (previously the Nixon Center, and before that the humorously named Nixon Center for Peace and Freedom). The poll was conducted by Survey Sampling International. 
They polled 1,000 registered voters from across the U.S. and across the political spectrum but slanted slightly toward older age groups. They asked: 
""Over the last 15 years, do you think U.S. foreign policy has made Americans more or less safe?"" 
What, dear reader, do you say? 
If you say less safe, you not only agree with dozens of top U.S. officials the week after they retire, but you agree with 52.5% of the people polled. Those who said ""more safe"" add up to 14%, while 25.2% said ""about the same"" and 8.3% just didn't know. 
Well, at least all these humanitarian wars to spread democracy and eliminate weapons and destroy terror have benefited the rest of the world, right? 
Not according to the statistics that show terrorism on the rise during the war on terrorism, and not according to 50.5% of poll respondents who said U.S. foreign policy has made the world less safe. Meanwhile 12.6% said ""more safe"" while 24.1% said it was about the same and 12.8% didn't know. - Advertisement - 
Asked about four wars in particular, registered U.S. voters said each of them had made the U.S. less secure, by a margin of 49.6% to 20.9% on Iraq, 42.2% to 18.9% on Libya, 42.2% to 24.3% on Afghanistan, and 40.8% to 32.1% on bombing ISIS in Syria. 
These answers should not immediately be taken to prove that the U.S. public is universally wise and well informed, and (not coincidentally) at odds with U.S. media. Not only is that margin pretty slim on ISIS, but 43.3% of those polled said ISIS was the greatest threat the United States faces. Meanwhile 14.1% named Russia, 8.5% North Korea, 8.1% the national debt, 7.9% domestic terrorists, and bringing up the rear with the correct answer of global warming as the greatest threat were a grand total of 4.6% of those polled. 
A survey of U.S. news reports would certainly suggest a point of agreement here between the public and the media. But here is where it gets interesting. Although the public believes the hype about danger emanating from these foreign forces, it does not favor the solution it is endlessly offered by the media and the U.S. government. When asked if, compared to last 15 years, the next president should use the U.S. military abroad less, 51.1% agreed, while 24.2% said it should be used more. And 80.0% said that any president should be required to get congressional authorization before committing the U.S. to military action, while 10.2% rejected that radical idea that's been in the U.S. Constitution since day 1. 
The U.S. public may look quite depressingly ignorant in a quick survey of Youtube videos, but check this out: Asked if the U.S. government should deploy U.S. troops on the ground in Syria 51.1% said no, compared to 23.5% who said yes. Only 10% said yes on Yemen, while 22.8% said no -- however, 40.7% said the U.S. government should keep ""supporting"" Saudi Arabia in that war. 
Good majorities also oppose Japan acquiring nuclear weapons, Germany acquiring nuclear weapons, or the U.S. defending Taiwan against a Chinese attack. (Who invents these scenarios?) - Advertisement - 
This moderately encouraging survey of public sentiment stands in stark contrast to U.S. media coverage of wars in general and Syria in particular . The New York Times' Nicholas Kristof is ready for a bigger war as are columnists in the Washington Post and USA Today , as well as, of course Chuck Todd and other televised talking head. Meanwhile Hillary Clinton's comment to Goldman Sachs that a ""no fly zone"" would require ""killing a lot of Syrians"" has received dramatically less press than her brave calls for creating a humanitarian no fly zone, and the steady depiction of that proposal as ""doing something"" -- in contrast to the only other option: ""doing nothing."" 
The public, however, rejects the only ""something"" that's on offer and just might leap at the opportunity to try something else, if anyone ever proposed anything else . View Ratings | Rate It http://davidswanson.org David Swanson is the author of ""When the World Outlawed War,"" ""War Is A Lie"" and ""Daybreak: Undoing the Imperial Presidency and Forming a More Perfect Union."" He blogs at http://davidswanson.org and http://warisacrime.org and works for the online ( more... )",0
3508,Comment on Uncle in Germany cleared to have sex with his niece by PeaceFrog,"Posted on November 4, 2016 by DCG | 4 Comments 
As proggies like to proclaim, “#LoveIsLove.” 
From NY Post : A teen’s sexual relationship with her uncle is not verboten, a German court ruled this week. 
In its ruling, the judges reasoned that the 15-year-old girl, identified as Josephine , risked “serious damage in her social-emotional and mental development” if she and her non-blood uncle, 47-year-old Gerrit Haager, were denied contact. The loving uncle/CEN Photo 
In Germany, as in many European countries, the legal age of sexual consent is 14 . Since there is no law in Germany prohibiting the relationship, it may continue to blossom, the court ruled. 
“The court does not offer any opinion on the non-judicial question of whether a 47-year-old married man should return the love of a 14-year-old fired by adolescent affection and enthusiasm,” it wrote, the Telegraph reported . 
“The relationship may be socially undesirable and unacceptable, but it is not covered by criminal law, and not categorically forbidden.” 
The girl from Schildow, a town in the German state of Brandenburg, ditched school and ran off with her uncle a year ago — to the dismay of her worried parents, who alerted police. 
The pair were later found in southern France, and the teen was brought back to Germany, where her parents forbade her from seeing her uncle. The parents got the court involved in a bid to keep the two apart. The red-haired teen revolted, stopped attending school, and tried to stay in a government shelter. 
The teen, whom the court described as of “above average intelligence,” has said her relationship with her uncle is “goal-oriented and stable,” according to CEN. 
DCG",0
3509,Fransız askerlere IŞİD’çi formasyonu eğitimi,"Fransız askerlere IŞİD’çi formasyonu eğitimi Voltaire İletişim Ağı | 27 Ekim 2016 français Español italiano Deutsch English 22 Eylül 2016 günü, Saumur (Fransa) çıkışında, Saint-Florent Kilisesinin yakınlarında, terk edilmiş bir mağara sığınağı temizleyen işçiler, apar topar beyaz bir kamyonetle uzaklaşan üç adam gördüler. Mağaraya girdiklerinde, video malzemeleri, bir jeneratör, Arapça gazeteler ve IŞİD bayrakları buldular.
Halkın, polisin, jandarmanın ve vali yardımcısının heyecanını yatıştıran Saumur Askeri Okullar Komutanı General Arnaud Nicolazo de Barmon, bunların teröristlere ait olmadığını, ama Ordulararası Nükleer, Radyolojik, Biyolojik ve Kimyasal Savunma Merkezinin (CİA NBCR) bir eğitim tatbikatının söz konusu olduğunu söyledi.
Eğer durum böyleyse, olağanüstü halin tam ortasında, CİA NBCR bu tatbikatı yapmadan önce yerel kamu idarelerine bildirimde bulunmaya yönelik kuralları ihlal etti demektir. Ayrıca, nükleer, radyolojik, biyolojik ya da kimyasal savunma tatbikatlarında bu malzemelerin ne işe yarayabileceğini bilemiyoruz.
Saumur’daki CİA NBCR’nin aynı tesislerinde, İstihbarat ve Ordulararası Muharebe konusunda uzmanlaşmış okullar da yer alıyor.
2011’de Suriye’deki olayların en başından beri, Fransız birliklerinin bu ülkedeki varlığı kanıtlandı. 2012’de, esir alınan 19 Fransız askeri, Lübnan sınırında, Baba Amr’da İslam Emirliğini eğiten başka askerlerle birlikte, Genelkurmay Başkanı Amiral Edouard Guillaud’ya teslim edilmişti. İslamcı güçleri eğiten Fransız askerlerinin ölümü, özellikle 2013 yılında Sannayeh’te olduğu gibi, birçok farklı yerde kanıtlanmıştı. Her ne kadar Fransa 2014 yılında IŞİD’e karşı El Kaide’yi desteklese de, Halifeliğin içerisinde Fransız subaylarının varlığı 2016 yılında birçok tanık tarafından doğrulandı.
Kasım 2014’te Pentagon, Samarda’da El-Kaide içerisinde faaliyet yürüten, David Drugeon isimli bir DGSE ajanını öldürdüğünü açıkladı. Bu arada Fransız Savunma Bakanı kurbanla herhangi bir bağlarının olmadığını belirtti. Ardından ABD basını da David Drugeon’un Muhammet Mera (Toulouse ve Montauban saldırıları) ve Kuaşi kardeşleri ( Charlie Hebdo ’ya yönelik saldırı) eğittiğini belirtiyordu.
Fransa, her ne kadar müttefik özel kuvvetleriyle birlikte ortak bir ana karargahı olduğunu tanısa da, bugüne kadar Suriye’de kara birliklerinin varlığını hiçbir zaman resmi olarak kabul etmedi.
Çeviri
Osman Soysal",0
3510,Sekulow: Expect ‘Whining Testimony’ from Comey ‘He Needs to ‘Grow up and Act Like an Adult’,"Jay Sekulow, Chief Counsel of the American Center for Law and Justice joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Wednesday to discuss the coming testimony of former FBI Director James Comey and the case of Reality Winner, who was arrested for leaking secrets from the National Security Agency. [Said Sekulow on Comey, “He’s not exactly a credible witness,” while pointing out several previous issues with testimony he’s given that has to be corrected later.  As for what to expect now, said Sekulow, “You don’t want to be left alone with the President of the United States? Well, that’s why you’re not the FBI director. Grow up and act like an adult. ” “It’s going to be whining testimony,” added Sekulow, saying he’s not sure what the intelligence community is even going to gain from the testimony. Comey is already leaking parts of his testimony and is said to not believe Trump tried to obstruct justice. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
3511,"Dishing the Dirt on Hillary — ‘Lock her up at once!’ (Video, 10 mins)","Other Writers LD : 24 hours to Armageddon? You better believe it! No matter who wins, America’s going to be hit by a major hurricane on Wednesday. If Trump wins, thousands of malefactors in high places will be slitting their wrists or jumping from tall windows. But if Hillary wins, we’re off the map completely. Anything’s possible if this frothing fruitcake manages to waltz her way into the White House. Like this? Share it now. One thought on “ Dishing the Dirt on Hillary — ‘Lock her up at once!’ (Video, 10 mins) ” Gilroy Kelly says: November 7, 2016 at 3:24 pm 
Sean Hannity is the king of softball political interviewing. I do not waste my time with him. For there to be a “hurricane” hilLIARy needs to be elected and the Republicans need to lose the Senate. That allows for Reid to change Senate rules to allow a majority vote to confirm justices. That will stack the Supreme Court with dangerous libtards. That is what can hurt America, not just a presidential election.",0
3512,Some in G.O.P. Who Deserted Donald Trump Over Lewd Tape Are Returning - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Stung by a fierce backlash from Donald J. Trump’s ardent supporters, four Republican members of Congress who had made headlines for demanding that Mr. Trump leave the presidential race retreated quietly this week, conceding that they would still probably vote for the man they had excoriated just days before. From Senator John Thune of South Dakota, the only member of the Republican leadership in either chamber who had disavowed Mr. Trump, to Representative Scott Garrett of New Jersey, who is in a difficult   fight, the lawmakers contorted themselves over Mr. Trump. Some of them would not mention him by name, preferring instead to affirm their support for the generic “Republican ticket,” still grasping for a middle ground. They said that if Mr. Trump would not make way for his running mate, Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana, to lead the party after the release of a recording on Friday showing Mr. Trump bragging about groping women, they had little choice but to vote for their embattled nominee. But the collective   owed less to his refusal to exit a race in which ballots are already being cast than to the fury his supporters unleashed at the defectors at rallies and on social media. And Mr. Trump himself escalated his bitter feud with the country’s   elected Republican, Speaker Paul D. Ryan, saying at a rally in Florida on Wednesday that Mr. Ryan’s refusal to actively support his candidacy was part of a “sinister deal going on. ” The quick reversals back to Mr. Trump’s camp vividly illustrated  Republicans’ predicament  as they grapple with a nominee whom some of their core supporters adore, a Democratic candidate their base loathes  —   and a host of voters who believe that Mr. Trump is   unsuited for high office. In Alabama, Representative Bradley Byrne, who said flatly over the weekend, “It is now clear Donald Trump is not fit to be president of the United States,” insisted to reporters on Wednesday that he had always said he would “be a supporter of the Republican ticket from top to bottom. ” “I’m a Republican,” Mr. Byrne said. “I don’t vote Democrat. ” Mr. Thune, who also said on Saturday that Mr. Pence should be the party’s nominee, “effective immediately,” acknowledged that the recording of Mr. Trump boasting of grabbing women’s genitals was “more offensive than anything that I had seen” from the   Republican  . But he said in an interview Tuesday with KELO television in Sioux Falls, S. D. that he would still cast his ballot for Mr. Trump. “I intend to support the nominee of our party, and if anything should change, then I’ll let you know,” Mr. Thune said. “But he’s got a lot of work to do, I think, if he’s going to have any hope of winning this election. ” Of the Republicans who reversed themselves, only Mr. Garrett is in a competitive race. Mr. Byrne and Mr. Thune are expected to easily defeat their Democratic opponents, and Senator Deb Fischer of Nebraska is not up for   until 2018. On Saturday, Ms. Fischer called Mr. Trump’s comments “disgusting and totally unacceptable under any circumstance” and said, “It would be wise for him to step aside and allow Mike Pence to serve as our party’s nominee. ” But she was almost philosophical in telling a Nebraska radio station on Tuesday why she was still backing Mr. Trump. “He decided he would not step aside. I respect his decision,” she said. “I support the Republican ticket, and it’s a   ticket. ” In New Jersey, Mr. Garrett also initially called for Mr. Pence to lead the party. But by Tuesday, Mr. Garrett, a   lawmaker who was already facing perhaps the stiffest challenge of his career, said he would “vote Trump for president if he is the party’s official nominee come Election Day. ” The legislators’ tortuous efforts to climb down from their earlier clarion calls did not seem to placate Mr. Trump’s admirers much. “If you are not FOR Mr. Trump, then you must be AGAINST Mr. Trump,” Lonnie Lee Mixon II, an Alabamian, wrote on Mr. Byrne’s Facebook page. “Please stop dancing around this. ” A handful of the Republican Party’s recruits also find themselves in a vise. In Nebraska, Don Bacon, who is challenging Representative Brad Ashford, a Democrat, initially issued a statement calling Mr. Trump’s remarks “utterly disgraceful and disqualifying. ” But the news release is nowhere to be found on Mr. Bacon’s website, and at a debate Tuesday night in Omaha, he would not rule out voting for Mr. Trump. The specter of a civil war enveloping the party less than four weeks before Election Day left veteran Republicans deeply worried about what the elected officials who moved so quickly to abandon Mr. Trump last weekend had wrought. One former Virginia congressman, Thomas M. Davis III, said “panicked” Republicans might have made the party’s   problems even worse. “It discourages turnout,” Mr. Davis said, noting that even as Mr. Trump sinks in the polls, he still has at least   of the party behind him. “Publicly disowning and running from him just creates havoc. It hurts everybody. I understand individual decisions, but when this happens institutionally, it hurts. ” Sensing an opportunity to rally his supporters against the wavering Republican leaders, Mr. Trump went after Mr. Ryan at a campaign rally for the first time since the speaker told House Republicans on Monday that he would no longer defend the party’s nominee. Before 7, 000 people in Ocala, Fla. Mr. Trump veered between dark, conspiratorial warnings and strikingly personal expressions of resentment. “There’s a whole deal going on,” he said of Mr. Ryan’s decision to walk away from his candidacy. “We’re going to figure it out. ” Yet even as he used the rally to accuse the speaker of being part of a nefarious, if vague, plot, Mr. Trump also made clear he was wounded that Mr. Ryan had not called to praise him for his debate performance on Sunday. “So wouldn’t you think that Paul Ryan would call and say good going, in front of just about the largest audience for a   debate in the history of the country?” he complained. In a conference call Wednesday night with major donors, Mr. Ryan vented about leaks from the conference call with House Republicans on Monday in which he announced his decision to focus entirely on congressional races. He said the news media had misinterpreted his message to his colleagues  —   that they should not “defend the indefensible”  —   and that Mr. Trump lacked “the discipline” to resist swiping back at him, according to a donor on the call. But Mr. Ryan said that Republican candidates could “help Trump with turnout,” and that he planned to use a speech on Friday to argue against Hillary Clinton. While Mr. Trump had already lashed out at Mr. Ryan on Twitter and in a Fox News interview, his decision to use his own campaign event to hurl attacks at the speaker caused a new wave of fear among Republicans that their now “unshackled” candidate, as he described himself earlier in the week, might use his rallies to similarly attack local Republican lawmakers who have refused to support his candidacy. (They also had to deal with new revelations about Mr. Trump’s behavior, like a report that he had walked into a Miss Teen USA dressing room as contestants were changing, and another report that two women had accused him of groping them.) Mr. Trump’s campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, would not say whether Mr. Trump planned to start tailoring his intraparty attacks by region. But she pointedly emailed an automated survey of Nevada voters showing that Republicans were punishing Representative Joe Heck in his Senate campaign for withdrawing his support of Mr. Trump. One of Mr. Trump’s most prominent remaining allies, the former House speaker Newt Gingrich, said the nominee’s blasts at other Republicans were an unnecessary diversion from targeting Mrs. Clinton. But Mr. Gingrich added that Mr. Ryan had invited the opprobrium from both Mr. Trump and his admirers. “Ryan wants to find a middle path, but he doesn’t understand that the middle path signals to his own partisans that he’s not hanging tough,” he said. “All you have to say if you’re Ryan is, ‘We need to beat Hillary Clinton, and I’m going to help beat Hillary Clinton. ’” Mrs. Clinton herself was reveling in the Republican conflagration and, in a new sign of confidence, used a rally in Pueblo, Colo. to appeal across state lines to voters in two red states that now appear within reach. ”If you’ve got friends in Utah or Arizona, make sure they vote, too,” she said. “We are competing everywhere. ”",0
3513,Clinton Campaign Paid Beyonce and Jay Z $62 Million For Cleveland Concert to Secure Black Votes | EndingFed News Network,"Email Print Cleveland, Ohio – Beyonce and Jay Z performed for “free” at the Get out the Vote concert last night for Hillary Clinton. However, sources revealed that the power couple was paid $62 Million to perform. According to sources closely connected with the power couple, Clinton and her campaign flew Beyonce and Jay Z out to a private meeting to discuss the election. With Hillary lacking the African-American voting numbers that Barack Obama had during his 2008 presidential, the Clinton campaign made a quick and desperate move in their final efforts to secure African-American votes. Empire Herald reported : “Jay and Beyonce got a call a few weeks ago from Clinton. She invited them for a weekend stay at a luxury hotel to meet regarding the election. Before Jay Z or Beyonce could voice any concerns or ask questions, Hillary pulled out a check. Beyonce saw the check first and her eye lit up like Christmas lights. On the last day of the meeting, Hillary told said to everyone, including Jay Z and Beyonce, “We definitely got the black vote now.” On the flight back to New York, Jay Z said, “You know what, Black Lives Matter, they matter because we got paid $62 Million to represent them.” Hillary Clinton can officially add Beyoncé and Jay Z to her list of devoted supporters. The musical power couple headlined a free get-out-the-vote concert in Cleveland on Friday night. . Cole, Chance The Rapper, and Big Sean were also among the list of artists who performed, offering their support to the Democratic nominee for president. As the concert’s official main headliner, Jay-Z kicked off the event with “Dirt Off Your Shoulder,” “F—WithMeYouKnowIGotIt,” and a couple of his older hit records. Shawn “Jay Z” Carter also brought out Big Sean to perform “Clique”. After Big Sean, Chance The Rapper, and J. Cole finished, Beyoncé made her entrance with her anthemic “Formation.” But before “Freedom” rang out, she shared her thoughts about the election. “There was a time when a woman’s opinion did not matter. If you were black, white, Mexican, Asian, Muslim, educated, poor, or rich, if you were a woman, it didn’t matter,” Beyoncé said. “Less than 100 years ago, women did not have the right to vote. Look how far we’ve come from having no voice to being on the brink of making history again, by electing the first woman president. But we have to vote. The world looks to us as a progressive country that leads change.” She continued: “Eight years ago, I was so inspired to know that my nephew, a young black child, could grow up knowing his dreams could be realized by witnessing a black president. And now, we have the opportunity to create more change. I want my daughter to grow up seeing a woman lead our country and know that her possibilities are limitless. “We have to think about the future of our daughters, our sons, and vote for someone who cares for them as much as we do,” she continued, concluding: “And that is why I’m with her.” After Beyonce’s performance, she and her husband, Jay Z, bowed, hugged, and kissed, ending their night with their official endorsement of Hillary Clinton. then Jay Z made his endorsement. “I want to grow up in a world where our daughter has no limitations. She can feel like she can be whatever she wants to be in the world,” he said. “This other guy [Donald Trump], I don’t have any ill will towards him, but his conversation is divisive, and that’s not an evolved soul to me. He cannot be my president. He cannot be our president. Once you divide us, you weaken us. We’re stronger together,” Jay Z added. Jay Z then welcomed Hillary Clinton on stage and, along with Beyoncé, gave the 69-year-old politician a big hug. Then, the former Secretary of State grabbed the mic. “We have a woman who is an inspiration to so many others. I thank Beyoncé for standing up and showing the world we are strongest when we look out for each other,” Clinton said. “And I thank Jay for addressing in his music some of our biggest challenges in the country: poverty, racism, the urgent end for criminal justice reform.” 
If you haven’t checked out and liked our Facebook page, please go here and do so. Leave a comment... ",0
3514,BREAKING : Hillary Sent “MARKED CLASSIFIED” Info to Nonsecure Huma Abedin Account – TruthFeed,"BREAKING : Hillary Sent “MARKED CLASSIFIED” Info to Nonsecure Huma Abedin Account BREAKING : Hillary Sent “MARKED CLASSIFIED” Info to Nonsecure Huma Abedin Account Breaking News By TruthFeedNews October 29, 2016 
NEW YORK – WND’s reporting in late August of a marked classified email Hillary Clinton forwarded to aide Huma Abedin could cast light on FBI Director James Comey’s dramatic disclosure to members of Congress Friday that the bureau had reopened its investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server due to new information apparently discovered in the sexting probe of former Rep. Anthony Weiner, Abedin’s estranged husband. 
Comey, however, said in his letter to Congress that he was only ‘briefed yesterday,’ meaning WND readers knew of the potential security breach two months before the director did. 
As WND reported Sept. 8 , Clinton forwarded an Aug. 8, 2009, email – clearly marked “Classified” – to a personal, nonsecure email address registered to aide Abedin, huma@clintonemail.com. Abedin then forwarded the message to another personal, nonsecure account, humamabedin@yahoo.com. 
In sworn testimony before Congress, however, Clinton declared, “There was nothing marked classified on my emails, either sent or received.” 
The 2009 email, sent to Clinton from longtime adviser Sidney Blumenthal, was discovered in a cache of emails obtained by Judicial Watch through a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit. The exchange concerned the “disastrous nature” of an Obama trip to Germany, charging the U.S. was “totally out of the loop in Berlin – no ambassador,” resulting in the expectation that “Germans and Russians will now cut their own separate deals on energy, regional security, etc.” 
WND also reported two-thirds of Abedin’s released emails were forwarded to personal addresses she controlled and Clinton’s State Department chief of staff, Cheryl Mills, may have received classified information through personal email accounts . 
In WND’s report of the marked classified email, Greg Davis, a U.S. Army veteran with more than 30 years experience as a military intelligence officer, told WND the handling of the message is “an obvious violation of national security regulations regarding the handling of classified information for which people normally go to prison.” 
Davis, the creator of the intelligence-oriented website SpookdBlog.com, said that typically the Justice Department would grant Abedin immunity from prosecution in return for her willingness to turn state’s evidence against Clinton. 
“If Huma refused to cooperate, the Department of Justice could threaten to seek a maximum prison term for her should their effort to bring a criminal prosecution against her succeed,” he said at the time. 
The email containing marked classified information previously was released by the State Department, but it was unknown until the Judicial Watch released that Clinton forwarded the exchange to Abedin’s nonsecure, personal Yahoo account. 
See the classified email: 
H/T – WND 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
3515,Donald Trump & Hillary Clinton ~ RAP SONG (The Oligarchy),"Donald Trump & Hillary Clinton ~ RAP SONG (The Oligarchy) Share on Facebook 
Sure there are differences between Trump & Hillary. But don't you see all the similarities? [watch video below] Caitlin Moran's Posthumous Advice for Her Daughter Caitlin Moran · 2,738 views today · My daughter is about to turn 13 and I’ve been smoking a lot recently, and so – in the wee small hours, when my lungs feel like there’s a small mouse inside them, scratching to...",0
3516,Scouring 11 Time Zones for a Contemporary Russian Art Show - The New York Times,"MOSCOW  —   It was an old Soviet tradition: No national art exhibition in Moscow was complete without at least one work from every region. Never mind that geographical balance often resulted in kitsch. Look at “The People’s Friendship Fountain,” for example, which dominates a major park here that is still called the Exhibition of the Achievements of the National Economy. (Soviet, or what?) The fountain consists of 16 gilded maidens, each in the national costume of one republic of the Soviet Union, proffering local bounty like wheat or corn. So the Garage Museum of Contemporary Art faced a certain quandary as it took on the challenge of assembling the first representative sample of contemporary art today in Russia  —   did it have to be a traditional geographic catalog, or would some other criterion work for a country that covers 11 time zones. “The country is so huge that we do not always understand it,” said Daria Kotova, the spokeswoman for Garage. The museum was developed by the art collector Dasha Zhukova and her oil billionaire husband, Roman A. Abramovich. Six curators scoured some 40 cities, from Kaliningrad to Vladivostok, examining works by hundreds of artists and whittling the selection down to 68 works in seven representative categories. “We discovered criteria, categories, optics and dimensions that we could not have in any way imagined before our trips,” said Tatiana Volkova, one of the curators. The resulting exhibition, given the somewhat ambitious title of the Triennial of Russian Contemporary Art, opened on March 10 for two months to mixed reviews, underscoring just how difficult it is to boil down such a vast, complex country to just one exhibition. Despite the effort to find unknown talent in the hinterlands, there was a high percentage of works from Moscow and St. Petersburg, critics found. At least one argued that a universal theme would have been better than seven. “I would have liked to see more new, but maybe there is none,” Olga Kabanova, the art critic for the Vedomosti newspaper, said in an interview. “The Triennial does give an understanding of contemporary art in Russia  —   there are national stars and there are unknown artists worthy of attention and support. ” A total of 200 portfolios are to be displayed eventually on the Triennial’s website. The Garage Museum has been housed here since 2015 in a former     cafeteria in Gorky Park retrofitted by Rem Koolhaas. The founders helped kindle something of a rage among Moscow tycoons for building private art museums, with about 10 open or under construction. Russian plutocrats buy plenty of pricey Western art, too, but like a dowager who wears only her paste jewels in public, they tend to stash their Picassos, Bacons and Richters abroad. Given the fickle hand of Russian law, expensive art serves not least as   savings accounts out of reach over the border. Instead, these new institutions mostly specialize in Russian art from different epochs. Ms. Zhukova, from the outset, said she wanted to use Garage to explore Russian contemporary art, and from there give it international exposure. The curators excavated some unexpected works in unexpected places. Take Chechnya. That Northern Caucasian republic is best known as the rather brutal fief of Ramzan Kadyrov, the warlord who gained added notoriety this month amid accusations that his security goon squads have been systematically arresting and murdering homosexuals. Yet Ekaterina Inozemtseva, one of the curators, discovered two striking works there. One included in the “Common Language” category is a short video by a budding filmmaker, Zaurbek Tsugaev, 33, titled “ . ” In it, an elderly grandmother runs her hands over an iPhone, seemingly trying to figure out how it works. “What a contrast between the landscape of her hands and the flatness of the new gadget,” Ms. Inozemtseva said during a tour of the show. Another piece from Chechnya in the “Fidelity to Place” category consisted of    metal house numbers from a Grozny street, with half missing at random. The artist, Aslan Gaisumov, 25, said he searched for artifacts from old Grozny and the 50 battered plaques were all he could find from one of the many streets leveled during recent wars with Russia. “To me that was like a   that brought back a certain memory before the war,” said Roxana Marcoci, a senior curator at the Museum of Modern Art in New York, who was in Moscow for the Triennial’s opening. “It was done in a way that was postconceptual, but dealt with history. ” Ms. Marcoci found the “Art in Action” category  —   basically political art  —   especially intriguing because Russian domestic politics rarely make headlines abroad. Much of the art in this section, often created by collectives, focused on the plight of Russian women. For example, a piece by the Nadenka Creative Association in Omsk, in southern Siberia, took everyday objects like pot holders or panties and embroidered them with important dates or facts related to women. The panties, for example, read “1920 1936 1955 my right for an abortion,” referring to the years when abortion laws came into effect. One embroidered oven mitt read: “As a result of domestic violence in Russia more than 14, 000 women die per year. Legislation in domestic violence has been adopted in 140 countries but not Russia. Happy New 2016!” Ms. Inozemtseva said that she had seen so many photography portfolios that by the time she reached Kaliningrad and someone mentioned a talented photographer, her first reaction was, “ Please, God, no!” One portfolio, “My Friend the Street Musician,” focused on Oleg Fomin, a Novosibirsk musician. Here is Mr. Fomin performing in the subway. There he is soaking in his bathtub. “He is a Siberian playboy with a star’s face,” said the photographer, Evgeny Ivanov, 58. “He was the soul of the city, everyone knew him. ” Mr. Fomin died soon after the series was completed, and the next set of photographs showed his apartment swept clean by relatives of all the    he had amassed over decades. “That is the cycle of life,” shrugged the photographer. Given the country’s history, periodic references to Soviet life were inevitable. The choreographer Sasha Pirogova, 31, created the video “Queue,” of a dance piece based on a famous novel by Vladimir Sorokin. The book focused in detail on the almost biological life of the endless lines for everything in the Soviet Union. In “Queue,” some performers inked their position in line  —   No. 1, 227, for example  —   right on their bodies as the line appeared to continue for eternity. Ms. Pirogova will be among the artists representing Russia in the next Venice Biennale. The “Master Figure” category grouped artists with   reputations. Ilgizar Khasanov, 58, from the Kazan in the south, presented a trilogy, “Female, Male, Red,” addressing gender issues. The striking centerpiece, “Red,” was inspired by starkly different gender roles in the Soviet Union. It consisted of a giant mobile made up of dozens of ordinary objects  —   all Communist red  —   used by the two sexes as they matured. Objects like a hairbrush and a dress are on one side male icons like boxing gloves and toy cars on the other. Mr. Khasanov said that he was struck by the growing nostalgia for the Soviet Union despite its many problems, so he wanted to explore why people “want to become Soviet again. ” The plethora of work disguised just how hard it is to become an artist, noted Taus Makhacheva, 33, whose work “The Way of an Object” consisted of three puppets, modeled on museum objects from her native Dagestan, which take on a life of their own. The Soviet Union treated artists well, she noted, granting them subsidized apartments, studios and vacations, and helping to distribute their work. No art scene in any Russian city receives any remotely similar support, she said. “All these scenes exist ‘despite’  —   despite the reality, despite no support, despite everything,” Ms. Makhacheva said. “It is art despite, which makes it incredibly real and incredibly beautiful. ” Over all, both locals and outsiders find the Triennial uneven, but ultimately an engaging start toward exposing contemporary Russian art to the world. Ms. Marcoci, from MoMA, called the exhibition “an  ” with a “conversational feel. ” “It is the first triennial of Russian art, but what is Russia?” she said. “Russia is a place grounded in multiple cultures  —   it is uneven, but it felt like an exhibition with a lot of energy and an element of disruptiveness. ”",0
3517,Knicks Acquire Oft-Injured Derrick Rose From the Bulls - The New York Times,"In a move designed to upgrade a conspicuously ineffectual backcourt, the Knicks completed a blockbuster deal with the Chicago Bulls on Wednesday and acquired point guard Derrick Rose, who won the Most Valuable Player Award in 2011 before struggling with a string of serious knee injuries. In exchange for Rose  —   as well as guard Justin Holiday and a 2017   draft pick  —   the Knicks sent center Robin Lopez, point guard Jose Calderon and point guard Jerian Grant to the Bulls. “This is an exciting day for New York and our fans,” Knicks Coach Jeff Hornacek said in a statement sent out by the team. “Derrick is one of the top point guards in the N. B. A. who is   . He adds a whole new dynamic to our roster and immediately elevates our backcourt. ” The acquisition of Rose, 27, splashy as it was, came   of question marks for the Knicks. At the least, the move added another alluring boldface name to a team that already featured Carmelo Anthony and Kristaps Porzingis. Rose, who was named rookie of the year in 2009 and made the   team the next three seasons, has long been one of the most recognizable faces in the league. Yet many believe Rose’s best seasons are in the past, and he has been known better over the last few years for his lengthy stints on the Bulls’ disabled list. He played in only 100 games from the   season to the   season and sat out the entire   campaign. Last season, he appeared in 66 games for the Bulls and averaged 16. 4 points and 4. 7 assists in 31. 8 minutes per game. Rose was also accused of sexual battery in a lawsuit filed last year by a former girlfriend who charged that he and two other men had drugged her and sexually assaulted her in 2013. Rose has denied the allegations, and a trial is scheduled to begin in October. Whatever risks or rewards Rose may bring, his tenure with the Knicks could be short. He has one year left on his contract, with a base salary of about $21. 3 million for the coming season. Holiday, a       guard, averaged 4. 5 points in 53 games for the Atlanta Hawks and the Bulls last season. As the Knicks tried to solidify their backcourt, they created another hole in their roster with the departure of Lopez. The move could compel them to pursue a   big man in the coming weeks. Lopez joined the team as a free agent last summer and, after a slow start, found his stride in the second half of the season. He started all 82 games and averaged 10. 3 points and 7. 3 rebounds. His bruising presence at the center position allowed Porzingis, a rookie last season, to adjust to the pace and physicality of the N. B. A. Calderon, 34, started 72 games for the Knicks and averaged 7. 6 points and 4. 2 assists. Grant, 23, was a   pick in the 2015 draft. He inherited the starting point guard job from Calderon in the final days of the Knicks’   season, which they finished  . The Knicks also announced on Wednesday that they had waived guard Tony Wroten. Into that newly vacated space arrives Rose, who was born in Chicago and played one season at Memphis before becoming the No. 1 pick in the 2008 N. B. A. draft. Rose exploded into the N. B. A. and became the youngest player to win the league’s M. V. P. Award at 22. He was a physical dynamo in those early years. He sprang and slashed in his signature drives to the hoop, and his overwhelming athleticism helped to mask his deficiencies shooting from outside. Rose played in 240 games in his first three seasons in the league, and he averaged 20. 9 points and 6. 7 assists in that time. A spate of injuries in recent years has kept him from reaching those same heights. It began in the   season. The Bulls finished that season tied for the best record in the league. But in the first game of the postseason, Rose tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee, and he missed all of the following season as a result of the injury. In November 2013, just 10 games into the season, Rose tore the meniscus of his right knee and missed the rest of the season. He sustained the same injury in February 2015, the following season, and missed 20 more games. Last September, he sustained a fracture in his left eye socket after taking an elbow to the face in practice and had to undergo yet another operation. The sum of those injuries left him a shadow of his former self once he returned to the court. He has a chance to   in the spotlight next season with the Knicks.",0
3518,"What is one more election thread, ehhh?","a reply to: kruphix Theocracy? Tim Kaine? In September 1980, as violence and civil war erupted throughout Central America, a quiet American left Harvard Law School to volunteer with Jesuit missionaries in northern Honduras. Around him, the United States-backed military dictatorship hunted Marxists and cracked down on the Catholic clergy for preaching empowerment to peasant farmers. But some locals also looked warily on the bearded and mop-haired Midwesterner in their midst. Just a few hours south, the Central Intelligence Agency was using Honduras as a staging ground in its covert war against Latin American communism, with right-wing forces training for operations in El Salvador and Nicaragua. “Some of the people were wondering what’s going on, who is this guy?” Tim Kaine, then a 22-year-old volunteer and now the Democratic nominee for vice president, said in an interview. He understood why. His mentors in the priesthood had also urged him to be wary of friendly American faces. Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story “It was a time of such intrigue and suspicion,” Mr. Kaine said. Far from being a C.I.A. operative, Mr. Kaine was a young Catholic at a crossroads, undergoing a spiritual shift as he awakened to the plight of the deeply poor in Honduras. In its far-flung pueblos, banana plantation company towns and dusty cities, Mr. Kaine embraced an interpretation of the gospel, known as liberation theology, that championed social change to improve the lives of the downtrodden. In Honduras, his recitation of the traditional Catholic mealtime blessing changed to “Lord give bread to those who hunger, and hunger for justice to those who have bread.” Honduran military leaders, American officials and even Pope John Paul II viewed liberation theology suspiciously, as dangerously injecting Marxist beliefs into religious teaching. But the strong social-justice message of liberation theology helped set Mr. Kaine on a left-veering career path in which he fought as a lawyer against housing discrimination, became a liberal mayor, and rose as a Spanish-speaking governor and senator with an enduring focus on Latin America.",0
3519,Quake Exposes Italy’s Challenge to Retrofit Its Architecture - The New York Times,"CASETTA, Italy  —   Romano Camassi, a seismologist, picked up a   speck as he surveyed the damage from this week’s earthquake on the green mountain crest where the village of Casetta, now ruins, once perched. “This is just ground, soil,” he said, sadly. “In so many buildings in this area, that was the material used to keep together the irregular stones found in the surroundings which people used to build their homes. ” Experts like Mr. Camassi, who was part of the first team from Italy’s Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology to arrive at the quake zone in central Italy, say the destruction was amplified by vulnerable buildings whose upgrades to   codes were deemed too costly for many Italians to carry out, too complicated to finance and too cumbersome to get approved. Italy is beloved for its rich architectural history. But that beauty comes at a steep price: both the lives lost when nature reminds its borrowers who is boss, and the money required in the attempt to even the scales. The country has spent an average of 3. 5 billion euros a year, or $3. 9 billion, for the past 50 years to fix earthquake damage, according to the Italian Association of Builders. And, in the aftermath of Wednesday’s quake, Prime Minister Matteo Renzi announced yet another plan to rebuild and buttress Italy’s ancient infrastructure. Many experts maintain that Italy has among the world’s best   standards already  —   at least on paper. But the problems in executing them are legion: money, corruption, tangled bureaucracy, shoddy construction and a lack of enforcement of national regulations at the local level. This quake, like many in the past, already seems likely to expose corners that were cut, contributing to the 280 or more deaths in about 80 villages in the area along the Apennines, Italy’s fragile spinal cord, where the 6.  quake struck. Prosecutors quickly announced an investigation into why a school in Amatrice, the town of about 2, 600 where the most deaths occurred, and the bell tower in nearby Accumoli collapsed. The bell tower, which had recently been refurbished, killed an entire family when it fell. The school, built in the 1930s and renovated in 2012, was supposedly built to new   standards. “You can have the best rules, but if the weak link is the human factor then it’s all over,” said Gianpaolo Rosati, a professor of structural engineering at the Polytechnic University of Milan. “Unfortunately, we find ourselves always protesting about the same things. ” Perhaps the most central, and inescapable, problem is that Italy is old. About 60 percent of its buildings are estimated to be more than 100 years old. That means that most of the country’s architectural heritage was built before any of the modern   standards were instituted. “You can’t ask that an ancient structure adhere to norms designed for modern structures, but you can try to improve them, that’s the path to take with the objective to save human lives,” said Donatella Guzzoni, an engineer and an expert in the preservation of historic buildings. “Italy has the best technologies to do this,” she added. “But it does come down to money. ” Casetta, a hamlet of about two dozen homes, sat on the hill north of Amatrice on the east side of the Tronto River that cuts this valley between two mountain chains. The area was among the most devastated by the quake for a combination of historical, economic and cultural reasons, Mr. Camassi said. “In many cases, they used rounded river stones, put next to one another by someone who ignored even the most ancient best construction practices,” he said. He pointed to a long cement beam hanging perilously from the debris of a   house. “When residents decided to reinforce the buildings, they often substituted the light wooden roofs with cement beams and bricks like that, which only worsened the impact of the quake because they burdened the otherwise frail structure,” he said. Mr. Camassi and other experts pointed out that certifying an existing building to   standards was difficult and often too expensive for most people. Just having a technical expert determine a building’s vulnerability has a price, Mr. Rosati said, estimating it would cost around 10, 000 euros to evaluate a small house. “The cost of reinforcing a building to meet   standards can be around 300 euro per square meter, which means the owner of a largish apartment faces a cost of some 300, 000 euro,” he said, sometimes more than the apartment is worth. And it is not enough for just one homeowner to want to sleep a little easier. “The entire apartment building has to agree to do the same,” he added, and if the palazzos or apartment buildings are connected, the whole neighborhood must agree. Villages like Amatrice and Accumoli are loved for the charm of their narrow streets and spaces, where houses were built cheek to cheek over the centuries to use prime land, often atop narrow peaks. In those tightly packed places, the entire block must be reinforced or the buildings “interact” in an earthquake and can topple like dominoes, Mr. Rosati said. That is precisely the dynamic Mr. Camassi found in Casetta. “Neighbors built in different periods, different buildings with different materials, but adjacent,” he said. “So even those that would have resisted the quake were damaged or even taken down by the others. ” Farther up the mountain is Cossito, an idyllic village of little houses with red geraniums on the terraces. One narrow street divides a recently restored building from the town square, where almost all homes collapsed, killing at least three people. The village had only four families, Mr. Camassi said, and they all lost a member or a close friend. “We thought we did all we needed, but now we simply need to erase this house,” said Roberto Paganelli, a former police officer in the Carabinieri, who was retrieving items from his    mother’s home. The building dates to 1864, he said, and was reinforced in the 1960s. The costs of evaluating and retrofitting old structures are prohibitive for many in this corner of Italy, an easy drive from Rome. Many of these homes were used only in the summer and were not primary residences worth a huge investment. In many cases, the residents are old, living on a pension and barely getting by. The state cannot oblige homeowners to upgrade their buildings unless there are obvious reasons to intervene. “We have    norms, but they only apply to new buildings or important restorations,” said Luca Ferrari, the president of Italy’s Association of Seismic Engineers. “For the vast majority of buildings, we don’t have an   classification, so no one knows whether they are dangerous or not during a quake. ” With a   group of experts, Mr. Ferrari drafted guidelines to classify buildings, with parameters similar to the energy efficiency of a building. This work finished in April 2015, but the government campaign  —   and its fiscal incentives  —   to reinforce existing buildings were still lacking, he said. “This area is at very high seismic danger, and we know that in these small towns of the Apennine Mountains, there are vulnerable buildings,” said Filippo Bernardini, a geologist who worked on Mr. Camassi’s team. “Unless we build better, we offer no hope for the future. ” The alternative  —   razing ancient buildings to construct modern,    palazzos  —   is hardly an option. “In other countries there is greater renewal of the architectural patrimony. They don’t think much about knocking something down to rebuild to different standards,” said Sergio Lagomarsino, an engineering professor at the University of Genoa. But, as Mr. Lagomarsino pointed out, Italy has a more conservative approach and is aware that preserving its heritage has value for the country. “In the face of an important building you can’t demolish a historic center and rebuild it with fake stones,” he said. “It would ‘denaturalize’ Italy. ”",0
3520,Israeli Minister Says Yahweh did Earthquake as Revenge,"These Jews have such a hateful god, wow. 
Yahweh just punishing bitches left and right. 
RT : 
Two earthquakes, which struck Italy this week, were âretributionâ for the countryâs support of the UNESCO resolution disregarding the Jewish connection to Jerusalem, Israeli Deputy Minister for Regional Cooperation Ayoob Kara said. 
âIâm sure that the earthquake happened because of the UNESCO decision,â Kara, a member of the ruling Likud Party, wrote in a memo, Ynetnews Â website reported. 
Ironically, the Israeli politician was on a state visit to the Vatican when the quakes hit central Italy on Wednesday, killing one and injuring 10 people. 
Earlier the same day, UNESCO (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization), passed a resolution criticizing Israel for its handling of the holy site in Jerusalem â called Temple Mount by Jews, and Haram al-Sharif by Muslims. 
The document was adopted after heated debate over its wording, and particularly the Arabic names used in the document. Italy was among the nations voting in favor of the resolution. 
Israel blasted UNESCO and its Arab members for trying to undermine Jewish connections to the holy site. 
Kara arrived in the Vatican in a fruitless effort to avert the resolution, but still managed to have a small chat with the leader of the Catholic Church. 
According to Kara, Pope Francis âstrongly disagreedâ with the resolution. 
âHe (the Pope) even said publicly that the holy land is connected to the Nation of Israel,â the deputy minister stressed. 
Yeah, he’s not a good Pope. 
Our model Pope is Urban II, who just wanted to exterminate all non-Whites in the Holy Land, Jew or Moslem. 
Do the Jews not know that people are paying attention to these types of statements now? 
If so, why do they keep making them? If you ever see a Jew covering his door frame with sheeps blood, it should definitely be a cause for concern. 
Even if this Jew believes Yahweh did the earthquake as revenge, why would he state it publicly? Italy is not a Jew country and presumably does not believe in the magic powers of the Jewish god. 
So what is the point of making this statement, which can only serve to make the Jews and their god appear hostile, violent, hateful and evil?",0
3521,Joss Whedon Fears Trump Administration Will Start Killing Gay People,"Director Joss Whedon took to Twitter Thursday to express his fear that President Donald Trump’s administration may mimic the Chechnyan government and begin arresting and killing gay people. [The Avengers director was reacting to a Twitter user who had posted a New York Times article titled “Chechen Authorities Arresting and Killing Gay Men, Russian Paper Says. ”  Chechnya has begun a massacre of its gay male population. https:  .   —   ANTHONY OLIVEIRA (@meakoopa) April 2, 2017,  In response to the NYT article, the director wrote, “This is harrowing, and it’s where we’re headed if we don’t unite and act. Please use your #resistance skills to address this atrocity. ” This is harrowing, and it’s where we’re headed if we don’t unite and act. Please use your #resistance skills to address this atrocity https:  .   —   Joss Whedon (@joss) April 6, 2017,  Whedon actively worked against Trump during the election and has spent months hurling personal attacks against the president and his family. In September, Whedon assembled the cast of his Marvel comics movie and other Hollywoods stars to produce an   Trump campaign ad. Shortly after Trump’s historic victory, Whedon said Trump cannot “cannot be allowed a term in office. ” “It’s not about 2018. It’s about RIGHT NOW,” he wrote. This is simple: Trump cannot CANNOT be allowed a term in office. It’s not about 2018. It’s about RIGHT NOW,  —   Joss Whedon (@joss) November 14, 2016,  In January, the Buffy the Vampire Slayer scribe attacked President Trump’s    Jared Kushner, and compared his wife, Ivanka Trump, to a dog. “Hey, keep your eyes on this fu*king prize too. He’s a Voldemort in training,” he wrote on Twitter, sharing a photo of Jared Kushner standing next to Trump in the Oval Office. “Unlike the Pekingese he married under, can play the long game,” he added, comparing Ivanka to the dog breed. Hey, keep your eyes on this fucking prize too. He’s a Voldemort in training,  unlike the Pekingese he married under, can play the long game pic. twitter.   —   Joss Whedon (@joss) January 24, 2017,  In January, Whedon used his Twitter account to wish for a painful and humiliating end to House Speaker Paul Ryan. “Violence solves nothing. I want a rhino to f*ck @SpeakerRyan to death with its horn because it’s FUNNY, not because he’s a #GOPmurderbro,” he wrote.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
3522,How Putin Derailed the West's Grand Project to Remake the World - Mike Whitney,"Taming the corporate media beast How Putin Derailed the West's Grand Project to Remake the World 
The improbable alliance of Russia, Syria, Iran and Hezbollah has checked Washington's grand project to remake the world by erasing borders, liquidating states, and removing strong, secular leaders. Originally appeared at CounterPunch 
“Nation state as a fundamental unit of man’s organized life has ceased to be the principal creative force: International banks and multinational corporations are acting and planning in terms that are far in advance of the political concepts of the nation-state.” 
— Zbigniew Brzezinski, “Between Two Ages: The Technetronic Era”, 1971 
“I’m going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria….not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees, but to gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians.” 
— Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Third Presidential Debate 
Why is Hillary Clinton so eager to intensify US involvement in Syria when US interventions in Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya have all gone so terribly wrong? 
The answer to this question is simple. It’s because Clinton doesn’t think that these interventions went wrong. And neither do any of the other members of the US foreign policy establishment. (aka–The Borg). In fact, in their eyes these wars have been a rousing success. Sure, a few have been critical of the public relations backlash from the nonexistent WMD in Iraq, (or the logistical errors, like disbanding the Iraqi Army) but–for the most part– the foreign policy establishment is satisfied with its efforts to destabilize the region and remove leaders that refuse to follow Washington’s diktats. 
This is hard for ordinary people to understand. They can’t grasp why elite powerbrokers would want to transform functioning, stable countries into uninhabitable wastelands overrun by armed extremists, sectarian death squads and foreign-born terrorists. Nor can they understand what has been gained by Washington’s 15 year-long rampage across the Middle East and Central Asia that has turned a vast swathe of strategic territory into a terrorist breeding grounds? What is the purpose of all this? 
First, we have to acknowledge that the decimation and de facto balkanization of these countries is part of a plan. If it wasn’t part of a plan, than the decision-makers would change the policy. But they haven’t changed the policy. The policy is the same. The fact that the US is using foreign-born jihadists to pursue regime change in Syria as opposed to US troops in Iraq, is not a fundamental change in the policy. The ultimate goal is still the decimation of the state and the elimination of the existing government. This same rule applies to Libya and Afghanistan both of which have been plunged into chaos by Washington’s actions. 
But why? What is gained by destroying these countries and generating so much suffering and death? 
Here’s what I think: I think Washington is involved in a grand project to remake the world in a way that better meets the needs of its elite constituents, the international banks and multinational corporations. Brzezinski not only refers to this in the opening quote, he also explains what is taking place: The nation-state is being jettisoned as the foundation upon which the global order rests . 
Instead, Washington is erasing borders, liquidating states, and removing strong, secular leaders that can mount resistance to its machinations in order to impose an entirely new model on the region, a new world order. The people who run these elite institutions want to create an interconnected-global free trade zone overseen by the proconsuls of Big Capital, in other words, a global Eurozone that precludes the required state institutions (like a centralized treasury, mutual debt, federal transfers) that would allow the borderless entity to function properly. 
Deep state powerbrokers who set policy behind the smokescreen of our bought-and-paid-for congress think that one world government is an achievable goal provided they control the world’s energy supplies, the world’s reserve currency and become the dominant player in this century’s most populous and prosperous region, Asia. This is essentially what Hillary’s “pivot” to Asia is all about. 
The basic problem with Washington’s NWO plan is that a growing number of powerful countries are still attached to the old world order and are now prepared to defend it. This is what’s really going on in Syria, the improbable alliance of Russia, Syria, Iran and Hezbollah have stopped the US military juggernaut dead in its tracks. The unstoppable force has hit the immovable object and the immovable object has prevailed…so far. 
Naturally, the foreign policy establishment is upset about these new developments, and for good reason. The US has run the world for quite a while now, so the rolling back of US policy in Syria is as much a surprise as it is a threat. The Russian Airforce deployed to Syria a full year ago in September, but only recently has Washington shown that it’s prepared to respond by increasing its support of its jihadists agents on the ground and by mounting an attack on ISIS in the eastern part of the country, Raqqa. 
But the real escalation is expected to take place when Hillary Clinton becomes president in 2017. That’s when the US will directly engage Russia militarily, assuming that their tit-for-tat encounters will be contained within Syria’s borders. It’s a risky plan, but it’s the next logical step in this bloody fiasco. Neither party wants a nuclear war, but Washington believes that doing nothing is tantamount to backing down, therefore, Hillary and her neocon advisors can be counted on to up the ante. “No-fly zone”, anyone? 
The assumption is that eventually, and with enough pressure, Putin will throw in the towel. But this is another miscalculation. Putin is not in Syria because he wants to be nor is he there because he values his friendship with Syrian President Bashar al Assad. That’s not it at all. Putin is in Syria because he has no choice. Russia’s national security is at stake. If Washington’s strategy of deploying terrorists to topple Assad succeeds, then the same ploy will be attempted in Iran and Russia. Putin knows this, just like he knows that the scourge of foreign-backed terrorism can decimate entire regions like Chechnya. He knows that it’s better for him to kill these extremists in Aleppo than it will be in Moscow. So he can’t back down, that’s not an option. 
But, by the same token, he can compromise, in other words, his goals and the goals of Assad do not perfectly coincide. For example, he could very well make territorial concessions to the US for the sake of peace that Assad might not support. 
But why would he do that? Why wouldn’t he continue to fight until every inch of Syria’s sovereign territory is recovered? 
Because it’s not in Russia’s national interest to do so, that’s why. Putin has never tried to conceal the fact that he’s in Syria to protect Russia’s national security. That’s his main objective. But he’s not an idealist, he’s a pragmatist who’ll do whatever he has to to end the war ASAP. That means compromise. 
This doesn’t matter to the Washington warlords….yet. But it will eventually. Eventually there will be an accommodation of some sort. No one is going to get everything they want, that much is certain. For example, it’s impossible to imagine that Putin would launch a war on Turkey to recover the territory that Turkish troops now occupy in N Syria. In fact, Putin may have already conceded as much to Turkish president Tayyip Erdogan in their recent meetings. But that doesn’t mean that Putin doesn’t have his red lines. He does. Aleppo is a red line. Turkish troops will not be allowed to enter Aleppo. 
The western corridor, the industrial and population centers are all red lines. On these, there will be no compromise. Putin will help Assad remain in power and keep the country largely intact. But will Turkey control sections in the north, and will the US control sections in the east? 
Probably. This will have to be worked out in negotiations, but its unlikely that the country’s borders will be the same as they were before the war broke out. Putin will undoubtedly settle for a halfloaf provided the fighting ends and security is restored. In any event, he’s not going to hang around until the last dog is hung. 
Unfortunately, we’re a long way from any settlement in Syria, mainly because Washington is nowhere near accepting the fact that its project to rule the world has been derailed. That’s the crux of the matter, isn’t it? The bigshots who run the country are still in denial. It hasn’t sunk in yet that the war is lost and that their nutty jihadist-militia plan has failed. 
It’s going to take a long time before Washington gets the message that the world is no longer its oyster. The sooner they figure it out, the better it’ll be for everyone.",0
3523,"Ukraine, François Fillon, Quebec: Your Wednesday Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning. Here’s what you need to know to start your day in Europe: • President Trump nominated a conservative judge from Denver, Neil M. Gorsuch, to the U. S. Supreme Court, presaging yet another political battle in Washington. The    nominee’s legal philosophy echoes that of Justice Antonin Scalia, whose seat he will fill if confirmed. In Congress, Democrats sought to delay confirmation for Mr. Trump’s cabinet picks after he fired the acting attorney general for defying his contentious immigration order. About 1, 000 American diplomats around the world have signed a   dissent cable objecting to the order, and legal challenges are mounting. We met seven Iranians stuck in Amsterdam who are among thousands of people affected by the measure. While the immigration order has prompted protests and raised anxiety in corporate America and among U. S. allies, a broad swath of the U. S. electorate appears to welcome it. _____ • Donald Tusk, the president of the European Council, called President Trump a potential threat to the European Union, saying his administration seemed to “put into question the last 70 years of American foreign policy. ” Other foreign leaders also wonder whether they can depend on the U. S. to honor defense treaties and trade pacts, given the new president’s litany of impulsive statements and false claims. And Mr. Trump’s top trade adviser waded into E. U. politics by accusing Germany of exploiting other European countries, and the U. S. by keeping the euro artificially low. _____ • The war in eastern Ukraine has intensified, with the government in Kiev and   separatists blaming each other for the surge in violence. Kiev said it was preparing the evacuation of thousands of civilians from the   city of Avdiivka after days of shelling there. _____ • Romania’s government decriminalized official misconduct in some cases, dealing a blow to a yearslong anticorruption campaign. Thousands of people took to the streets in protest, and President Klaus Iohannis, who serves in a largely ceremonial role, called it “a day of mourning for the rule of law. ” _____ • In France, François Fillon’s presidential campaign suffered another blow with new accusations that the conservative’s relatives received government funds for   jobs. The police searched offices in the lower house of Parliament as part of their investigation. And Marine Le Pen, the   presidential candidate, refused to repay 298, 000 euros that the European Parliament, of which she is a member, said she misused. _____ • Take a look at the roaring wheels of China’s   industry. Our latest 360 video comes from the streets of Beijing, where couriers play a crucial role in one of the world’s largest delivery markets. • The eurozone’s economic growth last year exceeded that of the United States for the first time since the 2008 financial crisis, new estimates show. • The E. U. reached a preliminary deal that paves the way for abolishing roaming fees by June. • Uber will partner with Daimler,  the first time a major automaker will provide its own   vehicles specifically for the company’s network. • Apple returned to growth, reporting    revenue largely thanks to the latest iPhones. • Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • In Canada, the deadly shooting in Quebec City has left some wondering whether law enforcement officials played down the threat of   nationalist groups. [The New York Times] • Documents discovered in Iraq offer a chilling picture of the Islamic State’s armed drone program, cobbled out of readily accessible technology. [The New York Times] • Israel announced plans to build 3, 000 new homes in West Bank settlements, even as it was preparing to enforce the   removal of a settlement outpost. [The New York Times] • Lech Walesa, the leader of Poland’s Solidarity movement, said a handwriting analysis that determined he was a paid Communist informant in the 1970s was politically motivated. [The New York Times] • The Czech Foreign Ministry said its email servers had been hacked by a “statelike actor,” in a manner similar to the breach of the Democratic National Committee’s servers. [The New York Times] • One of Europe’s most successful currency counterfeiters is standing trial in Spain. Up to two million of his fake euro notes could still be in circulation. [El País] • Recipe of the day: If you’ve got an hour tonight, try this simple take on roast chicken. • Who knew   could be so . .. complicated? • After a painful breakup, a young woman finds healing in honesty, with both her   and herself. • New York’s    Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show has added new breeds to its annual event (and  —   brace yourself  —   cats). • From Bertolt Brecht, who fled Nazi Germany, to Viet Thanh Nguyen, who escaped Vietnam, we look at major contributions to American literature by refugees. • Peter Capaldi, the 12th and current “Doctor Who,” is leaving the BBC show. The next season, which starts in April, will be his last. • And home cooks are raving about the Instant Pot, which combines an electric pressure cooker, slow cooker, rice cooker and yogurt maker. One of our food writers is a convert. Avalanches have made news in recent weeks. One in central Italy buried a hotel and killed 29 people. Another in California seriously injured a group of hikers. High tech is trying to help snow adventurers survive avalanches with tools to add to the basic shovel and probe. The big danger is being buried and running out of air. So there are backpacks with airbags that cause the churning snow to drive the wearer toward the surface. For someone trapped beneath the snow, a product called an AvaLung can be a lifesaver. It’s a breathing tube that snakes through a backpack, so that inhales are far from the ice block formed by the melting power of exhales. But one of the most recommended tools, the avalanche transceiver, isn’t all that new. In the 1960s, the scientist Edward LaChapelle developed an early version, which John Lawton, another researcher, later improved. That led to the Skadi, an audio transmitter inside a plastic box that was nicknamed “the hot dog” and fit inside a jacket pocket. The Times in 1969 heralded its arrival, noting that the Skadi could eventually replace a much different tool: the avalanche dog. Sean Alfano contributed reporting. _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. Read the latest edition of the U. S. briefing here and the latest for Asia and Australia here. What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes. com.",0
3524,"Sanctuary State’s Deported Alien Suspected in Kidnapping, Murder","Pennsylvania police arrested a previously deported criminal alien from Connecticut suspected in the murder of his wife, assault of another woman, and kidnapping his daughter. The entire State of Connecticut has been certified by the Department of Justice (DOJ) as a sanctuary jurisdiction. [Police in the Keystone State arrested Oscar Obedio Hernandez, 39, after Bridgeport police issued an amber alert for his daughter,    Aylin Hernandez. Police in his resident town of Bridgeport issued the alert after being called to his home. Upon arriving at the scene, police discovered the body of the child’s mother, Nidia Gonzalez. Police suspect Hernandez for stabbing Gonzalez to death, the Hartford Courant reported. Another woman, said to be a friend, was also stabbed repeatedly. She is expected to survive her wounds, Fox News reported.  “He was removed from the United States by ICE officers in Hartford on Nov. 27, 2013,” Shawn Neudauer, an Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) spokesman, said in a statement reported by the Courant. “He has prior felony convictions from 2002 for assault and threatening, as well as several misdemeanor convictions. ICE has placed an immigration detainer with the Bridgeport Police Department. ” Following a months’ long effort by Congressman John Culberson ( ) the DOJ certified the entire state of Connecticut as a sanctuary jurisdiction  —   making them ineligible to receive federal law enforcement grants. He said jurisdictions like Connecticut, California, and the other eight jurisdictions certified not to be in compliance with federal law, must “choose between protecting criminal aliens and receiving federal funds. ” Just two days ago, Breitbart News’ Warner Todd Huston reported Connecticut Governor Dannel Maloy sent a memo to law enforcement agencies advising them not to detain a criminal alien based on their immigration status. The sanctuary state governor insisted police should not treat immigration detainers as an official order or warrant. He continued, advising law enforcement officials to deny federal immigration authorities access to criminal aliens in their custody. Hernandez was not unknown to local police. He had previously been served with a protective order from involving another woman who was not involved in this week’s case. Bridgeport Mayor Joe Ganim, a convicted felon who was   to his job after serving seven years in a federal prison after a   corruption conviction, thanked the police for their rapid action to secure the missing girl. Police in Pennsylvania spotted Hernandez’ Hyundai about 300 miles from his Connecticut home. A state police trooper initiated a traffic stop, but Hernandez reportedly refused to yield. Other troopers soon joined the pursuit, according to the Courant. Hernandez eventually lost control and crashed his car into a tractor trailer. The pursuing trooper crashed his vehicle into the rear of Hernandez’ car, and another police vehicle struck the trooper’s car. Aylin Hernandez suffered minor injuries in the crash, Fox News reported. Immigration officials placed an immigration hold on Hernandez. Bridgeport officials have not indicated if they will honor the detainer. Bridgeport spokesperson Rowena White said Hernandez’ immigration status “was not part of the conversation today. ” She called it a separate issue from the current investigation. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
3525,#PodestaEmails20: WikiLeaks releases another batch from Clinton campaign chair,"#PodestaEmails20: WikiLeaks releases another batch from Clinton campaign chair #PodestaEmails20: WikiLeaks releases another batch from Clinton campaign chair By 0 47 
WikiLeaks has released a 20th batch of emails from the account of John Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chair. 
The whistleblowing site has promised to release 50,000 messages from Podesta in the lead up to the US presidential election on November 8. A total of 34,197 communications have been released to date. 
READ MORE: ‘There’s no good answer’: Podesta leaks show Clinton campaign stumped by email server debacle Preparing for Bill 
Bill Clinton’s controversial past was evidently of concern to his wife’s campaign team, which discussed how to handle questions on allegations of sexual assault against him. 
Preparation for what the media might throw at her included the questions: “Will you apologize to the women who were wrongly smeared by your husband and his allies?” and “How is what Bill Clinton did different from what Bill Cosby did?” 
The mail was sent by Ron Klain, a member of Clinton’s debate preparation team, on January 12, 2016. Several days previous Paula Jones, one of Bill Clinton’s accusers, gave an interview calling Hillary Clinton a “liar” and “two-faced” for trying to discredit her husband’s accusers. Let’s hope the Democratic party is not suicidal 
A July 2015 email from Clinton adviser Neera Tanden to Podesta discusses a CNN poll which she guesses will show, “Bernie doing pretty well w Hillary and doing as well against Jeb or close to it.” 
“Can you imagine what Republicans would do with him if he were the nominee?” Podesta replies, referring to Sanders. 
“Well, let’s see what the poll actually says. Let’s hope the Democratic party is not suicidal,” Tanden says. 
“Do we actually know who told Hillary she could use a private email?” she asks. “And has that person been drawn and quartered?” 
“Like whole thing is f*cking insane,” she adds. Extraterrestrial disclosure 
Former astronaut Edgar Mitchell, known for his correspondence with Podesta regarding extraterrestrials, emails Podesta regarding the “Phoenix Lights” incident in 1997, in which thousands of people reported sightings of hovering lights in the sky. 
Mitchell “was on the phone just as they were happening over Phoenix with an eyewitness describing on March 13, 1997. This incentives about disclosure, while other reports like Roswell disincentives,” according to the mail from April 2015. 
The subject of extraterrestrial disclosure is “now more important than ever” according to another mail sent on Mitchell’s behalf a month later. 
“It is also imperative that after your talk with Edgar, he then speak directly with President Obama via Skype for historical purposes, about the same issue, while the President is still in office,” Podesta is told. 
The subject of the meeting is described as “the difference between our contiguous universe nonviolent ETI and the celestials in our own universe.” 
DETAILS TO FOLLOW.",0
3526,"NeverTrump Radio Host Does 180, Makes BRILLIANT Case for Voting Trump","BREAKING: Obama ATF Accused of Covering Up Political Element in Firebombing of GOP HQ 
“I am not of the mindset that any vote not for Trump is a vote for Hillary, but a vote for Trump is a vote against Hillary. And I need to vote against Hillary. I need to vote against the media.” 
Hunter noted the extreme bias exhibited by the media who refused to fact-check Clinton at the last debate, and what he sees as the difference between what a Trump and a Clinton presidency would look like: 
“A Trump administration at least will include people I trust in positions that matter. I don’t know if they will be able to hold him completely in check, but I know a Clinton administration will include people who have been her co-conspirators in corruption, and there won’t even be a media to hold her accountable.   
Although Hunter didn’t want to tell NeverTrumpers how they should vote, he asked them to think about how important it is to keep Clinton out of office: 
“I’m not saying you should support him, but you shouldn’t lose sight of the importance of opposing her. If, or when, Hillary Clinton takes the oath of office, she needs to have as little support as possible. Frankly, she needs to be damaged. The mainstream media won’t do it; they’re in on it.” 
“A simple protest vote for a third party or a write-in of my favorite comic book character might feel good for a moment. It might even give me a sense of moral superiority that lasts until her first executive order damaging something I hold dear — or her first Supreme Court nominee. But the sting that will follow will far outlive that temporary satisfaction. “ 
“I oppose much of what Donald Trump has said, but I oppose everything Hillary Clinton has done and wants to do. And what someone says, no matter how objectionable, is less important than what someone does, especially when it’s so objectionable. A personal moral victory won’t suffice when the stakes are so high. As such, I am compelled to vote against Hillary by voting for the only candidate with any chance whatsoever of beating her — Donald Trump.”  ",0
3527,Federal Court Dismisses Claim That Disney Violated H1-B Visa Law,"Federal Court Dismisses Claim That Disney Violated H1-B Visa Law [ link to www.thenewyorklawblog.com ] Employment Law, Legal News, Disney A federal judge dismissed lawsuits brought by two former Walt Disney Parks and Resorts workers claiming that it conspired with outsourcing companies to violate visa laws.According to published reports, the lawsuit claimed that two American IT workers were laid off and forced to train foreign replacements with H1-B temporary visas after Disney and two contractors, Cognizant Technology Solutions and HCL America, allegedly colluded to make false statements when they applied for the temporary visas. However, a federal judge rejected this assertion, finding that none of the statements put at issue in the complaint were adequate to sustain the former workers’ cause of action. Page 1",0
3528,Donald Trump Vows Retaliation as Republicans Abandon Him - The New York Times,"The Republican Party was at the brink of civil war on Sunday as Donald J. Trump signaled he would retaliate against lawmakers who withdraw their support from his campaign, and senior party leaders privately acknowledged that they now feared losing control of both houses of Congress. Even before Mr. Trump’s second debate against Hillary Clinton, the party faced an internal rift unseen in modern times. A wave of defections from Mr. Trump’s candidacy, prompted by the revelation of a recording that showed him bragging about sexual assault, was met with boastful defiance by the Republican presidential nominee. On Twitter, Mr. Trump attacked the Republicans fleeing his campaign as “  hypocrites” and predicted their defeat at the ballot box. In a set of talking points sent to his supporters Sunday morning, Mr. Trump’s campaign urged them to attack turncoat Republicans as “more concerned with their political future than they are about the country. ” The pressure from Mr. Trump did not deter new expressions of resistance on Sunday: Gov. Bill Haslam of Tennessee, a former chairman of the Republican Governors Association, announced he would not vote for Mr. Trump. So did multiple members of Congress, including Representative Kay Granger of Texas, the lone woman in the state’s large Republican delegation. But much of the party appeared to be in a state of paralysis, uncertain of how to achieve political distance from Mr. Trump without enraging millions of voters who remained loyal to his campaign. Republican leaders in the House of Representatives offered scant guidance to their members, scheduling a conference call for Monday morning but leaving lawmakers to fend for themselves in the meantime, according to two members of Congress, who spoke on condition of anonymity. The Republican National Committee took on the aspect of a fortress: Numerous Republicans who sought to reach the committee’s top officials said they were unable to get through, though Reince Priebus, the committee’s chairman, flew beside Mr. Trump to the debate in St. Louis, even as Republican elected officials rejected their nominee en masse. Facing a vacuum, several Republicans who have long opposed Mr. Trump have already stepped forward to help shore up the party’s embattled majorities. Mitt Romney, the party’s 2012 presidential nominee and a vocal critic of Mr. Trump, has laid out plans to campaign more publicly for Republican Senate candidates in the coming weeks, according to two people familiar with his plans, which were confirmed by an aide. Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, another Trump foe who has already hit the trail for congressional candidates, plans to campaign soon for Senator John McCain in Arizona and for Joe Heck, the party’s Senate nominee in Nevada, according to John Weaver, Mr. Kasich’s top political adviser. But with no overarching strategy yet in place for abandoning their nominee, Republicans beat a ragged and improvised retreat from Mr. Trump, pulling endorsements here and scolding him there, and preparing to flee more visibly in the event of another disastrous debate on Sunday night. Steven Law, a longtime lieutenant of the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky, said the party had descended into chaos. “The Republican Party is caught in a theater fire people are just running to different exits as fast as they can,” said Mr. Law, who now heads the “super PAC” American Crossroads. One member of the House Republican leadership, conceding its majority was now in jeopardy, compared the situation to the 2006 scandal involving a Florida congressman’s inappropriate conduct with congressional pages. If that scandal was a house fire, this lawmaker said, Mr. Trump had brought on the political equivalent of a nuclear attack. For Democrats, Mr. Trump’s rapid unraveling has opened a new universe of political opportunity. They are now confident that they will take control of the Senate, and the party plans this week to lay the groundwork for what could become a sweeping expansion of the political map. With Mr. Trump sliding in the presidential race, senior Democratic officials had already been nudging Mrs. Clinton to rearrange her campaign schedule and advertising in ways that could help lift Democrats in close congressional races. Now, top Clinton advisers said they would consider doing just that. The campaign was planning to survey an array of   states this week, including Arizona, Georgia, Missouri and Indiana, to determine how competitive Mrs. Clinton is with Mr. Trump, according to a senior Clinton adviser who spoke on condition of anonymity. Sending Mrs. Clinton to those states may be of little assistance to the party’s candidates, but an infusion of money dedicated to voter turnout could ensure that she enters the White House with a solid Senate majority and help Democrats make substantial gains in the House. Democratic strategists involved in House and Senate races said they envisioned Mr. Trump’s collapse precipitating a broad shift in the political landscape, with tossup races moving firmly into their hands, and campaigns that were once long shots suddenly becoming competitive. The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee planned to do rapid polling early this week to measure the impact of Mr. Trump on the House battlefield. Democrats said they had no intention of allowing Republicans to wash out the stain of associating with Mr. Trump: “Voters will see this for the craven act of   that it is, and it won’t save them,” said Meredith Kelly, a spokeswoman for the committee. Barring an unforeseeable, if not miraculous, political recovery for Mr. Trump, the Republican exodus from his camp is expected to pick up pace in the coming days as lawmakers digest his debate performance and receive new polling on how voters are processing his apparent demise. Even then, Republicans may be   to fully desert a nominee who maintains a powerful following in the party base. That abiding loyalty is what alarms party strategists: Even if just 5 percent of the most reliable Republican voters do not vote or cast a ballot only for Mr. Trump, it would ensure that Republicans lose nearly every close congressional race. Former Representative Thomas M. Reynolds of New York, a former chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee, said party polling had found voters tilting toward Democrats in congressional elections, even before the latest revelations about Mr. Trump. His setbacks threatened to push voters further away from Republicans, Mr. Reynolds said. But Mr. Reynolds cautioned that lawmakers might be at risk of fatal backlash from Mr. Trump’s supporters if they oppose him in the final weeks of the race, leaving no easy option. Resentful Trump backers, Mr. Reynolds said, “could end up coming in and voting for Trump and stopping there. ” For Mr. Trump, too, there may be risks to attacking other Republicans. While most of his advisers expressed frustration and outrage at being deserted by the party over the weekend, at least some encouraged Mr. Trump to pull back from   war. One senior adviser to Mr. Trump conceded the acute need to bring Republican voters “back home” in the presidential race and said Mr. Trump’s outbursts at other Republicans could have the opposite effect. Several party strategists said that for the time being, they had advised candidates chiefly to redouble their attacks on Democrats. Robert Blizzard, a Republican pollster, said that only by making Democrats “unacceptable” could Republicans offset the burden of carrying Mr. Trump. “Endorse him or denounce him, it doesn’t change the fact that Democrats will attempt to tie our candidates to Trump at every opportunity,” Mr. Blizzard said. “What our campaigns can control is the ability to make Democratic candidates for U. S. Senate, Congress and other state and local offices unacceptable. ”",0
3529,Donald Trump’s Far-Flung Holdings Raise Potential for Conflicts of Interest - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Just a few blocks down Pennsylvania Avenue from the White House sits the Trump International Hotel, one of the newest luxury additions to   Donald J. Trump’s real estate empire, and perhaps the most visible symbol of the ethical quandary he now confronts. The Trump International operates out of the Old Post Office Building, which the federal government owns. That means Mr. Trump will be appointing  the head of the General Services Administration, which manages the property, while his children will be running a hotel that has tens of millions of dollars in ties with the agency. He also will oversee the National Labor Relations Board while it decides union disputes involving any of his hotels. A week before the election, the board ruled against Mr. Trump’s hotel in a case in Las Vegas. The layers of potential conflicts he faces are in many ways as complex as his   business empire, adding a heightened degree of difficulty for Mr. Trump  —   one of the wealthiest men to ever occupy the White House  —   in separating his official duties from his private business affairs. Further complicating matters are Mr. Trump’s decision to name his children to his transition team, and what is likely to be their informal advisory role in his administration. His daughter Ivanka Trump joined an official transition meeting on Thursday, the day before Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey was removed from his post leading the effort. Mr. Trump has said he will eliminate ethical concerns by turning the management of his company over to his children, an arrangement he has referred to as a blind trust. But ethics lawyers  —   both Republicans and Democrats  —   say it is far from blind because he would have knowledge of the assets in the trust and be in contact with the people running it, making it unlike a conventional blind trust controlled entirely by an independent party. “To say that his children running his businesses is the equivalent of a blind trust  —   there is simply no credibility in that claim,” said Matthew T. Sanderson, a Washington lawyer and Republican who has worked on the presidential campaigns of John McCain, Rand Paul and Rick Perry. “Yes, the American public elected him knowing he has these assets, but unless he deals with this properly there will just be a steady trickle of these    stories, and it could be a drag on his presidency. ” Mr. Trump, as part of his bid for the White House, released information about his financial holdings, which include more than a dozen hotels and golf courses commercial real estate space, including Trump Tower and 40 Wall Street in New York and marketing deals in the United States and abroad. But it is unclear how much information was not disclosed, in part because he declined to release even a summary of his tax returns  —   becoming the first presidential candidate not to do so in 40 years. Rudolph W. Giuliani, a close adviser to Mr. Trump, said on CNN’s “State of the Union” on Sunday that excluding Mr. Trump’s family from a role in his businesses “would basically put his children out of work. ” The public, Mr. Giuliani said, needs to trust Mr. Trump. “You have to have some confidence in the integrity of the president,” Mr. Giuliani said. “The man is an enormously wealthy man. I don’t think there’s any real fear or suspicion that he’s seeking to enrich himself by being president. If he wanted to enrich himself, he wouldn’t have run for president. ” Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for the transition, declined to respond to questions about possible conflicts of interest Mr. Trump might face as president. “The Trump Organization will respond accordingly,” she said. A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump’s company said in a statement that the Trump Organization was already working to address possible conflicts. “We are in the process of vetting various structures with the goal of the immediate transfer of management of the Trump Organization and its portfolio of businesses to Donald Jr. Ivanka and Eric Trump along with a team of highly skilled executives,” the statement said. “This is a top priority at the organization, and the structure that is ultimately selected will comply with all applicable rules and regulations. ” Previous presidents have encountered questions about their financial holdings. Lyndon B. Johnson, through his wife, continued to have ownership of television stations while he was president. George Washington enlisted the Treasury Department to help find a runaway slave. But presidents have often taken steps to prevent ethical questions. George Bush put his stock holdings into a blind trust after he was elected vice president, and Jimmy Carter turned his peanut farm over to a blind trust after he was elected. As president, Mr. Trump will be exempt from a federal ethics rule that prohibits government employees and members of Congress from taking actions that could benefit their financial interests. But the president still must comply with a law that requires annual financial disclosures of his assets. The first will not be due until May 2018, although President Obama filed one voluntarily during his first year in office. Experts said that even if Mr. Trump was exempt from some federal ethics rules, the public will expect him to not use his office to benefit his personal finances. “He has campaigned on a platform of getting rid of corruption and that Washington is broken and we need new, refreshing change,” said Karen Hobert Flynn, president of Common Cause, a nonprofit that pushes for accountability in government. “As president, the American public expects that Mr. Trump will be held to a higher standard. ” In a statement on Monday, the General Services Administration said that the agency realized it must examine its Old Post Office lease with Mr. Trump’s   business “to allow a path to be put in place to identify and address any potential conflict of interest. ” Also on Monday, Representative Elijah E. Cummings, Democrat of Maryland and the ranking member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, called for an inquiry into how Mr. Trump will handle these potential conflicts. “The American people have the right to know  —   they ought to know  —   exactly whether decisions are possibly being made that would benefit him, his family and his associates directly,” Mr. Cummings said in an interview. The labor dispute in Nevada represents another potential complication. The president appoints all five members of the National Labor Relations Board. But over the past year, the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas has been in a battle with the culinary workers union, at first challenging an effort by hotel employees to unionize. The labor board ruled  against him in July. Then the hotel, which Mr. Trump   refused to begin negotiations with the new union, and the labor board again ruled against it, in November. Other labor disputes with employees are pending. “Will he as president of the United States of America use the power he has to interfere  —   given that he has a financial interest in the outcome of these matters?” said Bethany Khan, a spokeswoman for the   Culinary Workers Union Local 226 of Nevada. Perhaps most troubling for Mr. Trump, several ethics lawyers said, is a relatively obscure provision of the Constitution, called the Emoluments Clause, which prohibits any government official from taking payments or gifts from a foreign government, or even from sharing in profits in a company that has financial ties to a foreign government. Mr. Trump has had business deals with foreign governments or individuals with apparent ties to foreign governments, including   real estate arrangements in Azerbaijan and Uruguay. His children have frequently traveled abroad to promote the Trump brand, making trips to Canada, the United Arab Emirates and Scotland. Closer to home, the Bank of China is a tenant in Trump Tower and is a lender for another building in Midtown Manhattan where Mr. Trump has a significant partnership interest. “Doing business with a foreign corporation, be it in Azerbaijan, Turkey or Russia, if is it owned in part or controlled by a foreign government  —   any benefit that would accrue to Mr. Trump could well be a violation of the Emoluments Clause of the United States Constitution,” said Kenneth A. Gross, a political ethics and compliance lawyer in Washington. There are also more general issues that could prove troubling. For instance, Mr. Trump will nominate the Treasury secretary, yet he owes hundreds of millions of dollars to banks, and he benefits from low interest rates set by the Federal Reserve, an institution he has criticized as political. The head of the Internal Revenue Service is also appointed by the president, and the agency is currently auditing Mr. Trump’s taxes and sets tax policy that directly affects his businesses. But it is Mr. Trump’s real estate and financial holdings that represent the most sensitive ethical areas, the ethics lawyer said. Mr. Trump’s children are already deeply involved in the daily operations of the Trump Organization. Ivanka is executive vice president for development and acquisitions, and is in charge of domestic and global expansion of the company’s real estate interests. Ms. Trump also has her own clothing, jewelry and footwear lines. Even this week, Ms. Trump turned her appearance on Sunday on “60 Minutes”  —   with her father  —   into a marketing opportunity for her line of jewelry, with one of her employees urging reporters to write about the $10, 800 gold bangle bracelet she wore during the interview. Donald Jr. is also an executive vice president in the Trump Organization, and the company’s website says he directs new project acquisition and development in regions “from Eastern Europe to Southeast Asia, the Middle East to South America, mainland China to the United States. ” Eric is in charge of the Trump Organization’s golf course collection. “We’ll be in New York and we’ll take care of the business,” Eric Trump said in an interview with “60 Minutes” that was broadcast on Sunday. “I think we’re going to have a lot of fun doing it. And we’re going to make him very proud. ”",0
3530,Arkansas Rushes to Execute 8 Men in the Space of 10 Days - The New York Times,"The state of Arkansas plans to put to death eight inmates over a span of 10 days next month, a pace of executions unequaled in recent American history and brought about by a looming expiration date for a drug used by the state for lethal injections. The eight men facing execution  —   four black and four white  —   are among 34 death row inmates in Arkansas, where capital punishment has been suspended since 2005 over legal challenges and difficulty in acquiring the drugs for lethal injections. All eight men were convicted of murders that occurred between 1989 and 1999, and proponents of the death penalty and victims’ rights in the state have been frustrated that the cases have dragged on so long. At a news conference this week, Gov. Asa Hutchinson, a Republican and former federal prosecutor, seemed to regret that the executions were so closely stacked. “I would love to have those extended over a period of multiple months and years, but that’s not the circumstances that I find myself in,” said Mr. Hutchinson, who took office in 2015. “And, again, the families of the victims that have endured this for so many years deserve a conclusion to it. ” In a statement on Friday, Mr. Hutchinson said that it was necessary to schedule the executions close together because of doubts about the future availability of one of three drugs the state uses in its   procedure. State officials have previously said that the expiration date would pass in April for Arkansas’s supply of midazolam, a drug that has been used in several botched and gruesome lethal injections in other states in recent years. Amid the controversy generated by such cases, a number of pharmaceutical companies have restricted their drugs from use for capital punishment. Some states have had difficultly finding midazolam. Arizona announced last year it would stop using it in part because of the logistical challenges. “It is uncertain as to whether another drug can be obtained,” Mr. Hutchinson said in the statement, “and the families of the victims do not need to live with continued uncertainty after decades of review. ” This week, the governor signed proclamations setting four execution dates for the eight inmates between April 17 and 27. Two men would be put to death on each of the four dates. If Arkansas follows that timetable, it will be at a rate unmatched by any state since the United States resumed the death penalty in 1977, according to the Death Penalty Information Center, a nonprofit research group that opposes capital punishment. In 1997, Texas came close, putting eight inmates to death in May and again in June, but not over such a short number of days, the group said. Critics of midazolam’s use in executions say it is a sedative, not an anesthetic, and is thus misapplied as a first round of lethal injection shots, with inmates sometimes able to feel pain from the subsequent lethal drugs that are administered. In one   case in Oklahoma, a convict named Clayton D. Lockett, who was administered midazolam, died 43 minutes after the injections were started and appeared to struggle and moan. The Arkansas Department of Correction has not refilled its stock of potassium chloride, the third and fatal drug administered in an execution, but a spokesman for Mr. Hutchinson said the governor had confidence the department would acquire it in time for the April executions. Brian Stull, a senior staff attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union, argued that something was more likely to go wrong with so many executions scheduled so close together. “Each of these prisoners is a person with rights that have to be honored, and each execution is a process that needs to be planned and handled with care and close attention to detail,” he said. “And that’s just impossible for Arkansas on this schedule. Because they’re trying to do too much, too quickly, with too little preparation. It’s likely to lead to botched executions. ” The lawyers for the condemned men say some legal avenues of appeal are still available. Their lengthy appeal process has included a petition asking the United States Supreme Court to review the matter. The court denied the petition on Feb. 21. But the men’s lawyers said that even a   scenario would most likely only entail an alternative form of execution to the current   injection method, which the lawyers argue is unconstitutionally cruel. “The state’s supply of midazolam runs out on April 30,” said John Williams, an assistant federal public defender based in Little Rock. “And so the schedule is quite obviously dictated by that, and we think it is inhumane that the state would schedule executions so as to get rid of a drug supply that the evidence shows is cruel and unusual. ” The executions come at an unsettled and complicated moment for capital punishment in the United States. Nationwide, the number of executions has been in steep decline, and though many Americans support the death penalty, some polling shows that support for capital punishment has been steadily waning since the  . And while the Supreme Court has been less than clear on its collective stance toward capital punishment, President Trump is an ardent and longtime proponent. The president’s opinions may have little direct effect on state cases, but his blunt,    speech is sure to influence the tone of the national conversation. In Arkansas, Mr. Hutchinson has earned a reputation as a relative moderate, serving in some cases as a break on the   ambitions of the   legislature. But he has also been determined to reactivate the death penalty. The year he took office, he scheduled the execution of eight inmates, including several of the same men set to die next month, saying that they had exhausted all appeals. But a state court halted the executions because of a lawsuit against the state over its provisions at the time that kept secret the sources of its lethal injection drugs. The state was then ordered to disclose information about its supply chain. Mr. Hutchinson’s latest effort to restart executions came after the state’s attorney general, Leslie Rutledge, told him that the eight men had no additional legal challenges to their executions. The eight men scheduled for execution are Kenneth Williams, Bruce Ward, Stacey Johnson, Don Williamson Davis, Ledell Lee, Jack Harold Jones, Jason McGehee and Marcel Williams. Some of the crimes were particularly heinous. Mr. Ward went into a Jackpot convenience store in Little Rock on a night in August 1989 and asked the clerk, Rebecca Lynn Doss, an    who read the Bible during the overnight shift by herself, for help unlocking the men’s restroom. Inside the bathroom, he sexually assaulted and strangled her. A police officer spotted him leaving the restroom and about to get on his motorcycle to leave. Mr. Lee killed Debra Reese, 26, in her home in February 1993 in Jacksonville, Ark. outside Little Rock, after beating her 36 times with a tire tool that her husband had given her for protection while he was out of town. Kenneth Williams killed a cheerleader at the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff in December 1998 but escaped from a   prison after a jury sentenced him to life the next year. A few miles from the prison, he fatally shot Cecil Boren, a farmer who was working in the yard while his wife was at church, and stole his truck. Mr. Williams led the police into Missouri in a   chase before he crashed into a car, killing the driver. In 2005, he confessed to killing a    man the same day he shot the cheerleader. At the news conference, Mr. Hutchinson said he had discussed concerns about stacking the executions, and its potential ill effects on prison employees, with Wendy Kelley, the state corrections director. “The answer is it’s not any easier to string it over four or five months than to do it in a measured and separated fashion, but in the sequence we have outlined,” he said.",0
3531,"Studies Examine Racial Bias in Pollution, Devaluation of Black Communities","Studies Examine Racial Bias in Pollution, Devaluation of Black Communities Brian Flood, UIC, November 3, 2016 
Present-day racial biases may contribute to the pollution and devaluation of lower- and middle-class black communities, according to new research led by a social psychologist at the University of Illinois at Chicago. 
The investigation was based on several studies demonstrating that physical spaces, such as houses or neighborhoods, are targets of racial stereotyping, discrimination, and implicit racial bias. 
The researchers found study participants applied negative stereotypes, such as “impoverished,” “crime-ridden,” or “dirty,” in their perceptions of physical spaces associated with black Americans. 
“These space-focused stereotypes can make people feel less connected to a space, assume it has low-quality characteristics, monetarily devalue it, and dampen its protection from environmental harms,” said Courtney Bonam, UIC assistant professor of psychology and the study’s lead author. 
“Some of the findings show that space-focused stereotypes figuratively pollute the way observers imagine a target area and their judgment about an existing structure in it, while other work demonstrates how this presumed figurative pollution leads observers to consider literally polluting black space.” 
{snip} 
One study asked a national sample of over 400 white U.S. citizens to read a proposal to build a potentially hazardous chemical plant near a residential neighborhood. Half of the participants were told the nearby neighborhood is mostly black, while the other half was told that the area is mostly white. 
Even though all participants read the same proposal, they were less likely to report opposition to building the chemical plant when the nearby neighborhood was mostly black. 
“They assumed it was an industrial area when it was black, which led them to devalue and subsequently pollute the land there,” Bonam said. “Additionally, these findings held when participants were told that the neighborhood had middle-class property values; and when accounting both for participants’ perceptions of the neighborhood’s class level, and their negative attitudes toward black people in general.” 
In another study, a national sample of more than 200 white U.S. citizens were given pictures of the same middle-class, suburban house. Half of the people were told the house was in a predominately black neighborhood, while the other segment was informed that it was in a mostly white neighborhood. 
Those who thought the house was in a black neighborhood estimated its value at $20,000 less than the other group, and were less likely to say they would live in or buy the house. 
{snip}",0
3532,Senate Republicans Weigh Options to Lower Health Insurance Premiums - Breitbart,"Senate Republicans are weighing options to either push for state waivers to Obamacare regulations or   Americans for health insurance to bring down premiums. [Senator Ron Johnson ( ) told reporters, “There’s no reason that premiums on the individual market should double and triple in a state like mine. There was no reason for that other than Obamacare. We need to diagnose that, then figure out what policies we can agree on to bring those premiums down. ”  Republican Senators aim to lower premiums, although the Senate health working group remains divided on how to reduce health costs. Some floated the idea of giving states waivers to Obamacare’s essential health benefits, in a similar fashion to the House’s American Health Care Act (AHCA) while others want to   Americans without health insurance into catastrophic health insurance plans. Johnson told reporters that regulations “absolutely” need to be addressed. When asked whether he would protect   conditions, he said, “I’m guaranteeing nothing other than my effort to try and bring those premiums down. ” Senate Health Committee Chairman Lamar Alexander supports giving states more authority to regulate insurance. He said, “We would like to move more decisions out of Washington, back to the states, about regulating insurance. ” Senator Bob Corker ( ) echoed Sen. Alexander’s statement, saying, “I have to believe that when you mandate ten essential health benefits in a rigid way that it affects the cost of premiums. ” Corker added that any reform must also include protections for   conditions. Sen. Bill Cassidy ( ) leads another camp that wants to   Americans without health insurance into a basic, catastrophic health care plan, paid for by an individual’s federal tax credit. Cassidy’s camp argues that this would force more healthy people into the Obamacare exchanges to balance out the costs of sick and older Americans. The Louisiana senator explained, “Your best way to lower premiums is to expand the risk pool   …       would allow expansion of the risk pools. ” A senior GOP aide said that   is “absolutely” the solution to lowering premiums. The aide said that Senator John Cornyn ( ) spoke about   at the Senate health working group and it was “well received. ” Another senior GOP aide alleged that   is “is one of many ideas being examined for their utility and impact   …     There’s no leading options yet lots for members to explore and implications to assess before any decisions will be made. ”   Americans in catastrophic health insurance has been floated by conservatives before. Sen. Bill Cassidy and Rep. Pete Sessions ( ) sponsored a bill that would enable   in health care. The American Enterprise Institute released a white paper that advocates   for health care plans to ensure universal health insurance for all Americans. Senate staffers think that   Americans would serve as a better incentive than an individual mandate, or the 30 percent insurance premium for those who forgo health insurance in the American Health Care Act. One senior GOP aide said that “IHeat’s not viewed as a harmful mandate, because there’s no consequence. ”",0
3533,"Pakistan Home of London Terrorist Who Came to UK as Child Refugee Raided, Had Access to Tunnels Under Parliament","As London Bridge terrorist Khuram Shazad Butt’s home in Pakistan is raided, authorities reveal the Islamist had access to tunnels under Parliament. [Sky News reports that Butt, who they say came to Britain with his parents from Pakistan as asylum seekers, worked for Transport for London.  Further reports indicate Butt’s work gave him access to tunnels under the Houses of Parliament from the Westminster Underground Station  —   despite the fact he had been investigated for terror links by MI5 and even been featured on a Channel 4 documentary about   Islamists titled ‘The Jihadis Next Door‘. Pakistani security officials told The Telegraph newspaper that raids on homes and businesses connected to the Butt family were being carried out as a precaution, but that the terrorist was likely radicalised in Britain and trained in Syria. “Our British counterparts told us they don’t think he was radicalised here, and we think it is probably more likely that he was trained in Syria,” one said. “But we are searching the homes of any relatives connected to him and we are tracing all telephone calls made by family members. ” The news comes as Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley declared Britain was now facing a “completely different” level of threat and indicated that current policing and security methods are not equal to the task of containing it. “In nine weeks, we’ve had five plots foiled and three successful attacks. That is completely different to anything we have seen for a long time,” he said. “As the Prime Minister has indicated, we’re going to need to do some things differently. We’re going to have to think again about the next iteration of our police and security service model, which has constantly had to innovate over many decades. ” Regarding Butt, the Assistant Commissioner defended the decision to drop an inquiry into his activities by saying there was “no intelligence to suggest that this attack was being planned”. He added that he expected the authorities “will probably discover information on covert communications that were [not in] our knowledge that if we had access to those communications it may have changed our judgment” suggesting he wants new powers to monitor encrypted messaging services such as WhatsApp.",0
3534,Official! Comey Didn't Close The FBI Investigations On Hillary Clinton Case! - USA SUPREME,"Subscribe 
Comey didn’t close the whole investigation on Hillary Clinton case he only cleared Clinton’s use of private server what he wrote as you can see in the letter below is: “with respect to former Secretary of State, Clinton’s use of a personal email server”… Does not apply to Clinton Foundation investigation, which is ongoing.The mainstream media is trying to protect Hillary before election day and is ignoring this crucial information FBI has three ongoing investigations! 
However, we would be remiss if we didn’t remind everyone about the original Comey letter to congress. 
Everything is clear here there are three ongoing FBI investigation on Hillary Clinton case: The Clinton Foundation Probe: We’ve learned an FBI probe of the Clinton Foundation for possible financial crimes and influence peddling has been in progress for over a year. The Podesta Brothers: Most of those WikiLeaks bombshells the Clinton media is ignoring with such furious intensity are to, from, or copied to John Podesta, the CEO of Hillary Clinton’s campaign, and probably the most powerful figure in Clintonworld not named “Clinton.” Terry McAuliffe’s Campaign Donations: The Clintons’ old friend Terry McAuliffe, currently the governor of Virginia, has been under FBI investigation for over a year by the Public Integrity unit over campaign fundraising and donations. Part of that investigation involves his time with the Clinton Global Initiative. Comey didn’t say he was closing any case, just that he is not recommending any charges. We know that they will reopen it again if more evidence comes about. She has not been exonerated by a court. Just because crony FBI official is not recommending charges does not mean she is innocent.” Share this article everywhere and help us expose the truth about Hillary Clinton Facebook Comments ",0
3535,PHOTO: President-Elect Trump Grabs Pussy at the White House,"It seems that President-elect Donald Trump is back to business as usual, doing what he does best.
No wonder things are off to such a tumultuous start. I’m sure there’ll be much more where this came from.
H/t Thanks to our commenter FTW for the great meme:
President-Elect Trump Publicly Grabs Pussy at the White House 

On a more serious note, it certainly seems that they’ve become fast friends.
Despite a lot of campaign rhetoric on both sides of this coin, it seems that President Obama and President-elect Trump are willing and ready to work together in the great transition. It’s par for the course, as Obama, in turn got pretty cozy with the Bushes on his way in the door as well.
Will “draining the swamp” be possible if Trump plays nice with the outgoing establishment and his campaign rivals?
That remains to be seen, but Paul Craig Roberts issued a stark warning to pay careful attention to the advisors and appointments that Trump chooses in the next few months, because these little known individuals will determine who really runs his administration, and much of what kind of presidency it will be.
Let’s hope Trump exercises great wisdom, because there will be a lot of pressure on him to accept plenty of deeply-entrenched political operatives working inside the deep state (and irrespective of political parties).
Read more: 
“Violent Revolution If Trump Lets Them Down”: People Remain Poised for Angry Revolt – Roberts 
Can Trump Deliver What Obama Didn’t? “People Wanted Major Change In 2008… They Still Want It” 
Bizarre Obama Meltdown As Speech Dissolves Into Stuttering: “President’s Programming Breaking Down” 
Flashback: The White House Just DISQUALIFIED Donald Trump From Being President (Seriously) 
Trump Accuses Fed of Not Raising Rates Because Obama “Doesn’t Want a Bubble Burst” Until He Leaves 
EPIC RANT: Fed Up American Explains Why Trump Will Win: “Somebody With Balls” 
Urged by Obama, Illegal Immigrants Line Up to Vote Against Trump: “Donald Trump Never!” 
",0
3536,Eli Lilly’s Experimental Alzheimer’s Drug Fails in Large Trial - The New York Times,"An experimental Alzheimer’s drug that had previously appeared to show promise in slowing the deterioration of thinking and memory has failed in a large Eli Lilly clinical trial, dealing a significant disappointment to patients hoping for a treatment that would alleviate their symptoms. The failure of the drug, solanezumab, underscores the difficulty of treating people who show even mild dementia, and supports the idea that by that time, the damage in their brains may already be too extensive. And because the drug attacked the amyloid plaques that are the hallmark of Alzheimer’s, the trial results renew questions about a leading theory of the disease, which contends that it is largely caused by amyloid buildup. No drug so far has been able to demonstrate that removing or preventing the accumulation of amyloid translates into a result that matters for patients: stalling or blocking some of the symptoms of dementia. “It’s not going to be   therapy for mild patients, so that’s heartbreaking,” said Dave Ricks, the incoming president and chief executive of Eli Lilly. There are clinical trials underway with several similar drugs made by other companies, and two large trials with solanezumab are in the works. Experts said on Wednesday that they still held out hope for those studies, noting that many involve people who are at high risk for Alzheimer’s but do not display symptoms. Some Alzheimer’s experts not involved in trials testing   drugs said they were not surprised by Lilly’s results, saying they reflect an emerging scientific understanding of Alzheimer’s as a disease with a multipronged cascade of causes, including amyloid buildup. “We’re much more really appreciative of how complex this disease is,” said Dr. Lon Schneider, director of the California Alzheimer’s Disease Center at the University of Southern California. “There’s so much going on, and as the brain is failing or dying, it is dying on all levels. ” It has also become clear that Alzheimer’s pathology begins damaging the brain years before symptoms emerge, leading many experts to think a drug given to people with even mild dementia may have little chance of success. “Once you see amyloid on a scan, it’s probably been there for decades,” said Dr. Samuel Gandy, an Alzheimer’s researcher at Mount Sinai Hospital. “I’m worried and have been worried that that’s just too late,” he said. “I think it has a better chance of working much earlier. ” But, he said, testing a drug before people have begun showing symptoms is challenging and costly. Such trials need to involve even larger numbers of patients to produce a useful result, and because the patients are healthy, without symptoms, the drugs cannot have side effects that might make them feel sick. Solanezumab had previously failed in two large clinical trials involving patients with mild or moderate Alzheimer’s disease. But when Lilly reported the results of those trials in 2012, the company said the drug did have an effect in a subset of patients with mild symptoms. So it started another trial with 2, 100 patients with mild dementia caused by Alzheimer’s. In  a news release on Wednesday, the company said that although some of the effects looked promising, “patients treated with solanezumab did not experience a statistically significant slowing in cognitive decline compared to patients treated with placebo. ” The company said it would evaluate future plans for solanezumab, but no longer planned to seek regulatory approval for use of the drug in treating symptomatic patients. Eli Lilly stock initially dropped after the news. “This is very disappointing,” said Dr. Reisa Sperling, a neurologist who is recruiting patients for a trial testing whether solanezumab can help people with amyloid buildup who are about 10 years away from having symptoms. “But I have to be honest that I’ve always thought we needed to treat much earlier, because by the time people have mild dementia, they already have a lot of irreversible damage,” she said. The trial she is leading, called   Treatment in Asymptomatic Alzheimer’s (A4) which has funding from Lilly and the federal government, had hoped to reach its goal of about 1, 150 patients by the middle of next year, said Dr. Sperling, who directs the Center for Alzheimer Research and Treatment at Brigham and Women’s Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital. “I have several patients within my practice who were hoping to take this drug,” she said. But she said it was at least encouraging that patients taking solanezumab in Lilly’s trial did show improvement, just not enough to be statistically significant, and she plans to evaluate the data to see if changes should be made to the design of the A4 trial. “What does that mean for an earlier population?” Dr. Sperling said. “Do we need more people? Do we need a longer time? I just want to get a clear result. ” The other major solanezumab trial, the Dominantly Inherited Alzheimer Network Trials Unit, is also testing a Roche drug, gantenerumab, and is funded by industry, the federal government and the Alzheimer’s Association. It involves people who have not yet shown symptoms, but have a very high risk of an   version of the disease because they have a genetic mutation that causes a small subset of cases. Other trials are using   drugs that work in different ways, experts said. Solanezumab is a monoclonal antibody that removes amyloid by attaching itself to   amyloid protein before the protein forms into plaques, while several other antibody drugs also attack amyloid fibrils that are part of the plaques. Another class of   drugs are called BACE inhibitors, which block an enzyme that makes a protein needed for amyloid production. “You can’t really say that the solanezumab results predict that a drug with a different mechanism will fail,” Dr. Schneider said. Dr. Eric Reiman, executive director of the Banner Alzheimer’s Institute, is leading a prevention trial involving members of a large extended family in Colombia who do not have symptoms but have a genetic mutation that causes early Alzheimer’s. They are taking Genentech’s crenezumab. Dr. Reiman said Wednesday’s results raised questions about whether Lilly’s dose was high enough, whether the researchers were “attacking the right form of amyloid,” and whether they were they treating patients too late in the disease process. The results may also support theories that the ultimate answer will be combinations of drugs addressing different aspects of Alzheimer’s. He and other experts continue to believe that “the accumulation of amyloid serves as the kindling for other events” that ignite the fire of Alzheimer’s disease, he said, and “it would be a grave mistake to throw out the baby with the bathwater and not give the amyloid hypothesis its best real test. ” Still, “a win for Lilly would have been a win for the entire field,” Dr. Reiman said, and “would have opened up new opportunities for patients. ”",0
3537,Thanksgiving Wishes and JJ’s Stuffing Recipe,"ReadyNutrition Guys and Gals, Thanksgiving is upon us. Does that sound kind of bad? Perhaps the phrase is indelibly etched in my mind as I think about a 20-pound turkey “lurking” in the refrigerator for the next two weeks, and turkey-everything to eat…turkey sandwiches, turkey for every meat dish, turkey omelets. Needless to say at JJ’s place, the cats will eat really well when that happens. This year will be different: The turkey here will be about a 10 pounder and that will go quickly.
I like to either deep-fry or smoke the turkey, and the Brinkmann smoker is one of my best friends in this endeavor. Yes, all of the accouterments will be there: the mashed potatoes will be grilled in the smoker and then mashed, the vegetables all thrown in there with extra braising to keep them from drying out. Everything except sweet potatoes, which I hate. The stuffing I make myself, with this as my recipe:
JJ’s Stuffing Recipe 2 loaves of wheat bread, dried out on racks for three days and cubed 1 head of celery 1 large onion 1/2 pound of butter (you can use more) Salt and pepper to one’s wishes Sage, in copious (blinding) amounts – 1 cup or more Turkey “base” or grease…yes, JJ uses the grease as opposed to something healthier Water (about 2 cups) After cutting the dried bread into cubes and setting this aside, sauté your head of celery, chopped to pieces about 1/4 inch or less, in one of the sticks of butter in a large pot, adding the chopped onions just before the celery softens. Then melt another stick of butter, and then add your seasonings listed (never enough Sage), and the bread cubes. Mix them all together well with half of the turkey grease, and then pour it all out into a large aluminum deep-dish pan. Pour in your two cups of water and the rest of the turkey grease, and mix well once again. Cover the pan with foil and vent the ends. Either throw it in the Brinkmann for three hours or in your oven for an hour to an hour and a half at 350 degrees. Comes out really good!
So we’re all going to eat about the same thing at the same time! But I wish to bring to your attention what it’s really about. Thanksgiving this year? We can make it about just making it through a very rough year indeed, with the fact that we actually have a chance as a nation. When you spend the meal together, look at all of the members of your family…fellow Americans…and are thankful for being together this year with one another. Each new year is a new chance with them and another good memory of time together.
Eat well and enjoy the day. It’s actually my favorite holiday. All of our readers and commenters out there, you enjoy that day and keep it with you even after the holiday is over. May God bless you and your families in all that you do, and restore and strengthen all of you together. Happy Thanksgiving, don’t burn the stuffing (you have to keep checking on it), and thank you for all of your letters and for reading ReadyNutrition’s pages. On Black Friday, I don’t venture out of the house, because there’s still plenty to eat and it’s safe. On Thanksgiving, I’ll also be raising my egg-nog in a toast to all of you, and thanking you for all of your great support, input, and readership. Happy Thanksgiving and all of the best! God bless!
JJ 
Jeremiah Johnson is the Nom de plume of a retired Green Beret of the United States Army Special Forces (Airborne). Mr. Johnson was a Special Forces Medic, EMT and ACLS-certified, with comprehensive training in wilderness survival, rescue, and patient-extraction. He is a Certified Master Herbalist and a graduate of the Global College of Natural Medicine of Santa Ana, CA. A graduate of the U.S. Army’s survival course of SERE school (Survival Evasion Resistance Escape), Mr. Johnson also successfully completed the Montana Master Food Preserver Course for home-canning, smoking, and dehydrating foods.
Mr. Johnson dries and tinctures a wide variety of medicinal herbs taken by wild crafting and cultivation, in addition to preserving and canning his own food. An expert in land navigation, survival, mountaineering, and parachuting as trained by the United States Army, Mr. Johnson is an ardent advocate for preparedness, self-sufficiency, and long-term disaster sustainability for families. He and his wife survived Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath. Cross-trained as a Special Forces Engineer, he is an expert in supply, logistics, transport, and long-term storage of perishable materials, having incorporated many of these techniques plus some unique innovations in his own homestead.
Mr. Johnson brings practical, tested experience firmly rooted in formal education to his writings and to our team. He and his wife live in a cabin in the mountains of Western Montana with their three cats.
This information has been made available by Ready Nutrition 
Originally published November 23rd, 2016 Oh What Do You Do With The Leftovers? Is Thanksgiving food killing you? The Thanksgiving Club Sandwich Pad Your Pantry: How to Preserve Your Thanksgiving Leftovers 10 Dehydrator Meals for Your Prepper Pantry ",0
3538,Raven-Symoné Latest Host to Leave 'The View'—And Disney Couldn’t Be Happier to Welcome Her Home,"Share on Twitter 
After less than two seasons on “The View,” co-host Raven-Symoné has officially announced she is leaving the daytime talk show: A photo posted by Raven-Symoné (@ravensymone) on Oct 19, 2016 at 12:30pm PDT 
This may not come as a major surprise to viewers, since rumors of her departure have been swirling since last year—not to mention the fact that she only appeared on the show around once a week this past season. 
However, what the star has planned next might be more of a shock. 
According to reports, Symoné is leaving the show so that she can focus all her efforts on her next project: a spinoff of her childhood show, “That's So Raven.” 
For those unfamiliar with the show, it was about a high school girl who was able to see into the future: A video posted by Raven-Symoné (@ravensymone) on Sep 30, 2016 at 1:22pm PDT 
During an interview, the actress said of her departure: 
“I'm excited and sad, but mostly excited. I have an announcement to make: No, I'm not pregnant.” 
Symoné then broke the news about her Disney Channel follow-up series: 
""There's no title yet, but I'm calling it That's So Raven 2. It's Raven Baxter. It's still me. 
But I am a mother this time. I'm going to be a single mother raising two kids, and one of them learns that she has visions."" A photo posted by Raven-Symoné (@ravensymone) on May 27, 2016 at 12:35pm PDT 
The host stated that her last day on “The View” will be this December. But an official date has yet to be determined. 
As for her departure from “The View,” she said: 
“I've had such a great time...I've learned so much, and I've been saying, my experience has been multidimensional.” A photo posted by Raven-Symoné (@ravensymone) on Jul 6, 2016 at 1:01pm PDT 
The 30-year-old will reportedly be moving from NYC to L.A. so that she can start filming the show. 
For those who have never seen the show, here is the opening of the original, which first aired in 2003: 
That's so Raven. ",0
3539,Will Obama recognize Palestinian state?,"November 2, 2016 Will Obama recognize Palestinian state? 
US President Barack Obama will be stepping down from eight years in office in January, but not before at least one more last ditch effort to save a foreign policy legacy marred by failure. 

According to Foundation for the Defense of Democracies Vice President Jonathan Schanzer, the White House try one more last ditch effort to solve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, making moves ranging from sanctioning US citizens who do business with Israeli settlements all the way to possibly recognizing a Palestinian state. 

Speaking to the Wall Street Journal, Schanzer said that the Obama administration’s first course of action might be to adopt a UN Security Council Resolution condemning the settlements. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright © 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don’t receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That’s an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here ► Dear Readers,",0
3540,PressTV-UK royals in Bahrain amid crackdown,"UK royals in Bahrain amid crackdown Wed Nov 9, 2016 9:9AM Persian Gulf Britain's Prince Charles speaks to Bahrain's Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa upon arriving in the Bahraini capital Manama on November 8, 2016. (Photo by AP) 
Britain’s Prince Charles and his wife Camilla have arrived in Bahrain on a three-nation tour of the Persian Gulf states amid strong criticism of London’s continued arms sales to the repressive regime in Manama. 
The plane carrying the British royals touched down at Sakhir Air Base in central Bahrain on Tuesday on the last leg of the tour, which had already taken them to Oman and the United Arab Emirates. 
They were received by Bahrain’s Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifah and then taken to a nearby palace to meet with the country’s King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifah. 
Since 2011, the United Kingdom has sold 55 million dollars worth of arms to Bahrain. The year saw the eruption of peaceful anti-regime protests on the island. 
London has been under fire by international rights organizations for selling military equipment to Manama, which is involved in a harsh and deadly crackdown on opposition activists. 
It was reported late last month that the UK will open a massive permanent military base in Bahrain and deploy warships to the Persian Gulf. A Bahraini protester shouts slogans during clashes with regime forces in the village of Sitra, south of Manama, on February 12, 2015. (Photo by AFP) 
The military base, which is the first such facility being opened by Britain in 40 years in the Persian Gulf region, will be launched next month, Britain’s Express newspaper reported. 
Britain will station around 600 military forces at the Royal Navy Facility and will deploy its warships to patrol the surrounding waters and guard oil and gas shipments in the waters. 
When Britain kicked off the project in 2014, Defense Secretary Michael Fallon described it as “a permanent expansion of the Royal Navy’s footprint” in the Persian Gulf. The project has bypassed the parliament. 
According to data released by the UK Trade and Investment in September, the UK government has become the world’s second biggest arms dealer, with bulk of its weapons fueling deadly conflicts in the Middle East. Loading ... ",0
3541,Tiffany And Barron Mad At President-Elect Trump,"Sunday, 13 November 2016 WILL USE TWO MODELS FOR TRANSITION TEAM 
Donald Trump's primary daughter, Ivanka, has been tapped for role on the president-elect's White House transition team, joining Trump's main son, Donald, Jr., and his third-favorite son, Eric. Trump's other daughter, Tiffany, the only child from his second marriage to Marla Maples, was noticeably absent.Barron Trump, age 10, was also excluded from the team. 
This reporter has learned from sources inside Trump's inner circle that both Tiffany and Barron are furious. Tiffany e-mailed her dad to the effect that she knew much more about the constitution and how the U.S. government operates than he. She reportedly accused him ""of having the attention span of a gnat and thus not able to understand how to govern."" 
Barron told his dad that he could tell funny stories and make people on the transition team ""laugh and get away from all the serious stuff, loosen up and do their work better."" He is said to be angry at Donald because he ""Just keep looking at Ivanka's legs. I don't get maybe I should wear short pants and he'd pay attention to me,"" he reportedly said to his Mother Melania. Make Keith Shirey's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
3542,Re: Clinton Called Out on Russian Uranium Deal – Malheur Documents Found by Bundys Come to Forefront,"Earlier this year, it was reported that the Clintons have been involved in selling Uranium ore to the Russians for millions of dollars , which later was sold to Iran , and part of that discovery was tied to the imprisonment of Dwight and Steve Hammond, two ranchers from Oregon who were accused of terrorism , even though they only were doing what the Bureau of Land Management has been doing without consequence . Now, GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump is making the Clintons' dealings with the Russians over Uranium a big issue heading into next week's election. It's also renewing interest in documents the were discovered earlier this year when Ammon Bundy and several other patriots occupied the Malheur Wildlife Reserve in Oregon and were subsequently arrested, for which they were recently acquitted on all charges . 
Reporter Pete Santilli , who was at Malheur and had all charges dismissed against him in September said , ""Before being arrested I was researching and reporting on the connection between Malheur, Hillary Clinton , and Uranium One. I was arrested the day after I released the [ Hammond Legal Files ] and at that point my investigation was effectively stopped; now that Donald Trump has brought the issue back into the spotlight, I thought we should take another look."" 
Deb Jordan reports for Guerilla Media Network: 
The Hammond Legal File, is a 682 page legal history of the Hammond family's decades' long fight over land rights with the BLM and Department of Fish and Wildlife in Harney County, Oregon. Nestled in the pages was a letter that Santilli dubbed, ""The Mineral Letter"" and has never been seen until now. 
The letter was addressed to Chad Karges, head of ""The Department of Fish and Wildlife"" whose office is located at the Refuge. While the letter did not reveal a clear connection between Malheur and Uranium One, we did find it revealed that as of 2012 the mineral rights – surrounding and inside the property itself, belonged to 2 private investment firms. That information coupled with Uranium One's Facebook post does open the door for possibility. 

The letter is of great interest because just a short time before it was written to Karges, it was being widely reported that Oregon Energy llc [a subsidiary of Uranium One] was poised to start mining for Uranium in Oregon. 
Bob Robertson, the Attorney from Medford Oregon who wrote to Karges in July of 2012, and is also the administrator of Mountain Star Investments LLC, one of the principal mineral rights owners on the refuge, explains in the letter; The joint venture owns a total interest of 22,000 acres of mining reservations around and inside the Refuge including the parcel the Refuge Headquarters sits on. 
IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO HELP SUPPORT PETE SANTILLI & DEB JORDAN PLEASE CLICK 
James M. Lemons is the owner of multiple companies in Texas and also owns the other investment company mentioned in the letter, JM&L Investment LTD. Among his holdings is a company called Fellowship of The Metroplex, a string of bankrupt churches throughout Texas and other Western States. This does not fit the profile of a man who supposedly owns 22,ooo acres of mineral rights, that includes the Malheur Refuge headquarters. 
The problem with Lemons is, he seems to own shell companies that really don't produce anything. One researcher for this article claimed; ""This is not uncommon in cases like these, and it is highly probable James M. Lemons is not even a real person."" 
Bob Robertson claims in the letter that Mountain Star Investments LLC was a company in 2012, but the information on the web says the company was not formed until 2014. It is listed only as an investment company. 
Since both companies leave much to the imagination, I will leave this section open for updates as obviously more research needs to be done. Is there a connection to Uranium One? That questions yet to be fully answered. 
This gets to the heart of why the Hammond land was at stake in the Oregon fiasco. As I reported in January , the Hammond's Ranch is rich in Uranium and other minerals. In fact, it's worth billions! 
Santilli says that the central government continues to refuse to admit that the BLM's illegal land grab is all about Uranium. 
If this is not enough information to point out the Uranium-rich area of Oregon, then have a look at the BLM's own website where they document the following: 
Uranium on BLM-Administered Lands in OR/WA 
In September 2011, a representative from Oregon Energy, L.L.C. (formally Uranium One), met with local citizens, and county and state officials, to discuss the possibility of opening a uranium oxide (""yellowcake"") mine in southern Malheur County in southeastern Oregon. Oregon Energy is interested in developing a 17-Claim parcel of land known as the Aurora Project through an open pit mining method. Besides the mine, there would be a mill for processing. The claim area occupies about 450 acres and is also referred to as the ""New U"" uranium claims. 
On May 7, 2012, Oregon Energy LLC made a presentation to the BLM outlining its plans for development for the mine. 
The Vale District has agreed to work with Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife on mitigation for the ""New U"" uranium claims, which are located in core sage grouse habitat. Although the lands encompassing the claims have been designated core, the area is frequented by rockhounds and hunters, and has a crisscrossing of off-highway vehicle (OHV) roads and other significant land disturbance from the defunct Bretz Mercury Mine, abandoned in the 1960s. 
However, by the fall of 2012 the company said that it was putting its plans for the mine on hold until the uncertainty surrounding sage grouse issues was resolved. 
Yes, the BLM is an illegal, anti-American entity that believes it has an authority superior to the US Constitution , but it has no power at all. It has been established in opposition to the Constitution, and we were warned about these goons long ago by Ron Paul . 
While many have laughed at scoffed at Dr. Paul, he has proven to be right over and over in what he warned us about. When are people going to wake up to the truth? 
The email scandals of Hillary Clinton should be enough to have had her arrested, yet she is still on the ballot. This sale of Uranium to America's enemies is treason. It doesn't get any more in your face than that, but the fact that she is still on the ballot for the highest office in the land speaks volumes to the corruption that is in DC and what the American people tolerate. Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares",0
3543,China’s Global Game-Changer And Why Gold Will Skyrocket As It Anchors New Monetary System,"73   GOLD , KWN King World News 
Here is a look a China’s stunning global game-changer and why gold will skyrocket as it anchors the new monetary system. 
Stephen Leeb: “I’ve talked before about a key distinction between money and wealth. It goes hand in hand with another important distinction, between ‘wants’ and ‘needs.’ Together these two pairs of distinctions go a long way towards explaining why the West is losing ground to the East, in a momentous shift that will underpin the big bull market in gold that lies ahead… IMPORTANT: To find out which high-grade silver mining company billionaire Eric Sprott just purchased a nearly 20% stake in and learn why he believes this is one of the most exciting silver stories in the world – CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Today, as it has been doing for decades, the West is focused on money and on wants. The East is focused on wealth and on needs. And that gives the East a big leg up in the contest to gain control of the world’s future. Is there any possibility the West can still revamp its priorities and steer a better course? As I note below, I think there is, but it’s getting very late in the game. 
Let’s look at what these somewhat abstract concepts mean in concrete terms, starting with the military arena. If a major power could provide its military with everything it wants , it would likely seek to have a force that spans the globe, that can defend against all threats, and that if necessary can quell or conquer any prospective enemy — i.e., it would be cast very much in the mold of the U.S. military. These goals are a lot more expansive – and expensive – than a nation’s basic military needs, which come down to protection and security. 
China is focused on these basic military needs and isn’t getting distracted by more grandiose ‘wants.’ From cyber security to land, sea, and air protection, China is clearly putting needs ahead of wants. 
The Game-Changer: China’s J-20 Recently, for example, China showed off its newest stealth plane, the J-20, whose range is somewhat limited but whose maneuverability within its range is extraordinary. China’s (and Russia’s) land-based hypersonic missiles, while also having a limited range, have the ability to take down an aircraft carrier that ventures into waters they claim for their own. 
Similarly in the realm of underwater protection, China earlier this year showcased its new stealth submarine. While its exact specs remain secret, it’s clear from the design that the new underwater vessel is a quantum jump from earlier models. It’s undetectable and capable of firing vertical missiles at any unwanted intruder. 
The point is that while by many measures the West’s military is mightier, the East has a military better designed to meet a country’s basic needs in today’s world – especially when you include cyber security, which too often is still viewed as just a footnote to a nation’s military arsenal. The cyber area is one place where it is very difficult to have a defense. A powerful defense is also a monster offense. Just the fact that Eastern (Chinese and Russian) control of cyber space could upset the most vital liberty in the West, the right to a fair election, is a clarion call that the West has not met its basic needs in dealing with security threats. This is particularly shameful given that a mere decade ago we had what seemed like a nearly insurmountable lead in vital technologies such as super computers. 
This brings me to the second distinction, between wealth and money. The West outspends the East by more than two to one on its military. But the West’s lack of focus on real wealth, ranging from vital commodities to information technologies, is a massive Achilles heel. In addition to cyber, the Army’s chief futurist, Lt. General H.R. McMaster, has said that within the next decade Russia will have surpassed the U.S. in three of 10 critical military areas, will equal us in six, and will lag in only one. And that’s just Russia; it doesn’t take China’s role into account. The point: all our money can’t buy us military dominance unless we make sure we fully satisfy critical needs. 
The East Moving To Have Monetary System Anchored By Gold The East’s military position is important beyond providing it security against physical and virtual threats. America’s preeminence in every sphere has long been based on our military dominance. It’s why the dollar has been so sought after. Once our military dominance is in doubt, it will hasten the move from a dollar-based monetary system to one anchored by gold, which is the East’s goal. Prices Of Base Metals (London Metals Exchange) 
On the economic issues, you only need to look at the attached chart to know that in this area, too, China is doing something right. The chart presents six base commodities – zinc, copper, aluminum, lead, tin, and nickel – and shows that from their lows in mid-January, they have climbed nearly 25 percent. Clearly these gains come not on the back of the anemic West but must be credited to the much peppier conditions in the East. 
Admittedly some of these gains may come from stockpiling. Indeed, Chinese stockpiling is across the board with oil imports setting records and even iron ore imports at historically high levels. Such commodities constitute real wealth, as opposed to mere money, and China’s accumulation of them is certainly part of the reason China will export about $1 trillion to the Silk Road this year. 
As Bloomberg reported recently, Ratna Sahay, acting director of the IMF’s Monetary and Capital Markets Department, visited various Chinese banks, which the West widely believes will be at the heart of a coming seismic shock to the world’s economies. Ms. Sahay’s conclusion: “The fundamental issues that they need to tackle are the loss-making corporates and excess capacity. When you solve that issue, the other problems will start diminishing.” 
The rise in base commodities traced in the chart is also powerful evidence that the issue of excess capacity is being addressed big time. That the government continues to rid the red-inked state-owned enterprises (SOE’s) of corruption, force the worst of them into bankruptcy, and require others to merge, is compelling evidence that China is doing exactly what it needs to do. 
The Price Of The Monetary Anchor (Gold) To Skyrocket China is clearly preparing to dominate this century by maintaining a laser-like focus on needs and wealth. And to risk sounding like a broken record, one of the most sought-after sources of wealth is gold along with other precious metals. These will be at the heart of the monetary system, maybe at first in the East but eventually, worldwide. Regardless, as the East develops, the price of the monetary anchor (gold) will skyrocket. Dreams of five-digit gold and three-digit silver are coming ever closer to reality. 
Finally, I don’t think it’s too late for the West, but it won’t be easy. For anyone curious about what really separates East from West, I’d recommend reading the work of the redoubtable Richard Nisbett, now an emeritus chaired professor at the University of Michigan. He points to critical learned differences in thinking between East and West. I firmly believe that for the two centuries ended in the early 1970s, the West combined the best of these different modes of thinking. And this means we are not doomed. It’s not a question of genetic wiring. We just need to fervently hope that whoever is elected President on Tuesday is up to the task of getting us back to the mindset that had made us perhaps the greatest nation that ever was.” ***KWN has now released the extraordinary audio interview with Egon von Greyerz, where he gives KWN listeners a look what is really happening behind the scenes globally and in the gold market, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO RELEASED: The Destiny Of The World CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author",0
3544,Trump Offers No Apology for Claim on British Spying - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump provoked a rare public dispute with America’s closest ally on Friday after his White House aired an explosive and unsubstantiated claim that Britain’s spy agency had secretly eavesdropped on him at the behest of President Barack Obama during last year’s campaign. Livid British officials adamantly denied the allegation and secured promises from senior White House officials never to repeat it. But a defiant Mr. Trump refused to back down, making clear that the White House had nothing to retract or apologize for because his spokesman had simply repeated an assertion made by a Fox News commentator. Fox itself later disavowed the report. The rupture with London was Mr. Trump’s latest quarrel with an ally or foreign power since taking office. Mexico’s president angrily canceled a White House visit in January over Mr. Trump’s proposed border wall. A telephone call with Australia’s prime minister ended abruptly amid a dispute over refugees. Sweden bristled over Mr. Trump’s criticism of its refugee policy. And China refused for weeks to engage with Mr. Trump because of his postelection call with Taiwan’s president. Mr. Trump’s strained relations with Europe, which has viewed his ascension to power with trepidation, were fully on display on Friday, not just in the British spy flap but also in the venue in which it was addressed. The president was hosting for the first time Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, who is seen by many Europeans as the most important champion of the liberal international order. Though polite, the two leaders seemed stiff and distant during their public appearances. European news outlets and social media made much of the fact that she suggested a handshake for photographers in the Oval Office and he did not respond, although it appeared that he did not hear her. Either way, the two were clearly on separate pages on issues like immigration and trade. The angry response from Britain stemmed from Mr. Trump’s persistence in accusing Mr. Obama of tapping his phones last year despite the lack of evidence and    denials. At a briefing on Thursday, Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, read from a sheaf of news clippings that he suggested bolstered the president’s claim. Among them was an assertion by Andrew Napolitano, a Fox News commentator, that Mr. Obama had used Britain’s Government Communications Headquarters, the agency known as the GCHQ, to spy on Mr. Trump. In response to Mr. Spicer, the agency quickly denied it as “nonsense” and “utterly ridiculous,” while British officials contacted American counterparts to complain. “We said nothing,” Mr. Trump told a German reporter who asked about the matter at a news conference with Ms. Merkel. “All we did was quote a certain very talented legal mind who was the one responsible for saying that on television. I didn’t make an opinion on it. ” He added: “You shouldn’t be talking to me. You should be talking to Fox. ” The president tried making a joke about it, turning to Ms. Merkel, who was angered during Mr. Obama’s administration by reports that the National Security Agency had tapped her cellphone and those of other leaders. “At least we have something in common, perhaps,” Mr. Trump said. She made a face that suggested she had no interest in getting involved. After the news conference, Mr. Spicer echoed Mr. Trump’s unapologetic tone. “I don’t think we regret anything,” he told reporters. “As the president said, I was just reading off media reports. ” Shortly afterward, Fox backed off Mr. Napolitano’s claim. “Fox News cannot confirm Judge Napolitano’s commentary,” the anchor Shepard Smith said on air. “Fox News knows of no evidence of any kind that the now president of the United States was surveilled at any time, any way. Full stop. ” Mr. Trump’s unremorseful tenor further stunned British officials, who thought they had managed to contain the matter. Kim Darroch, the British ambassador to the United States, had raised the matter on Thursday night with Mr. Spicer at a St. Patrick’s Day reception in Washington. Mark Lyall Grant, the national security adviser to Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain, had contacted his American counterpart, Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster. On Friday morning, a spokesman for Mrs. May said the White House had backed off the allegation. “We’ve made clear to the administration that these claims are ridiculous and should be ignored,” the spokesman said, on the condition of anonymity in keeping with British protocol. “We’ve received assurances these allegations won’t be repeated. ” But White House officials, who also requested anonymity, said Mr. Spicer had offered no regret to the ambassador. “He didn’t apologize, no way, no how,” a senior West Wing official said. The officials said they did not know whether General McMaster had apologized. The furor underscored the continuing troubles for the White House since Mr. Trump first accused Mr. Obama of tapping his phones, an allegation refuted by intelligence agencies as well as Republican and Democratic officials. Even as Mr. Trump refused to back down, fellow Republicans appeared increasingly irritated by what they see as a distraction from their policy goals. Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma said on Friday that Mr. Trump had not proved his case and should apologize to Mr. Obama. “Frankly, unless you can produce some pretty compelling truth, I think President Obama is owed an apology,” Mr. Cole told reporters. “If he didn’t do it, we shouldn’t be reckless in accusations that he did. ” The conspiracy theorizing also tested what is often called the special relationship between the United States and Britain. American intelligence agencies enjoy a closer collaboration with their British counterparts than any other in the world. GCHQ was the first agency to warn the United States government that Russia was hacking Democratic Party emails during the presidential campaign. Foreign policy analysts expressed astonishment that Mr. Trump would so cavalierly endanger that partnership. “It illustrates the extent to which the White House really doesn’t care what damage they do to crucial relationships in order to avoid admitting their dishonesty,” said Kori Schake, a former national security aide to President George W. Bush now at Stanford University’s Hoover Institution. “America’s allies are having to protect themselves against being tarred with the White House’s mendacity. ” Eric S. Edelman, an under secretary of defense under Mr. Bush, has written about the stresses between the United States and Britain in recent years. “I hope that this latest episode doesn’t drive a stake through the heart of the strongest remaining element of   partnership,” he said. Julianne Smith, who was a deputy national security adviser to Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said Mr. Trump did not appear to realize how much American intelligence agencies depend on Britain in dealing with threats around the world. “He will probably live to see the day when he will regret firing off such an egregious insult to Britain and then failing to apologize for it,” she said. The issue clearly touched a nerve at GCHQ, which usually refuses to comment on intelligence matters. Its vehement response surprised British officials and analysts. Dominic Grieve, the intelligence committee chairman in Parliament, pointed to elaborate safeguards that prevent spying on the United States and require “a valid national security purpose” for any monitoring. “It is inconceivable that those legal requirements could be met in the circumstances described,” he said. Tim Farron, the leader of the Liberal Democrats, the junior partner in the last British coalition government, described Mr. Spicer’s repetition of the claims as “shameful” and said Mr. Trump was “compromising the vital U. K. . S. security relationship to try to cover his own embarrassment. ” Downing Street evidently wanted to avoid adding to any embarrassment in Washington while making it clear that Britain had no part in any such wiretapping. But in rebuffing that effort, Mr. Trump showed that Mrs. May, who was the first foreign leader to visit the White House after his inauguration, may not have forged the bond she had hoped, analysts said. “It’s very easy to have a good meeting with Trump,” said Jeremy Shapiro, a former State Department official who is the research director at the European Council on Foreign Relations in London. “He’s very pleasant in person. He’ll promise you the world. And 48 hours later, he’ll betray you without a thought. He won’t even know he’ll be betraying you. ”",0
3545,What You’re Not Told: 90% Of American Media Is Controlled By Six Corporations,"Unless you go out of your way to seek truthful news from reputable sources, chances are you – like the majority of the populace – are fed regurgitated current events received from a small... ",0
3546,California Today: Berkeley Turns to Comedian for Advice - The New York Times,"Good morning. (Want to get California Today by email? Here’s the  .) When the comedian Maz Jobrani was asked to deliver the 2017 commencement address at U. C. Berkeley, he immediately said yes. Later, it sank in  —   this is a big deal. Past speakers have included scholars, innovators and statesmen. “And then it becomes daunting,” he said, “because you go, ‘Oh my God I’ve got to write something and it’s going to go on the internet and the whole world’s going to see it. ” Mr. Jobrani himself graduated from Berkeley in 1993, then started a doctoral program in political science at U. C. L. A. before walking away for comedy. In a news release, a student leader suggested the appearance by Mr. Jobrani, who fled Iran as a child with his family in 1978, would resonate in a time of discord over immigration and Islam. We caught up with Mr. Jobrani by phone in Los Angeles, where he lives. Some excerpts: Q. Have you been thinking about what you’ll say? A. Oh my God, Mike, I’m losing sleep over it. I’m serious. I wake up at, like, 5 in the morning with ideas and I jot them on my iPhone. One of the challenges for me is, being a comedian, they expect me to be funny too. If you watch one of my favorite [commencement addresses] with Conan O’Brien at Dartmouth  —   so brilliantly written and so funny for 15 minutes or so. He’s just killing it. And then he goes into his story of being ousted by Jay Leno and so then it becomes poignant. And I’m just watching and I’m going, ‘Oh, my God. How did he do that?’ Q. You’ve become more political on stage. What worries you right now? A. Trump doesn’t go a day without worrying me. It seems like everyday there’s something new. And then as a comedian I’ve been also saying, ‘It’s hard to keep up with the guy,’ because he just does something outrageous every day. Q. Tell me about your experience at Berkeley. A. It was four of the best years of my life. I really loved it. I remember being taught to think critically at Berkeley. But there was also interesting stuff. We had a guy back then called the Naked Guy, who was just this guy who was a nudist who was a student who would go to class with like a little sheet around his midsection and that was it. You used to see him walking around and sometimes he’d just have it hanging out, and it was like, ‘Well, this is Berkeley.’ Q. If you could go back and talk to Maz in 1993, what advice would you give? A. Follow your heart. Do what you love. Because I was constantly struggling with that. If it’s in your heart go for it. Don’t listen to other people. Q. Any smaller advice? A. Be kind. It feels good. (Please note: We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers.) • Three people were killed, including an    at a San Bernardino school in an apparent  . [The New York Times] • Photos: Anxiety and sorrow in San Bernardino. [The Sun] • A voting law meant to increase minority representation did little  —   except to generate lawsuits. [Los Angeles Times] • In a milestone, solar power temporarily met roughly half of all electricity demand across a swath of California. [San Francisco Chronicle] • As California moves to become the nation’s first “sanctuary state,” other states are poised to follow. [The New York Times] • Wells Fargo executives were ordered to pay back $75 million after a scathing report on the company’s fraud scandal. [The New York Times] • In 2014, a former tribal leader fatally shot four people during an eviction dispute. She’s now been sentenced to death. [Sacramento Bee] • Tesla surpasses another established rival, General Motors, in market value. [The New York Times] • Locol, the California   chain, has found a way to serve the highest quality coffee for just $1. [The New York Times] • After a lot of eating out, a food critic compiled the 75 best restaurants in Orange County. [Orange County Register] The Pulitzer Prizes were announced Monday. Among the honorees was the East Bay Times, which took the breaking news prize for its “relentless coverage” of the Ghost Ship fire last year. You can see the reporting here. In an editorial, the newspaper said its work on the tragedy has just begun. Some of most stunning imagery of our bountiful spring has been from the Carrizo Plain. Situated east of San Luis Obispo, the   long grassland has been lit up by   wildflowers. Among the blooms are baby blue eyes, orange poppies, purple bush lupine and goldfields  —   all set against rare green canvas. Matthew O’Brien, a Bay Area reader, shared a photo he took in late March facing the normally dry Soda Lake and the Temblor Range, which forms the eastern border of the Carrizo Plain. The area is vast, open, and usually desolate. But word of the   superbloom has been drawing thousands of   visitors, said Gabe Garcia, a field manager at the Bureau of Land Management. “It’s something that’s kind of a     type of event,” Mr. Garcia said. The show won’t go on forever. Mr. Garcia predicted the flowers would start to wither within a few weeks as the weather turns warmer and drier. “Once that happens, everything kind of goes back to the way it was,” he said. Here are a few more pictures by Bob Wick, a Bureau of Land Management photographer. California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a   Californian  —   born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis.  California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U. C. Berkeley.",0
3547,Taking Baby Steps to Get Off the Couch - The New York Times,"If there is one thing Elaine Fludgate wants to emphasize, it is that she is not the neediest. Nope, not her. What she is, she said, is the luckiest, the most grateful: She was caught before she actually fell through the cracks. For 40 years, Ms. Fludgate, 62, has lived on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. Her most recent job was as an administrator for the Kimmel Center for University Life at New York University, where in 2013 she was a recipient of the college’s    Award for outstanding work. She had a loving partner, Michael, by her side. Ms. Fludgate had a good life. But everything changed in late 2013, after Ms. Fludgate learned that her partner had liver cancer. She left her job to care for him, helping him until he died in March 2015. “The depth of my grief was really unbearable,” Ms. Fludgate said. “He was my life for 32 years. That was just us. So he’s gone, and I’m nothing. ” Ms. Fludgate retreated to her apartment, sitting at times in the dark, leaving her solitude only when her cats needed food. As her savings dwindled, Ms. Fludgate resorted to selling items like furniture and jewelry on eBay. She got rid of almost everything, hanging on to only a few items, including a sentimental pair of earrings she has had since she was 18. “It’s embarrassing,” she said. “I had a great job at a university. And then my life just fell apart. ” After seven months of painful grief, she finally forced herself from the couch, venturing to the Center at Lenox Hill Neighborhood House, an assistance center for older adults, to see what help it could offer her. “I realize you can only go so far deep into the rabbit hole,” Ms. Fludgate said. “So I came here, and I was truly a basket case. ” At the center, she was connected to the Service Program for Older People. She joined a bereavement group, was assigned a social worker and therapists and was prescribed antidepressants. “It was very cathartic to be with people who have experienced the hell of losing a loved one,” Ms. Fludgate said. Then in April 2016, eviction notices started appearing on her apartment door. “If I got thrown out, of course, I’d live in a women’s shelter on Park Avenue because I could tell people I was living on Park Avenue,” Ms. Fludgate said, her coping response characteristic of her humor, not haughtiness. Fortunately, in June, she successfully applied for disability and Social Security benefits, which included enough money to pay off her rental arrears, as well as mounting credit card debt. “It’s incredible, but I just want to get across how quickly, especially in this city, you come from the heights and then to get the depths of depression and the whole thing,” Ms. Fludgate said. She currently receives $1, 570 a month in Social Security, $154 in food stamps and a small stipend from a   job as a counselor for seniors, a job that ends this week. Last summer, her caseworker at the Service Program for Older People asked Ms. Fludgate if she needed anything, but she said she at first felt too guilty and too proud to tell the truth. Before long, Ms. Fludgate acknowledged she could use help and expressed her desire for new furniture to spruce up her barren apartment. The caseworker, Carola Chase, contacted FPWA, formerly the Federation of Protestant Welfare Agencies, one of the eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases. It secured a $1, 000 grant in Neediest Cases funds to allow Ms. Fludgate to buy a sofa, a chair and a console table. “It’s really made a big difference,” she said. “I have had people to my house since I got the new furniture. ” Little by little, her life had been improving. On the first day of this year, Ms. Fludgate lost her health insurance coverage and could no longer afford her medication or receive the services that helped her with her grief. She maintains regular contact with the new friends she made in her bereavement group and leans on them often for assistance. She said she was grateful for every bit of support. “If I had stayed sitting on the couch, I would have lost another 20 pounds, but you wouldn’t have got me anywhere,” Ms. Fludgate said. She is considering trying to   the work force full time, she said. But she worries she is at the age where landing a job may be impossible. “I don’t have a   goal,” Ms. Fludgate said. “I’m just trying to do baby steps. ”",0
3548,FACT CHECK: Trump Is Right That Clinton Might Cause WW3 - Eric Zuesse,"Trump claims that Clinton’s policy on Syria would lead to World War 3. 
Let’s fact check … 
The Washington Post points out that a vote for Clinton is a vote for escalating military confrontation in Syria and elsewhere: 
In the rarefied world of the Washington foreign policy establishment, President Obama’s departure from the White House — and the possible return of a more conventional and hawkish Hillary Clinton — is being met with quiet relief. 
The Republicans and Democrats who make up the foreign policy elite are laying the groundwork for a more assertive American foreign policy, via a flurry of reports shaped by officials who are likely to play senior roles in a potential Clinton White House. 
*** 
The studies, which reflect Clinton’s stated views, break most forcefully with Obama on Syria …. call[ing] for stepped-up military action to deter President Bashar al-Assad’s regime and Russian forces in ­Syria. 
*** 
Most of the studies propose limited American airstrikes with cruise missiles to punish Assad …. 
*** 
Last year, Obama dismissed calls for a no-fly zone in northwestern Syria — a position advocated by Clinton — as “ half-baked .” 
*** 
Even pinprick cruise-missile strikes designed to hobble the ­Syrian air force or punish Assad would risk a direct confrontation with Russian forces, which are scattered throughout the key ­Syrian military bases that would be targeted. 
“You can’t pretend you can go to war against Assad and not go to war against the Russians,” said a senior administration official who is involved in Middle East policy and was granted anonymity to discuss internal White House deliberations. 
The most liberal presidential candidate still running – Green Party candidate Jill Stein – says: 
She explains : 
Hillary Clinton wants to start an air war with Russia. Let’s be clear: That’s what a no-fly zone means. It is tantamount to a declaration of war against Russia. 
*** 
Clearly the Democrats are incredibly embarrassed about the nature of these [email] revelations, and they’ve created a smokescreen here to try and distract from that. But that smokescreen is pushing us to the brink of warfare with Russia now, where you have the U.S. head of defense, Ashton Carter, talking about nuclear war. We just did a dry run dropping fake nuclear bombs over Nevada. This is really dangerous stuff; this is not pretend. So we need to take a deep breath here, we need to step back and stop beating the war drums. In this context, Hillary Clinton is talking about starting an air war with Russia. Which could slide—you know, we’re on the verge of nuclear war right now. 
*** 
The most likely nuclear threat right now is with Russia. There’s no doubt about that. When you have Mikhail Gorbachev, who was the prime minister of the Soviet Union during the Cold War, saying that the threat of nuclear war is hotter now than it has ever been in all of history, you’ve got to take that pretty seriously. And when you have Hillary Clinton then beating the war drums against Russia, and essentially saying that if she’s elected that we will declare war on Russia—because that’s what a no-fly zone over Syria amounts to. Shooting down Russian warplanes. 
*** 
Hillary Clinton is a disastrous nuclear threat right now in a context where we’re already off-the-charts in the risk of nuclear war. She has stated in this context that she’s essentially opening up a battlefront with Russia. So to my mind, this emerges as the clearest and most present danger. 
Prominent liberal economist Jeffrey Sachs writes in the Huffington Post, in an essay bannered “Hillary Is the Candidate of the War Machine“: 
It is often believed that the Republicans are the neocons and the Democrats act as restraints on the warmongering. This is not correct. Both parties are divided between neocon hawks and cautious realists who don’t want the US in unending war. Hillary is a staunch neocon whose record of favoring American war adventures explains much of our current security danger. 
Just as the last Clinton presidency set the stage for financial collapse, it also set the stage for unending war. On October 31, 1998 President Clinton signed the Iraq Liberation Act that made it official US policy to support “regime change” in Iraq. 
It should be the policy of the United States to support efforts to remove the regime headed by Saddam Hussein from power in Iraq and to promote the emergence of a democratic government to replace that regime. 
Thus were laid the foundations for the Iraq War in 2003. 
Of course, by 2003, Hillary was a Senator and a staunch supporter of the Iraq War, which has cost the US trillions of dollars, thousands of lives, and done more to create ISIS and Middle East instability than any other single decision of modern foreign policy. In defending her vote, Hillary parroted the phony propaganda of the CIA: 
“In the four years since the inspectors left, intelligence reports show that Saddam Hussein has worked to rebuild his chemical and biological weapons stock, his missile delivery capability, and his nuclear program. He has also given aid, comfort, and sanctuary to terrorists, including Al Qaeda members…“ 
After the Iraq Liberation Act came the 1999 Kosovo War, in which Bill Clinton called in NATO to bomb Belgrade, in the heart of Europe, and unleashing another decade of unrest in the Balkans. Hillary, traveling in Africa, called Bill: “I urged him to bomb,” she told reporter Lucinda Frank. 
Hillary’s record as Secretary of State is among the most militaristic, and disastrous, of modern US history . Some experience. Hilary was a staunch defender of the military-industrial-intelligence complex at every turn, helping to spread the Iraq mayhem over a swath of violence that now stretches from Mali to Afghanistan. Two disasters loom largest: Libya and Syria. 
Hillary has been much attacked for the deaths of US diplomats in Benghazi, but her tireless promotion of the overthrow Muammar Qaddafi by NATO bombing is the far graver disaster. Hillary strongly promoted NATO-led regime change in Libya, not only in violation of international law but counter to the most basic good judgment. After the NATO bombing, Libya descended into civil war while the paramilitaries and unsecured arms stashes in Libya quickly spread west across the African Sahel and east to Syria. The Libyan disaster has spawned war in Mali, fed weapons to Boko Haram in Nigeria, and fueled ISIS in Syria and Iraq. In the meantime, Hillary found it hilarious to declare of Qaddafi: “We came, we saw, he died.” 
Perhaps the crowning disaster of this long list of disasters has been Hillary’s relentless promotion of CIA-led regime change in Syria. Once again Hillary bought into the CIA propaganda that regime change to remove Bashir al-Assad would be quick, costless, and surely successful. In August 2011, Hillary led the US into disaster with her declaration Assad must “get out of the way,” backed by secret CIA operations. 
Five years later, no place on the planet is more ravaged by unending war, and no place poses a great threat to US security. More than 10 million Syrians are displaced, and the refugees are drowning in the Mediterranean or undermining the political stability of Greece, Turkey, and the European Union. Into the chaos created by the secret CIA-Saudi operations to overthrow Assad, ISIS has filled the vacuum, and has used Syria as the base for worldwide terrorist attacks. 
The list of her incompetence and warmongering goes on. Hillary’s support at every turn for NATO expansion, including even into Ukraine and Georgia against all common sense, was a trip wire that violated the post-Cold War settlement in Europe in 1991 and that led to Russia’s violent counter-reactions in both Georgia and Ukraine. As Senator in 2008, Hilary co-sponsored 2008-SR439 , to include Ukraine and Georgia in NATO. As Secretary of State, she then presided over the restart of the Cold War with Russia. 
It is hard to know the roots of this record of disaster. Is it chronically bad judgment? Is it her preternatural faith in the lying machine of the CIA? Is it a repeated attempt to show that as a Democrat she would be more hawkish than the Republicans? Is it to satisfy her hardline campaign financiers? Who knows? Maybe it’s all of the above. But whatever the reasons, hers is a record of disaster. Perhaps more than any other person, Hillary can lay claim to having stoked the violence that stretches from West Africa to Central Asia and that threatens US security. 
Jakob Augstein notes in Der Spiegel: 
Trump would probably be the better choice in the question of war and peace than Clinton. 
Clinton has expressly expressed the wish to establish a flight ban on Syria, or parts of it. *** In truth, it would be an act of war. The risks are unpredictable. Above all, the risk of a military conflict with Russia. 
*** 
The highest soldier of the United States of America, General Joseph Dunford, President of the United States General Staff of the United States Forces, is certain. To control the entire airspace over Syria would mean war with Syria and Russia. Dunford’s predecessor in office estimated a few years ago that an effective flight bomb over Syria would involve the use of 70,000 soldiers and a monthly cost of $ 1 billion. 
But the bottom line is Clinton’s proven historical track record … she’s at least partly responsible for war after catastrophic war and coup after disastrous coup in Libya, Syria, Kosovo, Haiti, Honduras and other countries around the world. 
And it’s interesting, indeed, that the Neocons who got us into the Iraq war have endorsed Clinton instead of Trump . 
Trump might speak in a crude, knee-jerk manner … but Clinton is probably more likely to actually get us into war .",0
3549,Truthstream Media Releases Their First Documentary: Obsolete,"By Melissa Dykes
We’ve been working diligently for the past year driving across the country filming our first feature-length documentary which is about 75% finished. In order to help finance the rest, we thought we would create a mini documentary for Amazon Video in lieu of a Kickstarter campaign. We’re hoping people will watch it for free on Prime (or free with ads) or rent for cheap ($2) to help us fund the rest of our film.
Thank you everyone for being so awesome as we’ve worked hard to build ourselves up to this point!

*WATCH OBSOLETE NOW on AMAZON!* OBSOLETE description: The Future Doesn’t Need Us… Or So We’ve Been Told.
With the rise of technology and the real-time pressures of an online, global economy, humans will have to be very clever – and very careful – not to be left behind by the future.
From the perspective of those in charge, human labor is losing its value, and people are becoming a liability.
This documentary reveals the real motivation behind the secretive effort to reduce the population and bring resource use into strict, centralized control.
Could it be that the biggest threat we face isn’t just automation and robots destroying jobs, but the larger sense that humans could become obsolete altogether?
*Please watch and share!* Source: Truthstream Media 
",0
3550,A Vote For Hillary is a Vote For World War 3,"A Vote For Hillary is a Vote For World War 3 Do you stand ""with her"" nuclear holocaust? Paul Joseph Watson - October 28, 2016 Comments 
Do you stand “with her” nuclear holocaust? 
Hillary Clinton has vowed to use military assets against Russia if Moscow is merely suspected of having engaged in a cyber attack. 
Hillary Clinton has already proven that she is a sociopathic warmonger. Her bloodthirsty zeal to overthrow Gaddafi in Libya directly led to the rise of ISIS, the international migrant crisis and a wrecked continent. 
If she is elected, Hillary will push for arming jihadist rebels in Syria with even more sophisticated weaponry and a no fly zone over the country – an effective declaration of war on the Syrian government and its ally, Russia. 
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for world war three. Jill Stein: ""If Hillary gets elected, we're going to war with Russia, a nuclear armed power."" pic.twitter.com/0mp7JVSWy1 
— Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) October 19, 2016 
Hillary Clinton is George W. Bush 2.0 – that’s why she is supported by a plethora of ‘Never Trump’ neo-cons who are salivating over the prospect of getting back into power and launching new wars of aggression. 
Except this time the enemy won’t be Saddam Hussein, Gaddafi or any other third world nation with a flimsy, virtually non-existent army. 
The enemy will be Russia – a country with a 3 million man army and a huge stockpile of nuclear weapons. 
It is important to not fall prey to normalcy bias. Just because there hasn’t been a major conflict in most our our lifetimes doesn’t mean it can’t happen. The history of humanity is the history of warfare. 
A vote for Hillary is a vote for World War 3. 
Make this message go viral by sharing this video . Because nuclear war is progressive. https://t.co/bwYbmZbkrN pic.twitter.com/90UGR46I1g 
— Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) October 28, 2016 
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:",0
3551,"Susan Sarandon Formally Endorses Jill Stein, Slams Clinton Corruption","We Are Change 
Actress and activist Susan Sarandon formally endorsed the Green Party presidential candidate, Dr. Jill Stein, on Wednesday.

In a letter explaining her endorsement, published on Stein’s website , the former Bernie Sanders supporter listed eleven reasons that she could not support Hillary Clinton. 
Her letter of endorsement reads as follows: 
Dear Jill and team, 
I’ve been waiting for any indication that Hillary Clinton’s position on the issues that are most urgent to me, has changed. But … 
She does not support the $15 minimum wage. She shows no support for legalizing marijuana. She supports TPP. She has sold fracking and Monsanto. She supports offshore drilling. She has no position on the Dakota Access Pipeline. She opposes the labeling of GMOs. She opposes the breakup of big banks. She takes lobbyists’ money for campaigning. She opposes a binding climate treaty. She supports unconditional military aid to Israel. I’m therefore very happy to endorse Jill Stein for the presidency because she does stand for everything I believe in. 
It’s clear a third party is necessary and viable at this time. And this is the first step in accomplishing this end. 
Fear of Donald Trump is not enough for me to support Clinton, with her record of corruption. 
Now that Trump is self-destructing, I feel even those in swing states have the opportunity to vote their conscience. 
Susan Sarandon 
The actress has been outspoken over her concerns about Clinton’s track record since early on in the primary season. Six months ago, she even publicly asserted that Clinton is “more dangerous” than the Republican nominee. 
“I believe in a way she is more dangerous,” Sarandon told The Young Turks. “They’re both talking to Henry Kissinger apparently late … She did not learn from Iraq, and she is an interventionist, and she has done horrible things and very callously, I don’t know if she is overcompensating or what her trip is. But that scares me. I think we’ll be in Iran in two seconds. It frightens me.” 
She explained that while the media force feeds us fear of Trump to justify a Clinton vote, the former Secretary of State seems to get a pass on her disastrous policies. 
“This is what we’re fed,” Sarandon continued. “‘He’s so dangerous, he’s so dangerous,’ but seriously I am not worried about a wall being built, he is not going to get rid of every Muslim in this country. Has he made it the norm to be racist and to vent these kind of un-American things? Yes. But seriously, I don’t know what his policy is. I do know what her policies are. I do know who she is taking money from. And I do know that she is not transparent, and I do know that nobody calls her on it,” she said. 
The post Susan Sarandon Formally Endorses Jill Stein, Slams Clinton Corruption appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
3552,60 Minutes: Mostly ’Affluent and College Educated’ Liberals Fall for Fake News - Breitbart,"Curtis Houck at NewsBusters notes that 60 Minutes’ Sunday report, “How Fake News Becomes a Popular, Trending Topic,” admits that the audience for “fake news” tailored to the left is mostly “affluent and college educated. ”[From NewsBusters:  [G]uest and “internet advertising firm” CEO Jeff Green dropped this admission that both he and Pelley seemed befuddled by: JEFF GREEN: So the first thing that we found out is that it is definitely a phenomenon that affects both sides. PELLEY: Liberals and conservatives? GREEN: Yes. There is no question they’re both affected. There was yet another surprise in store for these hardcore liberals. After citing a case of   fake news about Congress “plotting to overthrow President Trump,” Green revealed that “fake news readers on the left were more likely to be affluent and college educated. ” At the other end, “  fake news overwhelmingly attracted readers in their 40s and 50s. ” Green admitted that this “shocked me,” and Pelley had a similarly flabbergasted look. Green added that he “thought the same way that many Americans perhaps think is that fake news was a phenomenon that only tricked the uneducated,” but, alas, “not true  —   just not  —   the data shows it’s just not true. ” Read the rest of the story here.",0
3553,Comment on Is Hillary Clinton The Athaliah Of Our Generation? Just Check Out What One Eyewitness Is Saying… by jack nichols,"Is Hillary Clinton The Athaliah Of Our Generation? Just Check Out What One Eyewitness Is Saying…   June 6th, 2016 
It is amazing to me that the American people would willingly choose an exceedingly wicked woman such as Hillary Clinton to lead them. Perhaps this is just more evidence of how incredibly far we have fallen as a nation. There are many out there that are comparing Hillary Clinton to Queen Jezebel from ancient Israel, but to me there is another figure in the Bible that is much more appropriate. Somewhere around 2800 years ago, King Jehoram of Judah was married to a very wicked woman named Athaliah. When Jehoram unexpectedly died, his son Ahaziah became king of Judah for about a year, but then he died too. At that point Athaliah seized power and tried to kill off all male descendants that might pose a threat to her reign. Fortunately, one very young male descendant did survive, and Athaliah was finally deposed after six horrible years. If you take a close look at the careers of Hillary Clinton and Athaliah, there are definitely some striking parallels between the two… 
-They were both initially married to the ruler of the nation. 
-They both had very prominent roles while their husbands ruled. 
-They both had an extraordinary lust for power. 
-They both exhibited extreme paranoia and dealt ruthlessly with anyone that was a potential threat to their hold on power. 
-Athaliah greatly promoted the worship of Baal in ancient Judah, and one of the key elements of Baal worship was child sacrifice. Since Roe v. Wade was decided in 1973, more than 58 million babies have been murdered in the United States, and Hillary Clinton has spent her entire career telling women that they have “a right to choose” to kill their children. 
It would take an entire set of encyclopedias to document all of the evil things that we already know that Hillary Clinton has done, but now disturbing new evidence is coming forward. 
Former Secret Service agent Gary Byrne is a 29 year veteran of the military and federal law enforcement, and his new book entitled “ Crisis of Character ” has been the topic of the top headline on the Drudge Report for two days in a row. According to Byrne, Hillary Clinton was so angry and so violent while the Clintons were living in the White House that Secret Service agents and White House staff constantly “lived in terror of her next tirade” … 
“What I saw in the 1990s sickened me,” he writes in the intro of the book, “ Crisis of Character: A White House Secret Service Officer Discloses his Firsthand Experience with Hillary, Bill, and How They Operate .” 
The book claims she repeatedly screamed obscenities at her husband, Secret Service personnel and White House staffers — all of whom lived in terror of her next tirade . 
In recent years, the media has been absolutely brutal on celebrities that have committed domestic violence, and rightfully so. 
But why does Hillary Clinton get away with it? 
According to Byrne, one particularly violent encounter with Hillary resulted in Bill Clinton having a “real, live, put-a-steak-on-it black eye” … 
A former Secret Service officer who helped protect Hillary Clinton while she was in the White House charges in a new tell-all book that the former first lady had a ‘volcanic’ temper and occasionally got violent with her husband – and that a loud 1995 fight left the president with a black eye . 
In the book, ‘ Crisis of Character ,’ former agency officer Gary Bryne, details arriving at work after a 1995 shouting-match that left a light blue vase ‘smashed to bits’ and Bill sporting a ‘real, live, put-a-steak-on-it black eye.’ 
Things got so bad that Secret Service agents had discussions about the possibility they might have to protect the president from his wife’s physical attacks , the New York Post reported in advance excerpts of the book. 
Now let me ask you a question… 
What should be done to a violent husband that gives his wife a black eye? 
Of course the answer is obvious. 
So why wouldn’t we treat Hillary Clinton exactly the same way as a society? 
There are many other extremely interesting details in Byrne’s new book, including the fact that he once interrupted Bill Clinton making out with a woman that was not his wife … 
Byrne — who was subpoenaed to testify before the grand jury that investigated Bill Clinton’s affair with intern Monica Lewinsky — claims in the book that he interrupted the president’s sexual shenanigans in the White House. 
Byrne says he walked into a room where the president was “involved inappropriately with a woman” who was neither his wife nor Lewinsky . 
These are the people that we want to put back into the White House? 
Are we completely nuts? 
There are even more shocking details from the book that I cannot share with you because they are so sordid that they are not appropriate for many of the family friendly websites this article will be appearing on. 
In the end, I am so glad that Byrne has decided to come forward, because the American people deserve to know the truth about Hillary Clinton. As a former Secret Service agent, he says that there is no way that the Clintons should ever be allowed back into the White House … 
“Hillary Clinton is now poised to become the Democratic nominee for president of the United States, but she simply lacks the integrity and temperament to serve in the office. From the bottom of my soul I know this to be true. So I must speak out. 
I had no animosity toward the Clintons. Out of a sense of loyalty to our First Family I even secretly disposed of sordid physical evidence that might later have been used to convict the president. The blue dress wasn’t the only evidence of his misdeeds. But I could not keep from asking myself how our nation’s leaders could be so reckless, so volatile, and so dangerous to themselves and to our nation. And yes, to me and my family. 
I want you to hear my story. It’s about the men and women risking their lives to protect this nation. And more important, it’s about how the Clintons must never again be allowed to put them or you and your children—at risk.” 
Of course what Byrne is saying meshes very well with what other Secret Service agents have said in the past. Investigative journalist Ron Kessler interviewed many of them for his book entitled “The First Family Detail” , and he revealed in that book that many agents consider it to be “a form of punishment” when they are assigned to Hillary Clinton… However, Hillary is exposed as being the complete opposite of her husband and daughter, and instead is reportedly very rude and acted nasty toward a number of agents. ‘Hillary was very rude to agents, and she didn’t appear to like law enforcement or the military,’ former Secret Service agent Lloyd Bulman recalled to Kessler. ‘She wouldn’t go over and meet military people or police officers, as most protectees do. ‘She was just really rude to almost everybody. She’d act like she didn’t want you around, like you were beneath her.’ 
If we are not going to believe Secret Service agents, who are we going to believe? 
Over the years, literally dozens of insiders have come forward to tell the truth about the Clintons, and yet the American people continue to embrace them. 
In the end, we get the leaders that we deserve, and the people that we send to Washington are a reflection of who we are as a nation. 
So if we send this generation’s version of Athaliah to the White House in November, what will that say about us? 
Perhaps that is something that we all should be thinking about in the months ahead… Was The Gotthard Base Tunnel Opening Ceremony An Illuminati Ritual Intended To Honor Satan? » William Lutz 
When a woman is attacked by a man, she is the pampered victim of domestic violence who gets special treatment. On the other hand, when a man is attacked by a woman, he is the aggressor who initiated the fight. That’s a perfect example of feminist double standards. Hitlery physically abused her husband and it was swept under the rug. I don’t know why certain people such as the Clintons are not held accountable for their actions. theShipIsSinking 
Two questions:“Why are the Clintons (and a long list of others including the Bush Dynasty, Nixon and other “conservatives”) not held accountable for their actions?” Answer: The elite and their puppets are not subjects of the rest of the laws that apply to the most of us. This is why the halls of congress and the White House are filled with lawyers with a few exceptions. From their point of view and the way the laws are written they are people and we are dumb animals to be used as slave labor. Thus the Personal Income Tax. 
(Implied) “Why the double standard against men?” Answer: It is part of their sexist war on Men, especially “white,” heterosexual, conservative men who love the constitution and the Bible. Their religion of Militant Liberalism (supported by both parties) is the apex of Hypocrisy, Hate, Intolerance, and Ignorance. 
And Oh the homosexual/lesbian/gender queer/gender identity crises agenda/insanity also just is another pawn in their game to destroy the few real Men left along with the concept of our current constitutional Republic based on protecting personal freedoms, privacy, and liberties. Gay Veteran 
why don’t you explain that homosexual/lesbian/gender queer/gender identity crises agenda/insanity theShipIsSinking 
Not that long ago businesses had the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason. Now we have whores like your friends who demand us bow and worship your idol the phallus. If we refuse service to your abomination called a “wedding” on the basis of our Biblical faith like good little liberal zombies your friends run to the state and have them file lawsuits against us. Your buddies in the socialist nations (what we are currently becoming) have even pushed the issue to the point of offending them is a crime under “hate speech laws” (more like outlawing speech they hate) with a prison term because they cannot stand to have your feelings “hurt.” 
This is still a constitutional republic. We still have freedom of religion and freedom of speech. We are not about to bow to the religion of Militant Liberalism and nor will we be silent about the apostasy that the reprobate are spreading across this nation. The Original Constitution was based on a very limited federal government and States Rights for a reason. So we could live in the land of freedom and opportunity with the people choosing the way they wish to be governed, Now we are at the whims of special interest groups and indoctrination systems (de-education and the media) desiring to stomp on the rights of the majority in the name of their idols called Diversity on a national level with a joke for representation. 
Don’t worry, go vote for that whore Hitlery Clinton and she will be happy to give you a job exterminating any who refuses to worship the liberal agenda and her ideas for the new america where the original constitution For the United States ratified in 1788 is no more. Yes, that same constitution you swore to uphold. We have a Domestic Terrorist Enemy sitting in the WH and one running for the office of presidency and nobody is doing much at all. Do we need to call out the Oathkeepers to protect our citizen when going to political rallies such as in San Jose? I thank you for your service and I will remind you that the commies who seek the highest position in the land will not be so accepting of you if you are of a conservative mindset. Gay Veteran 
“Not that long ago businesses had the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason….” 
yeah, the days of Jim Crow 
“…Now we have whores like your friends who demand us bow and worship your idol the phallus….” 
what about lesbians, moron 
“…If we refuse service to your abomination called a “wedding” on the basis of our Biblical faith like good little liberal zombies your friends run to the state and have them file lawsuits against us…..” 
how about the baker who oppose interracial marriages because of their Biblical faith? 
but I tell you what, simple solution: NO lawsuits but you put a sign in your store window saying “we do not serve ”. truth in advertising, you know 
“…Your buddies in the socialist nations (what we are currently becoming) have even pushed the issue to the point of offending them is a crime under “hate speech laws” (more like outlawing speech they hate) with a prison term because they cannot stand to have your feelings “hurt.”…” 
I have no “buddies” in socialist nations, and fully support the Bill of Rights. 
“…Now we are at the whims of special interest groups….” 
poor thing, I bet you miss saying ni**er too 
“…Don’t worry, go vote for that whore Hitlery Clinton….” 
shows what a moron you are by assuming I would vote for Killery, the war-mongering neo-con psychopath 
“…Do we need to call out the Oathkeepers to protect our citizen when going to political rallies such as in San Jose?….” 
probably IF the police don’t do the job they’re PAID to do 
“…I thank you for your service….” 
then you are a fool, I was a mere cog in the imperial war machine. 
STOP worshiping the military!!! Rastus 
“I was a mere cog in the imperial war machine”. Then change your user name “veteran” if your not proud of your service. I was a veteran like some that post here but we don’t broadcast it like you deviants like to. theShipIsSinking 
Liberalism (endorsed by both parties) is the apex of Hypocrisy, Hate, Intolerance and Ignorance. 
Thank you for your post and your service. Gay Veteran 
well junior, like I’m going to ask your permission for my screen name jack nichols 
faggots krinks 
Watch ‘Last Week Tonight with John Oliver’ for the answers. At no way, no how are Democrats ever held accountable for anything. He may mention a few irrelevant congressional or state Dems but that is it. Obama never, Hillary never. This is standard procedure for the majority of media outlets. This why for an alternative opinion we are stuck with Talk Radio, whom i’ll never forgive for all the hate they gave The Donald. 
Most people don’t have the intellectual wherewithal to seek another opinion to ensure what they see/read is not slanted/a lie. Hence people are pushed a certain direction and willingly go. iris 
I think we’re plenty intelligent enough, but have been duped through social engineering via: Public schools are actually discouraging critical thinking, questioning, independence, in favor of blind acceptance and a herd mentality. Even many Christian churches are teaching this, often, unwittingly. The MSM also reinforces this daily inundation. Also, escapism is rampant in our society. It’s much easier to seek entertainment after a long day’s work, or a long day of no job at all, and the longer that habit is entrenched, the harder it is to break free from it. Not saying that enjoying life is bad, it’s very good, but so often, the acceptable forms of seeking thrills are destructive ones, in our culture. At the end of the day, we are each accountable for our lives, however. We can’t blame everything on the forces at work, whether it’s local or global. We can receive freedom, meaning, joy and empowerment in God. It’s a whole different paradigm. Rastus 
We are in a spiritual war that even most Christians do not understand. The powers, principalities and forces of darkness are on a full frontal attack. Get your spiritual house in order! theShipIsSinking 
Yes, and none of us knows when our time might be up! William Lutz 
Well many Republicans are never held accountable for anything either. That is why I hate both parties. Both consist of greedy crony politicians who care about wealth and power, not us. They are not in office to serve the interests of ordinary Americans. 
Furthermore, the two party system is outdated; we’ve had it for too long. Don’t you think it’s time to abolish it? That’s why I’m choosing a third party candidate this year. krinks 
PLEASE! When a scandal hits you’d swear the Purp’s first name was Republican. When a scandal hits that involves Dem they never mention party, EVER. Not even on Faux News. theShipIsSinking 
All the Media Propaganda puppets serve the same masters along side the same agenda (Death or Enslavement for all) and this includes Faux News and many of the fake Alt Media whores like Alex Jones and David Icke. donjusko 
Trump 2016 robert 
Sad to say Americans have been buying into nonsense and lies for a long, long time. The Clintons are just another sample of that along with the Bush dynasty, Obamacare, nation building, living on credit and debt etc. There is no end to what people will accept; at least enough people to put people into power. Here we go again. iris 
Yes. The kingdoms of this world will never change, until Christ’s return. And our votes may be getting hijacked, so we need to continue as individuals to look to God and do good, as He empowers us. Jodie Lynn Gaeta 
I couldn’t care less about what some tell-all book says about Hillary. Her stance on Obamacare, illegal immigration, education, civil liberties, etc. is enough to have convinced me not to vote for her. iris 
Agree. I don’t think she’s competent. Letfreedomring 
Anyone else notice Hillary became the democratic nominee on 6/6/16 by winning California where the Satanists had a huge celebration today? loadnup 
Yup… D-Day all over again with a different twist,… watchmannonthewall 
Michael, you’ve made a very appropriate connection between Athaliah and Hillary. Both Jezebel and Athaliah were in power when the nations of Israel and Judah were in apostasy! Isaiah writes that God gives women to lead and children to oppress us when He judges us. (Is. 3:12) 
Hillary’s history is one of stonewalling, deception, lies, false accusations, division, in-your-face, and you can fill in all the others. I’ve been getting updates from Judicial Watch for years on her activities and distain for our system of government and laws! 
Whether she is elected or not, no doubt the fact she is where she is confirms how far the moral standards of the nation have fallen since Gary Hart dropped out of the presidential race after the affair he had with Donna Rice became known in 1987. Less than 10 years later the people of the nation didn’t give a rip about what extracurricular activities went on in the Oval Office, as long as the economy kept humming, and now many support evil Hillary! 
I would say God help us, but I don’t think He is listening anymore, unless we say the right things! Abe 
You said a mouth full!! I just got a 60 page packet from Judicial Watch from stuff 3 months ago to get us where were at today. It’s not looking good for Broomhildary!I But she’s made of teflon! Hopefully like Gotti and this will be her end! I hope the people are awake! Or at least enough of them. The late 50’s to early 70’s was pure hell! I hoped never to go through that again. I can see it rearing it’s ugly head on the horizon, but will be worse because will have a total financial collapse along with it. get a clue 
The Bilderbergers pick who the next puppet is. The people of the nation don’t get what they want because we’re slaves to BANKERS! Shabaz101 
Hey guys lets say you preferred Sanders over Hilary, now Hilary bags nomination, who is lesser evil as compared to the “Deranged DJ Trump” and his volatile unpredictable nature. loadnup 
You would be well served to listen to his presentation on international affairs…. he is not unpredictable. He is real and he says what we folks here in the daily trenches are seeing, feeling, living through. The man has done multiple acts of kindness for folks from vets, people who have lost their homes to other folks in need of expensive medical services. That tells me that his heart is in the right place as he never sought recognition for these hidden acts of mercy… iris 
VOTE TRUMP Put The Benghazi Murderer In Jail !. afchief 
Is Hillary a democrat? Then she is a compulsive liar. greanfinisher . 
Whatever she is, I hope it’s not contagious. watchmannonthewall 
It is! Evil is very contgious! Many men do not want to discipline themselves. That is why so many voted for her and support her. And the media loves her! You know what little truth they tell the American public. Again, like mind joins to like kind! The broadness and depth of her support is clear evidence, to me, the nation is lost. There was a chance to right the ship 20 years ago if the leaders and public had insisted on integrity in the presidency, as they should have. Not now! Gay Veteran 
just like any republican politician Patrick Grimes 
Comparing Hillary to Athaliah or Jezebel are both good fits. Both were murderous psychopaths and both had an insatable lust for power. I don’t see how anyone in their right mind could vote for this demonically controlled woman. In my view only those who are mentally challenged or mentally deranged or both would consider such a candidate. Rastus 
Try demonically influenced or inhabited. It will make more sense. greanfinisher . 
‘She was just really rude to almost everybody. She’d act like she didn’t want you around, like you were beneath her.’ That would fit the description of any aristocrat. After all, members of the oligarchy typically are rude, arrogant and do not associate with commoners. greanfinisher . 
Best to simply sit out this rubber-stamped ‘election’. loadnup 
Ah, that’s a big NO…. by sitting out the election you are implying that you think hitlery and all her evil should be running this country…. no matter how much you may hate the establishment you are “duty” bound to vote, that is, make your tiny voice heard even if for just that one instant in time to say “No more” to the festering evil around us.. watchmannonthewall 
Sort of like “Horton Hears a Who”! That one little voice may make all the difference! greanfinisher . 
I have no duty whatsoever to vote in a ‘rigged election’ (or should I say ‘purchased’?). All that I would be simply doing here is applying a rubber stamp on a candidate who was already pre-screened by the party’s political bosses. By the way, I’m hardly supporting the gun confiscatin’ Killary horror. Bill G Wilminton NC 
It’s a lost cause as his own party is backing the gun confiscatin’ racketeer. greanfinisher . 
I think that a vote for either of those two clowns would be wrong. In fact, I would even go on to say that the Republican base is just as dissatisfied with Trump as the Democratic base is with Clinton. Why would the Democrats want to ‘elect’ a tyrant who would simply send more jobs to third world sweat shops, confiscate all firearms, tax the daylights out of the middle class, impose martial law, launch more wars, increase the national debt even further and create more havoc in the land? Don’t blame the Democrats as they didn’t ask for that lyin’ witch. Of course, the Republicans have their own issues with Trump as well. JB 
I thought the parallels to Athaliah in 2 Kings was interesting. Again, “there’s nothing new under the sun.” A lot of folks are putting their trust in Donald Trump, but if the Lord’s hand is indeed involved in this and we (as a nation) are being judged, she may very well end up becoming our next leader; one can’t go against the will of God. It’s horrifying to read even a smidgeon of what she may have said and done in the past, yet the church continues to walk in the flesh, seemingly more interested in building larger buildings, generating funds, social programs, welcoming committees and welcoming non Christians into their congregations, embracing false teachers and false doctrines – in a word, a climate of apostacy, just as it was in Judah under King Jehoram. The only way out of this is if “my people” (the church) repents, seeks His face, chooses to walk in the Spirit, and seeks revival/ times of refreshing – and leaves it up to the Lord to “heal their land.” iris 
I hope by your saying welcoming non Christians into congregations, you’re referring to membership. Many people who stumble into churches, being afraid, confused, or truly seeking God, hear the gospel there, and find new life in Christ Jesus. But I so agree, if you meant membership. There are plenty of “Christian” pastors and priests in certain denominations, which have stated that they either don’t believe in God, or that their belief system is so inclusive as to deny the efficacy of Christ’s finished work on the Cross as the only way of salvation. 
This is an aside, but   licentiousness and legalism are the two sides of one coin. Rastus 
Please, briefly explain your aside. iris 
Well, here’s an example. After coming to faith in college, I stumbled into a church which believed the whole Bible was inspired, and the final authority, which I was glad to hear, (and still believe) and got immediately involved. 3 years into that denomination, and in one of their Bible colleges, I realized that they were almost completely legalistic, and that this was definitely not how I first knew Jesus Christ. I left church altogether for a few years, (not Jesus, but was leery of church at that point). God helped me through that time, and I started going back to church, but never that denomination again. It has been 35? years since I had dealings with it, but in reading about them now, one would never recognize them, as they have changed their positions on several major fronts, but again, from a man-centered perspective, and now are quite liberal in certain areas, and not in a good way. I think this change has been about money and church growth. 
I don’t think legalists realize their hypocrisy, and usually mean well, but it’s grace + nothing, for me. He who began a good work in me will be faithful to complete it until the day of the Lord Jesus, Philippians 1:6. My hope is in Him, and not in myself. The more I walk that way, the same way i was walking in Christ at first, the more joy, peace, love and righteousness come from my life. But the opposite happens when I revert back to the old nature of earning, proving, appearances, etc., and the ways and things of the world seem to present a stronger temptation for me. 
I think the move towards practicing contemplative meditation, also known as “holy yoga” in Christian circles, might be an expected outcome for someone who has subscribed to the grace + works doctrines. Imo, that is another work, according to what I’ve heard some of them say. They are trying to grow spiritually, get closer to God through this “practice”, rather than resting in faith in Christ alone, and His finished work on the Cross. iris 
There’s a good book on the subject of spiritual abuse, by Jeff VanVonderen, a Christian counselor and former pastor. The Subtle Power of Spiritual Abuse. He’s also written other books, one on breaking free from substance addiction, and is a recovered addict, himself. He has a lot of humor, humility and logic and is good about showing the contrast between grace and faith vs works and sin. 
  as we walk in faith, we will be keeping the Law, but that it can’t happen the other way around. 
God bless, and thanks for asking! loadnup 
“”Just as it was in the days of Noah, so also will it be in the days of the Son of Man.” Between the truth that “Instead, to suit their own desires, they will gather around them a great number of teachers to say what their itching ears want to hear,” and the throngs clambering for more bread and circus who have nothing to do with any organized religion (not that all those who attend church have an abiding faith in the one Triune God) we are surrounded by the abomination of a kind of desolation that brings destruction to our very doors…. pray, prep and protect. carson 
if their putting their trust in don trump…then jeremiah 17:5…?….!! watchmannonthewall 
Great verse! One of my favorites. Wish many Christians would consider the message. A parallel verse is Hosea 5:11. Both say the same thing, but in different words! carson 
yeah I wish they would too. God’s word is a lamp to the feet the light to the path…but instead many would rather listen to what men say. watchmannonthewall 
I recently read somewhere that spending on religious construction was up nearly 10%. I believe it was from year ago figures but possibly just in the last month. Nonetheless, I thought it rather interesting considering all of the confusion about the economy. chriscas 
And the witch just clinched the nomination! I guess I’m going to have to roll the dice on Trump this November…. loadnup 
I don’t even consider it “rolling the dice.” The whore/horror that she is is so revolting to me that when I “accidently” see a picture of her the satanic refection on her face nauseates me to the point of guttural revolt… anyway, the Donald is who I will be voting for and promoting to any with “ears to hear.” Pray, prep and protect. Bill G Wilminton NC 
Vote Trump send the Hildebeast to Jail !. Gay Veteran 
oh Bill, you’ll end up as disappointed as the few Obama voters who finally woke up! NO one who would actually threaten TPTB gets to the top of the political heap in AmeriKa Bill G Wilminton NC 
TPTB thru main stream media have been attacking Trump since he began the Repub primary race. But something happened “the people” love what he SAYS and figured out that Trump speaks for “We the People” 
TPTB are still attacking Trump that makes me believe that Trump is for real or maybe in a different faction of TPTB. ….his plans are definitely not NWO congruent and the ” repub establishment” are crapping in their pants….ha ha what a show 
My belief is that Trump is for real and the 60 million disenfranchised voters that did not vote in the last election are going to landslide Trump over Hillary….LANDSLIDE. 
Vote Trump 
the fact that Trump is alive shows that TPTB do not fear him Bill G Wilminton NC 
They TPTB believed that we are all sheeple forever…..and when Trump first came on the scene just laughed….but the “sheeple” are pissed, mad, angry, and “not taking it anymore” and exhuberantly supporting Trump 
I pray for the safety of Mr Trump !. A.S. 
Now it makes perfect sense why Bill had so many mistresses. He was NOT getting any love and attention at home, from his own wife, so why not look elsewhere to fill the void. greanfinisher . 
That racketeerin’ wench even makes the Wicked Witch of the West seem adorable by comparison. RageHard84 
You could be right. DJohn1 
I seldom see you commit yourself anymore when it comes to politics. That is what makes this article so unusual. I changed political parties this election. I have been in the past a Democrat. No more. I guess the major question will be who is likely to do the least amount of damage if elected. So far Donald Trump may be the person who will do the least amount of damage though not by much. Hillary will lead us right into world war III if I am right. Bernie is likely to bankrupt what is left of this country with socialism. Trump might actually straighten up and fly right with the team he puts together. Then there is the great unknown. Meaning the people that become vice presidents. Never forget we are one heart beat away from that person taking office. I think I would look real close this election to whomever is appointed as the vice candidate. I think what scares people the most is the archie bunkerisms that Donald has spouted. We are at the end of an age. The new age being born will happen in January. Remember one thing. Donald Trump has accomplished more with less money than any candidate in history. That is a form of genius. I have been in voted office before. I was one of the most successful people at it that there was in a very small pond. The only reason I succeeded was I was dead honest about everything. I prayed a lot. Secretly for the most part. I wasn’t ashamed. I simply followed scripture. The other reason was the good Lord showed me what to do. He helped me pick a really good team to back me up. And that is what I hope Donald will do. Pick a really good team. And when things go down the toilet in a hurry. I suggest you go somewhere quiet and ask God what to do. Never advertise it. That is a form of using God. He doesn’t like that. I can think of at least 5 times when things looked hopeless and God made it come back and I won. And that is what it will take given the circumstances we find ourselves facing after the next election. None of the current people running have done that much. IF Donald picks a good team and wins then it will come out whether or not he is the leader I think he may be. The most likely thing that will happen is Bernie Sanders will become President because Hillary will go to jail. If Donald does win, that will be a minor miracle in itself. Because the electorial college is likely to elect a democrat. Gay Veteran 
Killary is a known warmonger, Trump isn’t. want war with Russia? vote for the HildeBeast Tatiana Covington 
Wait long enough, and the same old same old archetypes *will* recur. Laws of chance guarantee it, same as with dice. iris 
Sounds like that church you refer to fell for the Willowcreek church growth model. Those leaders who buy into that, buy into the consensus based, compromise based, business oriented method of attracting new members, and was the brainchild of Peter Drucker, who recommended using the Hegelian dialectic to accomplish goals in churches. He wasn’t a Christian, but identified as a Communitarian. I really think that model is actually about dismantling orthodox Christianity. In fact, have read direct quotes from some of the “mega” pastors, stating that “pillars of the church? Yeah, those are just the folks who are holding things up”, and that same person called those believers in existing churches who didn’t want to go along with the new way of doing things, so later, left, “blessed subtractions”. Every current or former Willowcreek affiliated church I’ve seen, has left a wake of spiritual destruction. It’s one thing to love people and point them to Jesus’ grace, quite another to dilute or even scoff at absolute and Biblical truths. watchmannonthewall 
Thank you for your thoughts on the matter and additional information. I never paid much attention to the mega churches until recently but do remember in the early 90’s our former pastor being invited to Willowcreek for a conference. I understood he turned it down but seems that somehow he must have gained access to their program(s). I do know that later the children’s ministry leaders all attended conferences there. Also know that later, his relatives, graduates from ORU were invited to speak and come on staff at JO’s church in Houston where afterwards they were taken to a back room and had their presentation critiqued to improve performance by focusing on their ability to connect with the audience. Not sure what the definition of “Communitarian” is, but seems this might be an aspect of it. Very interesting! I will say that they all began deeply committed to the Lord, but don’t think they know, as with so many others, it is no longer commitment the way the Lord says one must approach Him. “Now the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field.” Paul spoke of how he did not use enticing words for his audiences but simply declared the good news of Jesus Christ, in power. The Holy Spirit then moves as He wills. Today the leaven has permeated the loaf. iris 
Yep. Communitarian is a word to describe a blending of Communism and Humanitarian. So I assume Drucker was saying he was a loving humanist with communist leanings. Yes, too, to what you mentioned above. We were in a church for 9 years, which was in line with the fellowship they identified as, when we started. Within a few years, the incremental changes were noticeable, and since I was involved with a couple of ministries there, I found out the last year we were there, by accident, that they had been a Willowcreek church for 17 of their then 25 years of existence. The leadership had never told the “underlings”, and left the fellowship’s logo on the street sign. I guess a lot of folks felt as we did, as their 20,000 names on the books, anyway, dropped by about half, within a year or so. Ten years since we left now; that church is no longer Willowcreek and getting back to its roots, but damage was done, and powerful factions in that mega church are still involved and on the board. This is what you get when you try to mix the mindset and ways of the world with the walk of faith. Oil and water don’t mix though, so sadly, the intention of the WC model was effective for years. So many churches have succumbed. watchmannonthewall 
I want to let you know how thankful I am for what you shared. My father was a founding member of the church, before the current pastor came, and I was deeply involved until some nasty things were said. I deliberately stepped back so as to let them do what they, pastor and wife, wanted. I never understood why things happened the way they did, but now that you have added some detail I can finally understand what actually went on. I’m thankful God protected me from the deception and moved me into the walk I now have. Good word! iris 
Praise God, He saw that your heart was for Him and protected you, even though it was painful. A good book about what’s happened is titled, Deceived on Purpose, by Warren Smith. I’ve had my share of “friendly fire”, too, but then, it can be just as bad or worse, outside of the body of Christ. I do think our “body” is very sick and suffering, though. Seniorsquadldr 
Too late! America has demanded it’s destruction. America has called on Satan to destroy America, the Establishment has heard their cries, Satan has heard their cries. The lake of fire is going to be full of Americans. Repent and believe in the gospel. Jesus hears the cries of the faithful, born again believer. The born again believer will be spared the second death and the eternity of the eternal burning fire that does not consume. iris 
Amen. We can still seek His face as individuals, and He will save those of us who do. It doesn’t mean we won’t suffer or die here, but here is only temporary, and we’ll go from here to There with Him forever. Mart1963 
It seems when The US has a queen enthroned then the great city of Babylon (New York city will be destroyed). This city is described in the Bible as the city that rules over the kings of the world (UN building is located in New York city) and their is a woman holding a cup witht he filth of her abominations coming out of it (Statue of Liberty and the flaming cup). 
If she become president then I suggest all God’s people move out of that city. If New York city is destroyed then move out of the US because of the soon to be incoming destruction. 
Revelation 18:4-8New International Version (NIV) 
Warning to Escape Babylon’s Judgment 
4 Then I heard another voice from heaven say: “‘Come out of her, my people,’ so that you will not share in her sins, so that you will not receive any of her plagues; 5 for her sins are piled up to heaven, and God has remembered her crimes. 6 Give back to her as she has given; pay her back double for what she has done. Pour her a double portion from her own cup. 7 Give her as much torment and grief as the glory and luxury she gave herself. In her heart she boasts, ‘I sit enthroned as queen. I am not a widow; I will never mourn.’ 8 Therefore in one day her plagues will overtake her: death, mourning and famine. She will be consumed by fire, for mighty is the Lord God who judges her. Gay Veteran 
bilge James Staten 
He also should have added these Scriptures. Jeremiah 50-51, Revelation 17-18, portions of Isaiah 13-18 and Isaiah 47. In Jeremiah 50-51 it states the nation being destroyed is the Hammer of the whole earth and she is cut asunder and broken. My understanding is this is an idiom for the Policeman of the world. She is destroyed in a surprise attack. There is also a phrase the Hindermost of the nations and Rabbis for centuries have understood this to be a young nation compared to the other nations of the world, an end time nation, the last of the great nations. She sits on many waters, she is a mingled people from her beginning, she is rich beyond measure, the economic engine for the world, the consumer nation of the world, and she has a large Jewish population. In the Revelation area of Scripture it describes that in “One Hour’s Time” great riches come to nothing. If America is being described she is destroyed in a surprise attack? One would be hard pressed to read these passages and not think this sounds like America? There are dozens of characteristics. This is the short version!!! Your only hope is 1st Corinthians 15:1-4 iris 
Thank you, that’s a lot of evidence. It’s looking, walking and quacking like it’s a duck, isn’t it? God bless and take care. James Staten 
Iris, I have been looking at this for over 20 years, and as we move toward Rosh Hashanah every year, I start looking up. Many bible scholars seem to believe this attack takes place around Tishri 1 on the Jewish calendar? I would hope not, BUT. Blessings, James iris 
I agree. Although Jesus said that we can’t know the exact day or hour, He also told us to be looking for the signs of the end of the age. In May of 2018, the reinstated nation of Israel will be 70 years old, and the fig tree has always been a symbol of Israel in the Bible. Jesus said when the fig tree blossoms in the end times (He talks about this period in 3 of the 4 gospels), those of that generation will see the end of history as we know it now. Also, all of the feasts and prophecies to do with the earthly ministry of Messiah until His return, have had fulfillment in Christ’s birth, ministry, death, resurrection and Pentecost (Shavuot). The Feast of Tents, Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur are still outstanding, and I think it’s highly probably that He’ll return on one of the days associated, especially Rosh Hashanah, since there is more than one shofar sounding. The last trumpet for that one is supposed to be the long one (the last trump Paul was referring to?). 
Of course, some other things have to happen first, but the way things are moving, I wouldn’t be surprised if His return is very soon. Only Yeshua of Bethlehem will be able to split the Mt. of Olives when He returns. If I’m still here by then, I’ll know that it is Him when that happens. I also think some of these end time signs may have happened under the table and just haven’t come to light, yet. 
I read a note by a Christian mathematician (math people get it about incredible odds), who had calculated out something about fulfilled prophecy. He said that if just 8 of the over 300 prophecies regarding Messiah which Jesus has already fulfilled, could be illustrated, it would be the same as blindfolding a person, covering the entire state of Texas with a layer of quarters, marking one of them, and expecting the person to pick up the marked quarter on the first try! There are only several prophecies about Messiah which Jesus hasn’t fulfilled, and those all pertain to His second coming, thousand year reign and the great white throne judgement. 
God bless you, too! James Staten 
Iris..I do believe we are on the same page. I saw an article within the last hour that showed an Emmy type presentation recently for Abortionist, with an actor and actress presenting awards…Lord have mercy…Keep Looking Up James Staten 
GV…Let me add another few thoughts with the tragic news coming out of Florida. The Bible says that Satan comes to kill, steal and destroy. In the line of my previous comments dealing with America. There was a Pastor R A Coombes who wrote a book that many feel is a classic in the area of America the Babylon. He and I exchanged a few e-mails before he went home to be with the Lord. The last several months of his life he studied a particular area of scripture in Jeremiah 51:12. ..the Lord will send foreigners to Babylon before the day of her calamity…they will be Fanners and Winnowers who will stir up strife, and do everything to devastate the land before her Judgment. Satan hates Christians and Gays. He is an equal opportunity employer. I find it ironic that just four miles from the Pulse Nightclub, just a day or so ago a young 22 year old Christian singer was gunned down for her strong faith. More food for thought!!!! iris 
Could well be NYC, and yes, the UN is headquartered here. It looks more and more to me, like it might be the U.S. itself, but possibly the EU, or perhaps the whole global system. Things have changed drastically around the world in the last few decades. God bless. Gay Veteran 
odd article, not a word about her being a neo-con warmongering psychopath. 
when CBS interviewed her, she was asked about the death of Libyan dictator Moammar Khadafi. Her response? “We came, we saw, he died, hee, hee, hee”. She should have been put into a straightjacket and taken to the nearest mental hospital Gay Veteran 
well, well, well, war criminal loving Azazel is back with his bilge gogenhouser 
It is inconceivable that a grown man could support slick hellarrhoid, someone so wicked, so vile. Heathens, reprobates and blood suckers, they call themselves democrats. More like demoncrat. These are the people that support slick hellarrhoid. Demoncrats are without morals they are without standards ProclaimingGodsTruth 
This is what happens when a nation so richly blessed by Almighty God has dumped HIM in favor of evil and wickedness, idols and Baal worship. 
Examine our presidents and leaders over the past years – not too good where they. 
America is getting who America deserves! Without God at the helm of America we’ve had it, finished! And … you can see this happening all over and everywhere – economy, financial, our now a “mixed” military, crime, societal, trade, EBT recipients, weather, drought, etc. 
Bottom-line: Unless this nation repents from the top down, I believe America as the great nation and superpower it once was is finished. 
Example from OT – Ancient Nineveh; the Prophet Nahum went there and preached repentance. They told him to get lost! Nineveh was destroyed approx 50 yrs later. Think God’s kidding … think again! lonebear 
She is the epitome of evil. You can see it written all over her face. I can hardly stand to look at her Preacher62 
Casting pearls before swine is definitely condemned. watchmannonthewall 
Perhaps the division of the nation is simply a picture of what the leaders of this nation have tried to do to Israel, and many people either support them or stand aside? Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. Does God live by His own rules? 
Recall that the scripture mentions at least twice, the kings of the Medes were bound to abide by their own Law. Darias had to throw Daniel into the lions den and Esther’s husband could NOT revoke the decree issued to Haman to to allow his wife’s enemies to attempt to take her peoples’ lives. He had to issue a second decree to allow them the right to oppose their enemies and fight for their own lives. 
These points are in scripture because God wants us to know how He works. Not one word will return void! Gay Veteran 
you Israel Firsters need to send YOUR money to Israel watchmannonthewall 
You simply do not understand: The Israel we speak of is not the one you see or know. Gay Veteran 
the land is soaked with the blood of the children and babies your “god” ordered murdered watchmannonthewall 
If one actually reads and understands scripture, one would know that it is precisely because the children of Israel did NOT do what you are accusing them of, i.e., they refused to obey God, that the events in the Middle East over these past few years and those in FL this weekend occurred. You might want to go back and study the scripture a bit deeper. He did say to do what you said, but they didn’t! Now maybe some will finally figure out why He said to do it and be more inclined to obedience rather than to think they need to correct Him. BTW- I’m pretty sure that less than the 58 million babies who have been aborted over the last 40 years were killed then during the <7 years of war that took place until Joshua passed on. There probably weren't 20 million people in the entire ME then. Are you as incensed over the murder and bloodshed of these babies as what you think happened 3400 years ago, or do you have a different agenda? iris",0
3554,Obama Votes Against US at UN,"Obama Votes Against US at UN October 27, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Obama's abstention from a UN vote against the US is a new low for the most anti-American administration in American history. Under Obama, our foreign policy has been reoriented toward damaging our own interests as much as possible. But actively opposing US policy at the UN is a new low. 
The resolution A/RES/71/5 is on the ""Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba"". 
It was introduced at the request of Cuba back in '91 with a memorandum that accused America of ""pursuing an aggressive policy against Cuba with the declared aim of imposing on it the political, social and economic order which the united States authorities consider most fitting. This policy has included direct military intervention, the threat of nuclear annihilation, the instigation and carrying out of countless acts of sabotage and plans to assassinate Cuban leaders."" 
As Obama's creepy toady Ben Rhodes tweeted, ""No reason to vote to defend a failed policy we oppose."" 
Except the failed policy is that of the United States. By ""we"", Rhodes means that Obama and the left aren't going to defend the United States in international forums when they disagree with the US. 
All this is yet another reminder that the people running the country are not of the country. They're a hostile foreign ideology that sees itself as separate from the United States and does not believe it has any responsibilities toward the United States. 
At the UN, Samantha Power took the anti-American positions to applause from a UN united with Obama against America. 
""For more than 50 years, the United States had a policy aimed at isolating the government of Cuba. For roughly half of those years, UN Member States have voted overwhelmingly for a General Assembly resolution that condemns the U.S. embargo and calls for it to be ended. The United States has always voted against this resolution. Today the United States will abstain. [Applause.] Thank you. "" 
This is treason.",0
3555,"Great Barrier Reef Hit by Worst Coral Die-Off on Record, Scientists Say - The New York Times","SYDNEY, Australia  —   Scientists surveying the Great Barrier Reef said Tuesday that it had suffered the worst coral   ever recorded after being bathed this year in warm waters that bleached and then weakened the coral. About   of the   coral on the reef’s previously pristine,   northern stretch is dead, the scientists said. Only a cyclone that reduced water temperatures by up to three degrees Celsius in the south saved the lower reaches of the   reef from damage, they added. On some atolls in the north, all the coral has died, said Prof. Terry Hughes, the director of the ARC Center of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies at James Cook University in Townsville, in the eastern state of Queensland. Professor Hughes and a team of scientists drew their findings from about 900 dive surveys along the length of the reef in October and November. “The good news is that in the south, only about 1 percent of the reef’s coral has died, and the mortality rate in the middle is about 6 percent,” Professor Hughes said. Vibrant color has returned to that coral, and the reef there is in good condition, he added. “But in the north, mortality rates are very high, and in some places where coral has survived but it has weakened, the per capita predation rate has gone through the roof,” he said. Masses of Drupella snails could be seen swarming around and eating the remaining healthy coral, he said. The bleaching was the third such event known to strike the reef, which extends along almost the entire eastern coast of Queensland and is listed as a natural World Heritage Site by the United Nations. Steven Miles, Queensland’s environment minister, called the bleaching a tragedy. “In the north we have a very high coral death rate,” Mr. Miles said at a news conference in Brisbane, the state capital. “The tragedy of this is that the northern sections were the sections least impacted by human impacts, and to see those sections,   of the northern section, dead is catastrophic. ” However, he said, the reef “is a very big system, and the mortality rate varies substantially. ” Mr. Miles and the federal environment minister, Josh Frydenberg, who also oversees energy policy in Australia, said Friday that 45 million Australian dollars, about $33. 6 million, would be provided to improve water quality and reduce sediment runoff. That announcement precedes a government report, due to be submitted to the United Nations by Thursday, on the health of the reef and the government’s management of threats to it. In May 2015 the United Nations stopped short of putting the reef on an “in danger” list, but it warned that climate change, water pollution and the effects of coastal development were all detrimental. “The government has a staunch commitment to conserving this amazing natural asset,” Mr. Frydenberg said in a written statement on Friday. Some scientists and environmental advocates have criticized the government’s efforts to protect the reef, saying they have fallen far short. They have also pointed to a seeming contradiction in the wishes of the Queensland government to protect the reef even as it pushes ahead with plans to develop the Carmichael coal mine, the country’s biggest, which lies less than 200 miles inland in the Galilee Basin. “Spending $45 million to improve water quality on the reef is like putting a   on a person who has cancer,” said William Steffen, a climate scientist at the Australian National University College of Medicine, Biology and Environment. As custodian of the reef, the government has an obligation to manage one of the world’s greatest natural wonders, Dr. Steffen said. “It is nonsense to think we can open up a new coal mine and think we are going to save coral reefs. ” This month, Australia ratified the Paris climate agreement to limit pollution to stop the Earth’s warming by more than 1. 5 to 2 degrees Celsius above preindustrial levels, or 2. 7 to 3. 6 degrees Fahrenheit. Environmentalists have unsuccessfully tried to block the development of the enormous mine. Other countries have pledged to reduce the use of fossil fuels, which contribute to global warming. Burning coal is a major cause of greenhouse gas emissions. Coral in the north was “cooked” as water temperatures rose about two degrees, Professor Hughes of James Cook University said. “That coral did not bleach and die slowly. ” Coral in slightly cooler waters bleached more slowly, expelling the tiny algae that give it its color. If the water then cooled quickly enough, the algae returned to recolonize the coral, which recovered. Cyclone Winston, which passed over Fiji in late February before dissipating as it hit the coast of Queensland, brought a change in water temperatures that helped preserve the coral at the south end of the reef. Mr. Frydenberg said Friday that about 22 percent of the entire reef’s coral had died after the bleaching event. But he added that coral cover had increased around 19 percent in the years leading up to it, a figure that Professor Hughes disputes. “The Great Barrier Reef is very resilient and quite strong,” Mr. Frydenberg said in an email on Tuesday. “The Australian and Queensland governments have a Reef 2050 plan, which will see $2 billion invested over the next decade in order to improve the health of the reef. ” Greg Torda, a coral researcher at James Cook University, said the biodiversity of the reef had been severely compromised in some regions because flat, or tabletop, and branching corals had died. These corals provide structure for small fish to hide from predators. “Bigger boulder corals, some hundreds of years old, provide light and shade for fish in reef habitats,” Dr. Torda said. “Reefs are structurally very complex, and all shapes on the reef provide important diversity. ” Reefs that are damaged tend to flatten out, losing habitat and then species diversity over decades. “We will have a reef in 30 years’ time, but the species along the reef are already shifting,” Professor Hughes said. “And we are already seeing less diversity. ”",0
3556,"Top aide: Hillary ‘still not perfect in her head’, Wikileaks","Email 

In an email released by Wikileaks, top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin seemed to express concern for the health of her boss. 
“She’s going to stick to notes a little closer this am, still not perfect in her head,” Abedin told Podesta and others in a discussion on messaging to reporters about a Jeb Bush Super PAC. 
It appears that Abedin wasn’t the only person concerned about Hillary’s health. 
In an email dated September 26, 2015, John Podesta asked Jennifer Palmieri, “How bad is her head?” 
Palmieri responded, “Don’t know.” 
A post at Heat Street observed: 
Hillary Clinton suffered a “cracked head” (her words) after suffering a fall in December 2012. Many have speculated about her health since that episode, and questions grew louder in September of this year when Hillary was caught on tape nearly collapsing at a 9/11 memorial event in Manhattan. 
After initially blaming the health scare on “dehydration,” the campaign was forced to acknowledge the candidate had been diagnosed with pneumonia. 
“It was unclear whether Abedin was referring to a serious ailment,” the New York Post added. 
In January 2016, Breitbart reported: 
Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton’s disappearance from the debate stage last month left people speculating that the former First Lady took a long bathroom break, but now a law-enforcement source with inside connections is alleging that Clinton was missing from the stage due to health issues stemming from a previous brain injury. 
These long-lasting symptoms stemming from a concussion and blood clot, according to a neurologist, suggest Clinton is suffering from post-concussion syndrome, which can severely impact her cognitive abilities. 
Source: conservativefiringline.com",0
3557,F.B.I. Arrests Volkswagen Executive on Conspiracy Charge in Emissions Scandal - The New York Times,"The F. B. I. has arrested a Volkswagen executive in Florida, accusing him of playing a central role in a broad conspiracy to keep United States regulators from discovering that diesel vehicles made by the company were programmed to cheat on emissions tests. The executive, Oliver Schmidt, a German who is the former top emissions compliance manager for Volkswagen in the United States, was arrested on Saturday by investigators in Florida on a charge of conspiracy to defraud the United States. He is expected to be arraigned on Monday. The arrest of Mr. Schmidt is an escalation of the criminal investigation into emissions cheating by Volkswagen and comes amid talks between the company and the United States Justice Department about what penalties the carmaker should accept as part of a settlement. After a study by West Virginia University first raised questions over Volkswagen’s diesel motors in early 2014, Mr. Schmidt played a central role in trying to convince regulators that excess emissions were caused by technical problems rather than by deliberate cheating, Ian Dinsmore, an F. B. I. agent, said in a sworn affidavit used as the basis for Mr. Schmidt’s arrest. Mr. Schmidt deceived American regulators “by offering reasons for the discrepancy other than the fact that VW was intentionally cheating on U. S. emissions tests, in order to allow VW to continue to sell diesel vehicles in the United States,” the affidavit said. Mr. Schmidt continued to represent Volkswagen after the company admitted in September that cars were programmed to dupe regulators. He appeared before a committee of the British Parliament in January, telling legislators that Volkswagen’s behavior was not illegal in Europe. Lawyers representing Mr. Schmidt did not respond to requests for comment late Sunday. Officials at the Justice Department also declined to comment, as did an F. B. I. spokesman in Detroit. In a statement, Jeannine Ginivan, a spokeswoman for Volkswagen, said that the automaker “continues to cooperate with the Department of Justice” but that “it would not be appropriate to comment on any ongoing investigations or to discuss personnel matters. ” A Volkswagen spokesman in Germany also declined to comment. Lawsuits filed against Volkswagen by the New York and Massachusetts state attorneys general accused Mr. Schmidt of playing an important role in the carmaker’s efforts to conceal its emissions cheating from United States regulators. In 2014, when California air quality officials began an investigation of Volkswagen emissions, Mr. Schmidt was general manager of Volkswagen’s Engineering and Environmental Office based in Auburn Hills, Mich. For more than a year, he and other Volkswagen officials repeatedly cited false technical explanations for the high emissions levels, the authorities said. In September 2015, Mr. Schmidt and other Volkswagen officials formally acknowledged the existence of a   defeat device that allowed Volkswagen cars to cheat emissions tests. Volkswagen’s   and belated confession angered officials from the California Air Resources Board and the Environmental Protection Agency, and it is likely to have vastly increased the cost to the company from the scandal. It has already agreed to pay $16 billion to owners of diesel vehicles and will probably have to pay several billion dollars more in fines. Volkswagen eventually said that it had fitted 11 million diesel cars worldwide with illegal software that made the vehicles capable of defeating pollution tests. The software enabled the cars to sense when they were being tested for emissions and turn on   systems to curb emissions at the cost of engine performance. But those controls were not fully deployed on the road, where cars spewed nitrogen oxide at up to 40 times the levels allowed under the Clean Air Act. James Liang, a former Volkswagen engineer who worked for the company in California, pleaded guilty in September to charges that included conspiracy to defraud the federal government and violating the Clean Air Act. But Mr. Schmidt’s arrest brings the investigation into the executive ranks. The arrest came as Volkswagen and the Justice Department neared a deal to pay more than $2 billion to resolve the criminal investigation into the emissions cheating. The company or one of its corporate entities is expected to plead guilty as part of the deal. The settlement could come as early as next week, barring any   hiccups, according to people with knowledge of the negotiations. The German automaker has been eager to put the Justice Department investigation behind it before   Donald J. Trump is sworn in on Jan. 20. American prosecutors had traveled to Germany in recent months to interview Volkswagen executives, according to German prosecutors. The criminal case against Volkswagen, and the potential guilty plea, set it apart from other recent auto industry investigations. In settlements with General Motors and Toyota over their handling of safety defects, for example, the companies agreed to pay large fines but did not plead guilty. Prosecutors are also mulling criminal charges against Takata, the Japanese manufacturer under criminal investigation for its defective airbags. Volkswagen has already agreed to pay up to nearly $16 billion to resolve civil claims in what has become one of the largest consumer   settlements ever in the United States, involving half a million cars. Under the settlement, most car owners have the option of either selling their vehicles back to Volkswagen or getting them fixed, provided the automaker could propose a fix that satisfied regulators. The scandal has affected many Volkswagen and Audi models, including the Audi A3 and Volkswagen Beetle, Golf, Jetta and Passat diesel cars.",0
3558,"Aid and Attention Dwindling, Migrant Crisis Intensifies in Greece - The New York Times","NEA KAVALA, Greece  —   As her young children played near heaps of garbage, picking through burned corn cobs and crushed plastic bottles to fashion new toys, Shiraz Madran, a    mother of four, turned with   eyes to survey the desolate encampment that has become her home. This year, her family fled Syria, only to get stuck at Greece’s northern border with Macedonia in Idomeni, a town that had been the gateway to northern Europe for more than one million migrants from the Middle East and Africa seeking a haven from conflict. After Europe sealed the border in February to curb the unceasing stream, the Greek authorities relocated many of those massed in Idomeni to a camp on this   agricultural plain in northern Greece, with promises to process their asylum bids quickly. But weeks have turned into months, and Mrs. Madran’s life has spiraled into a despondent daily routine of scrounging for food for her   children and begging the authorities for any news about their asylum application. “No one tells us anything  —   we have no idea what our future is going to be,” she said. “If we knew it would be like this, we would not have left Syria,” she continued. “We die a thousand deaths here every day. ” Seven months after the European Union shut the doors to large numbers of newcomers, Greece remains Europe’s de facto holding pen for 57, 000 people trapped amid the chaos. Many are living in a distressing limbo in sordid refugee camps on the mainland and on Greek islands near Turkey. A year after the world was riveted by scenes of desperate men, women and children streaming through Europe, international attention to their plight has waned now that the borders have been closed and they are largely confined to camps.   sentiment has surged since last year in many countries, especially as people who entered Europe with the migrant flow are linked to crimes and, in a few cases, attacks planned or inspired by the Islamic State or other radical groups. Neither the prosperous nations of Western and Northern Europe, where the refugees want to settle, nor Turkey, their point of departure for the Continent, are living up to their promises of help. In visits to four camps around Greece  —   on the island of Lesbos, on the northern Greek mainland and outside Athens  —   migrants already seared by conflict and poverty voiced common concerns about inadequate food and health care. They grappled with squalid living conditions, fears over their children’s health and education, and the psychological toll of living in constant uncertainty. “We came from a war and now we’re in a slower war,” said Malek Haj Mohamed, 23, who fled with her brother Yasir from Raqqa, a Syrian city where the Islamic State has taken hold. “Even if 1, 000 children died here, people in Europe wouldn’t know about it,” she said. “Why did they close the borders when we need safety?” A group of children chimed in. “We run from Daesh,” said Ahmed, 10, using the Arabic term for the Islamic State. He grabbed one of his playmates. “Look, this is Daesh!” he said, bending the boy over and pretending to cut his head off. The ranks of those in limbo are most likely to grow despite a deal to resolve the crisis that took effect March 20 between the European Union and Turkey. While the number of migrants entering Greece has dwindled from nearly 5, 000 a day last year, hundreds have started crossing the Aegean Sea again after the July 15 coup attempt in Turkey. Few of the resources pledged by the European Union to assist the asylum seekers and process their applications have actually come through, leaving the Greek authorities struggling to cope with a daunting humanitarian and logistical challenge that has fallen from view in the rest of Europe. European Union member states have sent just 27 of the 400 asylum specialists and 24 of the 400 interpreters they had agreed to provide to process claims for refugees like Mrs. Madran. So far, 21, 000 migrants have been registered for asylum 36, 000 have not. A union plan to ease Greece’s burden by relocating tens of thousands of asylum seekers to the Continent has also fizzled, with European countries taking less than 2, 300 people. The bottlenecks have overwhelmed many of the camps, especially on the Greek islands, where migrants arriving after the March 20 deal are supposed to be held until being deported to Turkey. That program has stalled because of legal challenges and because Greece must process each asylum application first. So far, 468 of the more than 10, 000 people who have arrived since the deal took effect have been returned. Turkish monitors assigned to assist were fired by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey after the coup attempt against him. One result is that on Lesbos, the main landing point for dinghies arriving from Turkey, the Moria refugee camp is brimming with Syrians, Afghans, Eritreans, Pakistanis, Kurds and others who landed after the accord. While the camp is organized by the Greek military and police, and filled with humanitarian aid workers, it has grown increasingly overcrowded amid a backlog of asylum claims and bids to enter the European Union relocation program. As in Nea Kavala, migrants in Moria had no clue about their status. “We just wait and we don’t know what to do,” said Abdullah Jalali, 40, an Afghan who had been stuck for five months. His family was crammed with 30 other people, including 11 babies, into a tiny container shelter. Nearby, Pakistani migrants lived outside beneath tarps held up with metal parking barriers  —   dark cages in the baking sun. Mr. Erdogan has set off further alarms by hinting that the European Union deal could collapse by October should Europe fail to uphold a part of the bargain to grant Turkish citizens   travel to Europe. The situation is critical enough that Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece met with his cabinet on Thursday in Athens to discuss how to handle a renewed migrant surge. For those who had been languishing in Greece even before the deal, Europe’s political tug of war threatens to make a precarious situation worse. Those who have money are continuing to turn to smugglers for passage to Germany or the Nordic countries. Some Syrians who fled violence for a haven in Europe have decided to return rather than face an indefinite stay in the camps. In Nea Kavala, many of the nearly 3, 000 migrants have struggled to adapt to their new world, a filthy,   wasteland built atop an abandoned airfield. Women looked after scores of children playing on an asphalt runway, and swatted flies from babies’ faces. Men chopped wood to make fires for cooking in tin drums. In some areas, the   earth was scorched black where tents had burned when the fires got too near. Nearby, at the Softex camp near the northern Greek city of Thessaloniki, the situation was hardly better. Hidden in an industrial park along a   road busy with trucks, a gravel expanse gave way to an abandoned factory filled with migrants. Behind it, rows of dilapidated green tents stood in the shadow of a gas plant that belched smoke in the sweltering heat. Children with runny noses and mosquito bites smiled sweetly and clung to visitors, taking them by the hand and beckoning them to inspect the sordid alleyways between the tents. Almost no one had been processed for asylum. And some worried that recent attacks in Germany by two Syrian refugees would lead Europe to turn them all away. “They are making us look like bad men, thugs, like Daesh,” said Ali Rahmeh, 58, from Syria. “We are not Daesh. We are human beings, and we’re talking about human rights. ” Even migrants housed in better conditions wavered between hope and despair. One hour southeast of Athens, 400 migrants, mostly Syrians, stay in bucolic wooden cabins under swaying pine trees near the sea off the coast of Cape Sounio. A former government vacation camp, it was closed during Greece’s economic crisis, but reopened recently to house refugees. With a volleyball court, a space for cultural activities and a makeshift school, there are plenty of activities as people wait. Still, Hussein Alkhatib, 28, from Damascus said: “Our life is stuck. You have no job, no training, nothing. ” He and the others were expecting an appointment for a relocation interview, which the Greek authorities said would come sometime in September via text message. As a result, people scanned their cellphones constantly, and tried to keep busy in the meantime. “Some people are starting to say, ‘Let me die now,’” said Mohammed Mohammed, 23, from Syria, a smart man with a business administration degree, who filled his time working as a translator. “Yes, we are lucky to be here. But this is not our home. We don’t want it to be our home. ”",0
3559,Sneakers for That Sprint Down the Aisle - The New York Times,"Brides who once may have looked forward to walking down the aisle dressed to the nines are now bouncing down it dressed to the eights, or maybe a seven and a half (narrow). Many wedding guests this summer may glimpse sneakers under traditional gowns. And not just plain white tennis shoes. Some are brightly colored, others are embroidered with names and dates, or decorated with beading or lace to match the dress. Ronnie Rothstein, an owner of Kleinfeld Bridal in New York, thinks the bridal sneaker is not so much a fashion statement as a lifestyle statement, with fashion in general being more casual these days. And pairing sneakers with wedding dresses fits with the overall easing of dress codes, at work and at leisure. Millennial women in particular are about comfort. “If a girl wears jeans to work, she’s wearing sneakers to the wedding,” Mr. Rothstein said. The fashion industry is helping by making sneakers as glamorous as possible. At a Karl Lagerfeld 2014 haute couture collection, a model wore white running shoes with a bridal gown. Now brides have an expanding choice of comfortable yet stylish sneakers from sources like Etsy, Bill Blass online, Keds and Converse. Tory Burch is also showing   sneakers, and there are   Chuck Taylors, if the bride is looking for height, said Cathy Schroeckenstein, the editor in chief of weddingbee. com. “You have to assume you’ll be on your feet for 12 to 15 hours on your wedding day,” Ms. Schroeckenstein said, and “most women are not comfortable in high heels. ” Mr. Rothstein said that in his workrooms, 17 people bead dresses and now also embellish many pairs of sneakers each week with beads or lace to match the gowns. “If the dress is heavily embellished, the sneakers get the same embellishment,” he said. In 2012, when Cassandra Arellano was married in Rancho Cucamonga, Calif. “I really thought I would wear gorgeous heels, and since I was engaged for two years I had plenty of time to search for them,” she said. “But I couldn’t find the right ones, and then I thought anyway they would kill my feet. So I said, forget it. How cute would it be if I wore purple Converse sneakers?” Mrs. Arellano ordered her shoes online from Converse. She said that the 100 guests couldn’t see them under her long dress until she got onto the dance floor and showed off her footwear. Jennifer Contreras was wearing customized Converse sneakers when she was married in June 2014 in San Diego. “I wanted to be comfortable,” she said, something her mother was all for. The shoes were hidden under her dress at first. “No one sees your shoes until you show them off,” she said. ”The back of my shoes was embroidered with ‘Mrs. Contreras. ’” All of her bridesmaids wore gray Converses. And the groom wore sneakers from Vans. “My husband isn’t super tall, and in heels I am taller than he is,” she said. But for Randy Fenoli, a host on the TLC show “Say Yes to The Dress,” a pair of sneakers with a wedding dress is appalling. “They depreciate your look and the look of the gown,” he said. “Wedding gowns are not for comfort. PJs are for comfort, sweatsuits are for comfort. Sneakers are a  . ” “Walking in heels is so much sexier,” he said. “Sneakers make you walk flat. Call me  . I’m a traditionalist. At some point you just have to say no. ” Marshall Cohen, the chief retail market research analyst with the NPD Group, disagreed. “It’s about, ‘This is my day,’” Mr. Cohen said, speaking for the brides. Lisa Blanck wore heels down the aisle when she was married two years ago in Detroit, just to feel like a lady, she said. But right after the ceremony, she changed into blue Nike sneakers that her husband, Peter Ehrlich, had bought for her. The invitation called for black tie, but she wasn’t the only one dancing in comfortable shoes. Her mother, her father, his groomsmen and even their cantor all wore sneakers at the insistence of the bridal couple. Before the wedding, Mr. Ehrlich, who collects Nike sneakers as a hobby, had sent an email to their friends that read, “Nikes welcome. ” Converse, Keds or Nikes are reasonably priced, but there are few limits on what a bride can choose to spend on personalized sneakers. At Kleinfeld Bridal,   customized sneakers that coordinate with a Mark Zunino gown can cost up to $800. But, Mr. Rothstein said, if the dress costs thousands of dollars, spending hundreds on the shoes is just part of the package. Mr. Zunino, who has a line of dresses at Kleinfeld, said, “Girls are used to wearing sneakers all the time now. ” Keds offers two lines of bridal sneakers. “We launched the lines because of customer interest,” said Emily Culp, the chief marketing officer at Keds. “Our custom line can be personalized with initials and dates. ” Some women are ordering complete sets of custom shoes for themselves and their bridesmaids, Ms. Culp said. And sometimes the sneakers are coordinated with the color of the flowers. “It’s one of those moments when people want to show their individuality and moxie,” Ms. Culp said. “It gives them a feeling of empowerment. It’s about expressing who you are. ” Mothers of some brides are not on board with this look. When Chantalle Crolly, a kindergarten teacher and graphic designer in Ontario, Canada, was married in a backyard there in July 2015, she said, her own mother had a hard time with the nontraditional elements of the wedding  —   like her shoes. “I wore a big custom ball gown with sneakers,” she said. She had her married name embroidered on the back of her fluorescent pink Converses. “They were bright and happy and comfortable,” Ms. Crolly said. She admitted to being influenced by a lot of what she sees on Pinterest and other websites, and agreed that there is a generational shift at work here. “I rely 100 percent on social media,” she said, referring to her personal style. Sandra Corona has an Etsy shop called NewBrideCo, where she sells embellished sneakers. “It’s usually the     and they want to enjoy every moment,” Ms. Corona said, pointing out that brides don’t want their day ruined by sore feet. Darcy Miller, an editor at large of Martha Stewart Weddings, said: “Some brides don’t necessarily want to be wearing stilettos on the beach or on soft grass. They want to be comfortable for all that running around  —   and dancing, of course. Brides are always wanting to put their personal stamp on their wedding and showing their personal style, so here’s an opportunity to do that. ” Ms. Miller said that sometimes brides use the sneakers to tie a theme together by having the rest of the wedding party wear pairs in a certain color while hers are white or a bright color to flash under her dress. And,   scenario, if the bride is of the runaway variety, at least she’ll have the aprropriate footwear.",0
3560,Prosecutors: Rape Suspect Replicated Scenes from Violent Porn Videos,"A rape suspect reportedly watched several hours of violent pornography each day and used it as inspiration for his crimes, Kansas prosecutors say. [Jacob Ewing is accused of replicating scenes from seven porn videos he watched when he allegedly raped two women. A judge ruled that the videos are permitted to be used as evidence in his trial, the Kansas City Star reported.  “Apparently, portions of the videos depict acts that [Ewing] is said to have replicated himself upon the witnesses,” Jackson County District Judge Norbert Marek wrote in his ruling. “The relevance of this evidence could prove motive, intent, preparation, plan, knowledge or identity. ” Ewing “chose video after video” of women being raped or assaulted, which investigators say they discovered when they looked through his online browsing history, prosecutor Jacqie Spradling wrote in court documents. Ewing allegedly raped one woman in September 2014 and another in May 2016. Court papers describe how Ewing watched the violent porn videos within 45 days of the second rape he allegedly committed. Spradling filed a motion that said there is evidence that Ewing watched four hours of violent porn a day on average, including scenes where women were strangled and forced to eat vomit, the Topeka   reported. Ewing’s attorney said the footage is “highly, highly prejudicial” against her client and argued that the footage should not be used as evidence. Ewing faces multiple charges, including rape, aggravated sodomy, and battery. Marek previously declined a motion for similar evidence to be used against Ewing in a trial last month, where Ewing was acquitted of a separate case involving the sexual assault of a    girl. Ewing faces multiple trials for separate sexual assault cases scheduled in June, August, and October. He remains in jail but pleaded not guilty to each of the charges against him.",0
3561,"If Hillary Is Not Guilty, Then Why Are Her Supporters Asking Obama To Pardon Her? Hmm…","  If Hillary Is Not Guilty, Then Why Are Her Supporters Asking Obama To Pardon Her? Hmm… ""Hillary Clinton has not been tried, but there are those who want to drag her for the next three years. It will not stop until they find a reason to put her in jail. That would be a travesty.""""It would be a monumental moral mistake to pursue the indictment of Hillary Clinton,"" Jackson said. He said issuing the pardon could help heal the nation, like Ford's pardon of Nixon did.   16, 2016 Speaking at President Gerald Ford’s alma mater, The Rev. Jesse Jackson called for President Obama to issue a blanket pardon to Hillary Clinton before he leaves office, just like Ford did for Richard Nixon. 
Stopping short of saying Clinton did anything wrong , Jackson told a large crowd of University of Michigan students, faculty and administrators gathered at daylong celebration of his career that Obama should short-circuit President-elect Donald Trump’s promised attempt to prosecute Hillary Clinton for use of a private e-mail server. 
“It would be a monumental moral mistake to pursue the indictment of Hillary Clinton,” Jackson said. He said issuing the pardon could help heal the nation, like Ford’s pardon of Nixon did. Would Obama pardon Clinton before he leaves office? 
“President Ford said we don’t need him for trophy. We need to move on. President Nixon wasn’t convicted of a crime. He didn’t apply for a pardon. (Ford) did it because he thought it would be best for the country. “Hillary Clinton has not been tried, but there are those who want to drag her for the next three years. It will not stop until they find a reason to put her in jail. That would be a travesty.” 
In 1974, Ford, a University of Michigan alumnus, issued a full and complete pardon of Nixon for any crimes he may have committed. He said the pardon was in the best interests of the nation. 
Jackson’s comments came at the end of a long day in Ann Arbor, which included him dropping in on an anti-Trump rally held by students on campus. Jesse Jackson: Obama should pardon Hillary Clinton 
Jackson comes to a campus that is full of strife over race. Numerous racist flyers have been posted and students have alleged they have been attacked because they are Muslim or a minority. There have been anti-Trump marches on U-M’s campus, along with campuses across the nation. A large demonstration marched through a series of U-M buildings even while Jackson was speaking. 
Students “are growing up in an America that is in an identity crisis,” Jackson said. “These demonstrations are born out of fear. Fear that the Klan will ride again. Fear that violence (against minorities) is coming back. 
“In this election, voters voted for fear. I think hope will defeat hate, but it’s a battle.” In a conversation with the Free Press at the beginning of the day, he blamed Trump for the environment of fear. 
Donald Trump saw an America that was a dry field, and instead of watering it to get the grass growing again, he threw a lit match on it, Jackson said. 
Now it’s up to Trump to take action, Jackson added. 
“The one who set the field afire must be the one to put it out,” he told the Free Press in a one-on-one interview. “He had the option to pour water on it (the dry field) and let it grow. He didn’t do that — he chose to light it on fire. One of my concerns is that we see the division in America now because of that. We see classmates, roommates in a conflict over the way the campaign turned out. 
“He knows Mexicans didn’t take jobs from us. It was the corporations. He knows you can’t deport 15 million (immigrants). It’s not just about the adults, but also about the children who were born here, grew up here and go to school here.” 
Jackson told students not to give up the struggle. 
“Students, don’t let them take your hope. Deep water doesn’t drown you. You drown because you stop kicking. There is a tug of war for the soul of America. Do we want to be an aristocracy or a democracy? To be silent is to betray your conscience. You must not be silent in the face of violation of human rights.” source SHARE THIS ARTICLE  ",0
3562,Kansas House Narrowly Upholds Governor’s Veto of Medicaid Expansion - The New York Times,"TOPEKA, Kan.  —   The   Kansas House of Representatives voted narrowly on Monday to uphold Gov. Sam Brownback’s veto of a bill to expand Medicaid, ending a quest that came improbably close to succeeding in this deep red state despite Mr. Brownback’s unyielding opposition. In spite of a torrent of phone calls and   pleas from constituents over the weekend, and   lobbying by hospital leaders who said that expanding Medicaid would help save a number of rural hospitals from closing, the vote was 81 to 44, three short of the   majority needed for an override. The effort to expand Medicaid to cover 150, 000 additional   people in Kansas had been closely watched nationally, in part because it came just after President Trump and Republicans in Congress tried and failed to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Success might have provided momentum in some of the other 18 states that have not yet expanded Medicaid under the health law to cover far more   adults. While two Republican lawmakers who had originally voted against expanding Medicaid switched sides and voted to override, two others who had supported the expansion bill when it passed the House in February voted to sustain the veto. One of them, Representative Clay Aurand, a Republican from Belleville, said he hoped Kansas could find a way to expand Medicaid in “a more   way. ” Supporters of the expansion had argued that it could save lives and jobs. “We have the ability to help people who truly need it the most,” Representative Cindy Holscher, a Democrat from Olathe, told her colleagues. “We have the ability to make a decision today that will save lives  —   not just one, but potentially thousands. ” Representative Susan Concannon, a Republican from Beloit and a leading proponent of the expansion bill, said, “What we know most of all is that if we do this, it will prevent closures of hospitals. ” Opponents of expansion questioned whether Kansas could afford it, expressed doubts about whether the federal government would continue to pay for most of it if the health care law eventually is repealed, and suggested the promised benefits to rural hospitals were overstated. Mr. Brownback vetoed the measure almost as soon as it reached his desk on Thursday, saying that the cost to the state would be “irresponsible and unsustainable,” and that it would be “unwise” to expand Medicaid while President Trump and Congress were still vowing to repeal the Affordable Care Act. He also said the bill was unacceptable because it did not include a work requirement for beneficiaries of the Medicaid expansion. While the federal government has never allowed states to require that people have jobs in order to receive Medicaid, the Trump administration has hinted that it may. Some   states are considering asking for changes to their Medicaid programs that could reduce recipients, including work requirements, premiums and even lifetime limits on Medicaid coverage. The vote in Kansas came five months after an election in which moderate Republicans and Democrats replaced a number of conservatives in the Legislature, breathing new life into an effort that had stalled for years. The House of Representatives voted 81 to 44 in February to expand Medicaid. The Senate followed last week with a    vote health committees in both chambers heard often emotional testimony from uninsured Kansans and from medical providers. The Affordable Care Act originally required all states to expand Medicaid to all adults earning up to 138 percent of the federal poverty level, but the Supreme Court ruled that states could opt out if they wished. Still, the law has played a major role in reducing the number of Americans without health insurance, with about 11 million   adults gaining coverage in the 31 states that have chosen to expand the program. In the 19 states that have not expanded Medicaid  —   including some of the biggest, such as Florida and Texas  —   millions of   people are stuck in a “coverage gap,” earning too much for Medicaid under their states’ stringent guidelines but too little to qualify for subsidized coverage through the Affordable Care Act marketplaces. David Jordan, executive director of Alliance for a Healthy Kansas, an advocacy group that formed last year to push for expanding Medicaid, said supporters were not giving up. “The problem of 150, 000 Kansans not having access to health care doesn’t go away,” he said.",0
3563,Comment on 10 Presidents & Politicians Who Told Us That A “Secret Government” Controls The World & What They Said by 10 Presidents & Politicians Who Told Us That A “Secret Government” Controls The World & What They Said - Upside Down Media,"  “ The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society . Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country. We are governed, our minds are molded, our tastes formed, our ideas suggested, largely by men we have never heard of. ” – Edward Bernays (“the father of public relations”), Propaganda , 1928 (note that Bernays’ book, Propaganda , begins with the above quote).   If you told somebody 10 years ago that there existed some sort of secret group or “secret government” pulling the strings behind the scenes of government policy, international law, various global rules/regulations, and more, they would have called you a “conspiracy theorist.” Today things have changed, largely as a result of information leaked by Edward Snowden, Julian Assange, and various other whistleblowers and activists in recent years. Their bravery has shed light on the world of secrecy that’s been blinding the masses since its inception. I’ve mentioned this before, and I’ll mention it again, did you know that the U.S. Government classifies more than 500 million pages of documents each year? Did you know that the United States has a history of government agencies existing in secret? For example, the National Security Agency (NSA) was founded in 1952, but its existence was hidden until the mid 1960’s. Even more secretive is the National Reconnaissance Office, it was founded in 1960 but remained completely secret for 30 years. Then we have the entire black budget world, a world dominated by secrecy that was officially revealed by Edward Snowden a couple of years ago. This deals with what are known as “Special Access Programs.” It’s not just statements that these “high-level” people are making. It’s all of the proof and evidence that goes along with it. ***You can read more about the black budget HERE *** Canadian Defence Minister Paul Hellyer Former Minister of National Defence, Paul Hellyer, is one of Canada’s best known and most controversial politicians. He was first elected in 1949, and was the youngest cabinet minister appointed to Louis S. St. Laurent’s government eight years later. He held senior posts in the governments of Lester B. Pearson and Pierre E. Trudeau. He achieved the rank of senior master (Deputy Prime Minister), and went on to become the Canadian Defence Minister. He is best known for the unification of the Canadian Armed Forces, and in September 2005 he became the first person of cabinet rank in the G8 group of countries to state unequivocally that “UFOs are as real as the airplanes flying overhead.”   Here’s what he had to say about the world of secrecy: It is ironic that the U.S. would begin a devastating war, allegedly in search of weapons of mass destruction, when the most worrisome developments in this field are occurring in your own backyard. It is ironic that the U.S. should be fighting monstrously expensive wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, allegedly to bring democracy to those countries, when it itself can no longer claim to be called a democracy, when trillions, and I mean thousands of billions of dollars have been spent on projects about which both the Congress and the Commander in Chief have been kept deliberately in the dark. ( source ) The 28th U.S. President Woodrow Wilson Woodrow Wilson, an American academic, politician, and the 28th president of the United States, had this to say (among other things) in his book The New Freedom . The book also contains several other, similarly eye-opening statements: Since I entered politics, I have chiefly had men’s views confided to me privately. Some of the biggest men in the United States, in the field of commerce and manufacture, are afraid of somebody, are afraid of something. They know that there is a power somewhere so organized, so subtle, so watchful, so interlocked, so complete, so pervasive, that they had better not speak above their breath when they speak in condemnation of it. ( source ) The 35th U.S. President John F. Kennedy Here’s what JFK had to say in one of his most famous speeches: The very word “secrecy” is repugnant in a free and open society; and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths and to secret proceedings. We decided long ago that the dangers of excessive and unwarranted concealment of pertinent facts far outweighed the dangers which are cited to justify it. Even today, there is little value in opposing the threat of a closed society by imitating its arbitrary restrictions. Even today, there is little value in insuring the survival of our nation if our traditions do not survive with it. And there is very grave danger that an announced need for increased security will be seized upon by those anxious to expand its meaning to the very limits of official censorship and concealment. That I do not intend to permit to the extent that it is in my control. … For we are opposed around the world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covert means for expanding its sphere of influence–on infiltration instead of invasion, on subversion instead of elections, on intimidation instead of free choice, on guerrillas by night instead of armies by day. It is a system which has conscripted vast human and material resources into the building of a tightly knit, highly efficient machine that combines military, diplomatic, intelligence, economic, scientific and political operations. Its preparations are concealed, not published. Its mistakes are buried, not headlined. Its dissenters are silenced, not praised. No expenditure is questioned, no rumor is printed, no secret is revealed. ( source ) John C. Calhoun, 7th Vice President of The United States John C. Calhoun was the 7th Vice President of the United States, from 1825-1832. He was also a political theorist during the first half of the 19th century. Here’s what he had to say: A power has risen up in the government greater than the people themselves, consisting of many, and various, and powerful interests, combined into one mass, and held together by the cohesive power of the vast surplus in the banks. ( source ) This quote reminds me of a great clip from the Thrive documentary by Foster Gamble, heir to the Proctor Gamble corporation. He was groomed for the establishment, but chose a different path. New York City Mayor John F. Hylan John F. Hylan was Mayor of New York City from 1918-1925. He has been famously quoted as saying: The real menace of our Republic is the invisible government, which like a giant octopus sprawls its slimy legs over our cities, states and nation … The little coterie of powerful international bankers virtually run the United States government for their own selfish purposes. They practically control both parties … [and] control the majority of the newspapers and magazines in this country. They use the columns of these papers to club into submission or drive out of office public officials who refuse to do the bidding of the powerful corrupt cliques which compose the invisible government. It operates under cover of a self-created screen [and] seizes our executive officers, legislative bodies, schools, courts, newspapers and every agency created for the public protection. ( source )( source ) Senator William Jenner A United States senator who said this to Congress in 1954: Today the path to total dictatorship in the U.S. can be laid by strictly legal means … We have a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state … It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government … This ruthless power-seeking elite is a disease of our century… This group … is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts. It is practically irremovable. ( source ) Senator Daniel K. Inouye Inouye was the highest ranking Asian-American politician in United States history, serving the democratic party from 1963 until his death in 2012. There exists a shadowy government with its own Air Force, its own Navy, its own fundraising mechanism, and the ability to pursue its own ideas of the national interest, free from all checks and balances, and free from the law itself . ( source ) 34th U.S. President And 5 Star General, Dwight Eisenhower In his farewell address to the nation, president Eisenhower offered these words of caution: In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists, and will persist. … Only an alert and knowledgeable citizenry can compel the proper meshing of the huge industrial and military machinery of defence with our peaceful message and goals. ( source ) This speech is relevant to share here, because the disastrous rise of misplaced power within the military industrial complex has indeed occurred… Benjamin Disraeli, First British MP The world is governed by very different personages to what is imagined by those who are not behind the scenes. ( Coningsby, Book 4, Chap. 15. ) – Page 131 26th U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt President Roosevelt revealed this information: Behind the ostensible government sits enthroned an invisible government owing no allegiance and acknowledging no responsibility to the people. ( source ) The list of quotes is very large and could fill a number of pages, so I will stop there. 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
3564,Fox News’s Convention Moment Overshadowed by Struggle Over Ailes’s Fate - The New York Times,"CLEVELAND  —   This was supposed to be Fox News Channel’s big week, a time to flex its muscles and flaunt its ratings dominance as the   media king of the Republican National Convention. Instead, the cable news network has been buffeted by a whirlwind of speculation and the specter of a public relations debacle as serious doubts were raised about whether its   and chairman, Roger Ailes, would remain at the helm of the network. It started with a report by New York magazine on Monday saying that Rupert Murdoch and his sons, Lachlan and James  —   the three men who sit atop Fox News’s corporate parent, 21st Century Fox  —   had come to the conclusion that “Ailes needs to go,” after accusations of sexual harassment by a former anchor, Gretchen Carlson. (Ms. Carlson filed her lawsuit on July 6, after her contract was not renewed in June. Mr. Ailes has vehemently denied the accusations.) The article was followed 90 minutes later by a terse statement from the company: “This matter is not yet resolved and the review is not concluded. ” That chilly comment set off alarm bells at Fox News and in the television industry at large for what it did not say. The only previous public comment by 21st Century Fox took care to note that Mr. Ailes had its “full confidence” and that he had “served the company brilliantly over the last two decades. ” And, roughly two weeks after Ms. Carlson filed her lawsuit, interviews with people inside and outside the network  —   none of whom would speak for attribution  —   indicated a struggle within Fox News and 21st Century Fox over Mr. Ailes’s fate, which now hinges on the findings of the law firm retained to investigate the accusations, Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton  Garrison. In initial interviews with Fox News staff members, investigators for Paul, Weiss turned up disconcerting findings about the omnipotence of Mr. Ailes. Some people felt pressured to publicly support him in a climate that could intimidate others into silence, according to a person briefed on the early stages of the investigation. In addition, a campaign inside Fox News to rally support for Mr. Ailes included an   article from the Fox Business Network anchor Neil Cavuto in Business Insider, in which he vouched for Mr. Ailes’s character and said that the accusations being made against him were “sick. ” Mr. Cavuto holds senior vice president and managing editor titles at Fox News Channel and Fox Business Network, and his comments could be seen as chilling to anyone who was considering stepping forward with sensitive allegations. Mr. Cavuto, who wrote the article while recuperating from   surgery, said in an interview that the implication had not dawned on him. “I had no Machiavellian motive or sinister intention,” he said. “My only point was just to say this doesn’t ring with the guy I know,” he said, adding that he had worked with Mr. Ailes closely for decades. “It was so far from what I had seen  —   as if I would ever condone that behavior. ” Several other Fox News Channel stars have come out in support of Mr. Ailes, including the anchors Greta Van Susteren, Harris Faulkner and Martha MacCallum. On Monday, Brit Hume, the longtime Fox anchor, speaking outside the Fox News production studios here, said, “It’s inconceivable to me that any conclusions could have been reached at this stage. ” Mr. Hume has spoken publicly in support of Mr. Ailes since the suit was first filed. The idea of Fox News without Mr. Ailes is difficult to fathom. As the network   his personality is ingrained in the network’s brash approach to the news, which he has described as an antidote to a biased mainstream news media. That his future is now in doubt represents a fundamental change in his unassailable status at the top of the    network. Ms. Carlson, 50, filed her lawsuit on July 6, saying she was ousted from her weekday afternoon show on Fox News after rebuffing sexual advances from Mr. Ailes, 76, and complaining about harassment. Ms. Carlson accused Mr. Ailes of ogling her in his office and calling her “sexy. ” Her description of sexual harassment and retaliation was followed by accounts from other women who say Mr. Ailes acted inappropriately in professional settings between the   and the late 1980s. But in voicing support for Mr. Ailes, several of his defenders questioned Ms. Carlson’s motives and wondered why she waited until her contract was not renewed to file a sexual harassment lawsuit. Mr. Ailes was unequivocal in his response on the day Ms. Carlson’s lawsuit was filed. “Gretchen Carlson’s allegations are false,” he wrote in a statement. Fox News has been the No.   cable news station for 15 years, and represents about 20 percent of all profits for 21st Century Fox. Until now, it was widely assumed that Fox News’s profitability would help ensure Mr. Ailes’s position atop the network. Now the company has made it clear that what it calls the “matter” involving Mr. Ailes is bigger than corporate earnings.",0
3565,O’Keefe Videos Really Are Clinton’s Watergate,"By wmw_admin on October 27, 2016 John Derbyshire — The Unz Review Oct 22, 2016 Democratic operative (and ex-convict) Robert Creamer Watergate , anyone? What brought it to mind was this news story from CNN: Dem[Ocrat] Operative “Stepping Back” After Video Suggests Group Incited Violence At Trump Rallies . [October 18, 2016] Relevant quote from the story: “Democracy Partners called O’Keefe’s video a ‘well-funded, systematic spy operation that is the modern day equivalent of the Watergate burglars.’” What’s this all about? Let me take it a piece at a time. Democracy Partners is a progressive consultancy group. Their website says they offer “cutting edge strategies for progressive values … We tell stories, create narratives, use powerful symbols.” The word “progressive” here of course means Cultural-Marxist : Hostile to everything customary and traditional, hostile to law enforcement and national sovereignty, globalist, open borders, anti-white, radical feminist, the whole CultMarx package. One of the partners in Democracy Partners, and instrumental in founding the outfit, is a chap named Robert Creamer . He’s married to Jan Schakowsky, who represent s Illinois’ 9th District in Congress —that’s the northern districts of Chicago . Robert Creamer is an ex-con: Back in 2005 he served five months in federal prison for check kiting and tax evasion. [ Congresswoman’s husband pleads guilty to two felonies , USA Today, August 31, 2005] Creamer is the guy in the headline, who is “stepping back.” What he’s stepping back from: involvement in work that Democracy Partners is doing for Mrs. Clinton’s election campaign, paid for by the DNC, the Democratic National Committee. They’ve been advising and helping Mrs. Clinton. So why is he stepping back? Well, conservative activist James O’Keefe—the one who exposed the ACORN community-organizer group back in 2009 —had sent people to Democracy Partners posing as potential donors and wearing hidden video cameras. O’Keefe got footage of Creamer explaining his dirty tricks to O’Keefe’s people under the illusion they were sympathetic listeners. Creamer explains, for example, how he gets around voter ID laws t o register illegal aliens as voters. Along with Democracy Partners, and I think reporting to them as a subcontractor, is a different outfit, the Foval Group. This group doesn’t have a website, and in fact seems to be a one-man operation with a business card. The one man is Scott Foval, who has also been working on the Clinton campaign. I’m not totally clear about the chain of command here, but Foval was employed by, or contracted to, Americans United for Change , another CultMarx outfit of the ACORN type. O’Keefe ran the same sting operation against Foval, and recorded some juicy quotes about his methods for advancing the Clinton cause: fomenting violence at Trump rallies, for example, and even hiring mentally ill people to get the violence started. Americans United for Change fired Foval this week after O’Keefe’s videos went online. Below, Donald Trump speaks out against the violence–violence he witnessed at his rallies, and threatens legal action. Mrs. Clinton and the DNC are feigning indignation over all this, and the Main Stream Media is of course covering for them. It’s hard to argue with the video-recorded evidence, though. The best they can come up with is that the video has been “ selectively edited ” —as if all video isn’t selectively edited . Now back to the quote from CNN that I started with: “ Democracy Partners called O’Keefe’s video a ‘well-funded, systematic spy operation that is the modern day equivalent of the Watergate burglars.’ ” So the crime here, equivalent to the Watergate burglary, was to sting these DNC contractors into revealing their methods. The crime, please note, is not the methods themselves—paying homeless people to start violence at Trump rallies, registering illegal aliens to vote—that’s not the crime. The crime, according to Democracy Partners, is deceiving people into talking about those methods on-camera . Got it? Now here’s the punchline. Robert Creamer—the guy who’s stepping back from assisting the Clinton campaign, the guy who did time for a federal felony conviction, the guy boasting about registering illegal aliens—this Robert Creamer has been a frequent visitor to the White House. How frequent? Very, very frequent. From November 2009 to June this year, Creamer visited the White House 340 times.[ Robert Creamer Visited Obama’s White House 340 Times , by Jen Lawrence, Breitbart, October 19, 2016]That’s an average of once a week, every week for six and a half years. Forty-five of those visits were for meetings with Obama, average seven times a year. I bet there are cabinet officers who don’t get that much time with Obama. I am now going to say the obvious thing: If we were in a Republican administration, and a Black Ops guy like Creamer was making weekly visits to the White House for six years, and then was caught on tape bragging about his illegalities, that would be front page news for months . Like … Watergate . Instead, while the Main Stream Media have dutifully reported the story (NYT: Videos Put Democrats on Defensive About Dirty Tricks ) I shall be very surprised if we hear any more about it from them after, oh, I’ll guess, this weekend. And don’t look for any law enforcement agencies wanting to know “what did John Podesta know and when did he know it?”—much less what Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton knew. In last week’s Radio Derb I reported on a survey out of Chapman Universit y about what Americans fear. Way up at the top of the list, with 61 percent of respondents declaring themselves afraid or very afraid of it, was government corruption. I’m with that 61 percent. So is Mark Steyn. On Wednesday this week, before that evening’s debate, Mark posted a column titled “ Laws are for the Little People .” [SteynOnLine, October 19, 2016] It’s an absolute tour de force , Mark Steyn at his polemical best. If I could make every adult in the country read it, I would. Mark declares up front that, quote, “for me the overriding issue in American politics is the corruption,” end quote. He then runs through the recent shenanigans at the FBI, including the latest news about the bureau and the State Department trading favors. He goes from there to the rise of Donald Trump. The energy behind that rise, says Mark, was widespread public outrage at how the political class, as exemplified by Mrs. Clinton, sets itself above the laws that we humbler folk have to obey. It’s all in their interests, says Mark; it’s all for them: Consider illegal immigration, for example, which pre-Trump was entirely discussed in terms of the interests of the lawbreakers —how to “bring them out of the shadows ,” how to give them “a path to citizenship ,” celebrate their “ family values ” and “work ethic”—and never in terms of the law-abiding, whose wages they depress, whose communities they transform, and, in too many criminal cases, whose lives they wreck.[Links added] Mark then excoriates the feebleness, stupidity, and occasional treachery of the Republican Establishment. The indifference from influential conservatives towards both naked corruption of our political class and the despair of the rest of us is, he says, deeply disturbing. It’s a brilliant piece, and I strongly recommend it to your attention. For a 2,000-word summary of what’s wrong with our Republic, and the prospects for doing anything about it, I don’t see how it could be improved on. Equality under the law, for the mighty and the humble alike, used to be a bedrock principle in our system. As Mrs. Clinton might put it: That’s Who We Were. It’s not Who We Are any longer, as her career illustrates all too plainly. Just a footnote to that. Going back to last week’s segment about what we fear, a listener reminds me of a classic line on that from one of Burt Reynolds’ movies. So what are you scared of, Burt? Clip : Burt: “Only two things in the world I’m scared of.” Ned Beatty: “You’re only scared of two things? What’s that?” Burt: “Women and the po-lice.” That was back in 1973, when the Watergate break-in—which didn’t even make any money for anyone!—was considered an outrageous blight on our political system. Even with that in the news, I doubt you could have got 61 percent of people to declare themselves afraid of government corruption. Of women and the po-lice , I don’t know …",0
3566,AT&T Secret Spy Program Unveiled: Project Hemisphere,"By Ryan Banister
Project Hemisphere, a secretive program developed by AT&T, searches trillions of call records in order to analyze cell phone data, spying on the activity of private individuals in order to identify who they are speaking with and why, as well as GPS tracking on the location of each individual connected to the call, and it transmits this information to the Department of Justice (DOJ).
In 2013, Project Hemisphere was shown in a PowerPoint presentation produced by the Drug Enforcement Administration. The New York Times reported this as a partnership between AT&T and the DOJ, primarily deployed for drug-enforcement task-forces. All information collected in this program is accessible to the federal agencies authorized by the DOJ.
AT&T specifically developed and marketed this product for use by the DOJ, who would promise hundreds of millions in funds on behalf of taxpayers, using the taxpayers’ own money to spy on their every move. This is an invasion of privacy without a warrant. This is a federal spy program by proxy, working through corporations.
AT&T promises law enforcement that it will not disclose Project Hemisphere’s involvement in active investigations that are made public. AT&T is is attempting to lower liability for their customer and limit scrutiny to information transmitted to federal agencies through their network.
While it should not be surprising that your cell phone company is working with bureaucrats to collect incriminating evidence on you, there is a staggering number of people who still carelessly use their cell phone as if the information being transmitted through the device will be kept private.
News flash! It’s never been private. They have always wanted to use your information as a product to sell to the highest bidder. Your data is their product, and you are paying them to take it from you.
Video Report: 
Source: The Daily Sheeple
Via: Activist Post 
",0
3567,FBI Agent Accuses James Comey Of ‘Trampling On The Rule Of Law’,"Washington, D.C. 20535-0001 
Sir, 
I am writing regarding your public statement in July, 2016 informing the American people that the FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton was being closed without referring it to a Federal Grand Jury or the Attorney General of the U. S. for a decision whether or not to indict her. Strangely, you eloquently laid out enough of the evidence deduced from the investigation to strongly indicate there was abundant evidence uncovered during the investigation and interview of her to not only indict but to convict her in Federal Court. However, you personally re-worded and soft-pedaled the actions she took as Secretary of State describing her actions as “extremely careless” in using a personal email and un-secured server for her communications while Secretary of State. You rewrote the statute, which is not your job. 
As a retired Special Agent of the FBI, I have standing to write this letter. My thirty years in law enforcement, including 22 years as a Special Agent with the FBI have given me the knowledge, expertise and experience to question and confront you for your perplexing actions, which (as you well know) were outside the normal standard operating procedure of the FBI and Federal judicial procedures. Some of the finest people in the world proudly carry the credentials of FBI Agent and you have soiled them and not allowed them to speak. But I will not be silent. 
Sorry, but NO SIR, MS Clinton was not merely careless or extremely careless. She was not even negligent or grossly negligent (as the statute requires). Hillary Clinton was knowingly purposeful in her decisions and actions to set up a server under her exclusive control and possession in order to control what information was available to the American public and Congress regarding her actions as Secretary of State. Furthermore, she took those government owned communications into her personal possession after leaving her position and knowingly and willingly attempted to destroy them so her nefarious actions could never be known or used as evidence of her corrupt moral character against her. 
Sir, what possessed you? Did you cave in to political pressure to unilaterally come to this decision? I fear that is the case, and Rule of Law be damned. I am embarrassed for and ashamed of you. You have set a precedent that can never be rectified… and certainly not justified. Shame on you, Sir. You ought to resign right now in disgrace for what you have done to tarnish the reputation of the finest Law Enforcement Agency in the world… for entirely political reasons. 
Normally, an investigation will be assigned to an agent, or team of agents with one being the Case agent, or the lead investigator. When the investigation is complete, an investigative report will be presented to the U.S. Attorney for the Federal District involved. It would be the U.S. Attorney who decides whether to decline prosecution for that investigation… NOT the FBI agent. But in the Clinton investigation, YOU (unilaterally) decided not to forward the investigation to the U.S. Attorney or the Attorney General of the U.S., but instead personally made the decision not to prosecute her or even provide the information to a Federal Grand Jury. You were wrong to take this upon yourself. 
Sir, in order to indict a subject, only a preponderance of evidence, or 51% is needed for probable cause to exist. You did not think even that level of probability existed? Who do you think you are fooling? What judicial proceeding did you think you were following? 
Throughout my years with the FBI, I (along with my fellow agents) took great pride in conducting each investigation in an unbiased manner regardless of the subject’s position or standing in the community. 
All were treated equally under the law. But you, Sir, decided to allow this corrupt, evil and nasty human being to go free and unchallenged for her treasonous actions (yes, treasonous, in my opinion) which threatened the security of this nation. Furthermore, you stopped short of investigating the Clinton Foundation as a RICO case (Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Organization. This is a RICO case ifthere ever were one. Even an untrained person can tell from the communications which were recovered that Hillary Clinton spent more time working for the Clinton Foundation while Secretary of State than on State Business. It may be argued that Hillary did not do any State business UNLESS the Clinton Foundation benefitted. You decided to just let this uncomfortable truth alone without addressing it. 
I will conclude with this: Following my retirement from the FBI, I volunteered for a 12 month tour of duty in Afghanistan as a Law Enforcement Professional, embedded with U.S. forces as a subject matter expert in counter-terrorism investigations. For most of that year I operated “outside the wire” patrolling with the troops, interviewing witnesses to IED incidents and gathering evidence on the bad guys. The results of my work would then be reported through secure channels to the Commanding Officer. All reports and communications were required to be transmitted via secure and encrypted devices. Occasionally my remote location in the mountains of Afghanistan made transmission impossible and I would have to fly back to Bagram Air Base in order to securely report to the Commander of the battle space. It would have been convenient if I could have just called the Commander on my personal cell phone or written him an email on my personal laptop. But, had I done so I would have been reporting classified information via an unsecured device and it could have been compromised. These were, relative to Secretary of State communications, low level classifications of Secret. Had I ever sent even one in such a manner I would have been prosecuted and sent to Federal Prison for 20 years or so. That is how serious this violation is considered. 
Now, because of you, Hillary Clinton is allowed to continue her RICO activities and is running for President of the United States, the most powerful position in the world. You have trampled on the Rule of Law and destroyed the trust of the American people in the FBI and in unbiased enforcement of the law. How do you sleep at night? It is time for you to go and work for the Clinton Foundation. 
Sincerely,",0
3568,"Trump Kicks African-American Protester Out Of North Carolina Rally, Calls Him A ‘Thug’","Wed, Oct 26th, 2016 at 9:02 pm The comment came hours after Trump promised a ""new deal for black America.' Share on Twitter Print This Post 
After pretending he cared about earning the votes of African Americans, Donald Trump kicked a black man out of a rally in North Carolina on Wednesday, calling him a “thug” while doing so. Protester escorted out of rally. Trump to protester: “Were you paid $1,500 to be a thug? Were you paid? You can get him out.” pic.twitter.com/jukUj4yuBH 
— Bryan Anderson (@BryanRAnderson) October 26, 2016 
Trump’s insulting and racially tinged rhetoric came hours after he was in Charlotte reaching out to the African-American community and promising a “new deal for black America” if elected president. 
The Republican nominee has insulted African-American voters throughout much of the campaign, often calling their communities “hell” and claiming they only live in areas riddled with crime and crumbling schools. 
Of course, in true Trump form, he didn’t just use tasteless rhetoric insulting to the African-American community at his rally. He also took a shot at Syrian refugees. Trump in Kinston, NC: “The refugee program would leave us with generations of terrorism, radicalism and extremism inside our shores” 
— Ashley Killough (@KilloughCNN) October 26, 2016 
If you’re keeping score at home, African Americans who stand up to Trump’s offensive campaign message are “thugs” and Syrian refugees who come to the United States – in most cases women and children simply seeking a better life – are terrorists who will do damage to our country for “generations.” 
A man who has such disdain for so many Americans has no business being President of the United States.",0
3569,Bengals CB Adam Pacman Jones to Cops During Arrest: ’I Hope You Die Tomorrow’ - Breitbart,"LANGUAGE WARNING]  TMZ Sports released video of Cincinnati Bengals cornerback Adam “Pacman” Jones’ arrest from earlier this month, and the    had some harsh words for his arresting officers. Jones was booked on misdemeanor charges of assault, disorderly conduct and obstructing official business, but picked up another charge of resisting arrest, as well as a felony charge of harassment with a bodily substance for spitting on a jail nurse. In the video from the police car, Jones can be heard telling the officer, “Suck my d***. ” “I hope you die tomorrow,” he later added. Jones continued to berate the cop, calling him a “b****” and “n****. ” He is due back in court February 10. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
3570,"Jobs Roar Back With Gain of 287,000 in June, Easing Worry - The New York Times","Quashing worries that job growth is flagging, the government on Friday reported that employers increased payrolls by 287, 000 in June, an arresting surge that could reframe the economic debate just weeks before Republicans and Democrats gather for their conventions. The official unemployment rate did rise to 4. 9 percent, from 4. 7 percent, but that was largely because more Americans rejoined the work force. And average hourly earnings ticked up again, continuing a pattern of rising wages that brought the yearly gain to 2. 6 percent. “Wow, this one takes my breath away,” said Diane Swonk, an independent economist in Chicago. An unexpectedly grim employment report in May combined with Britain’s vote to leave the European Union had fanned wider concerns that the American economy was in danger of stalling. During its meeting last month, the Federal Reserve unanimously decided to postpone increasing the benchmark interest rate. But the latest Labor Department report, Ms. Swonk said, gives the Fed “a cushion” to consider a bump in rates later this year. Financial markets rallied on the announcement, with the Standard  Poor’s   index gaining 1. 5 percent to end the day just short of the record close it recorded last year. But the political response was relatively muted, in deference to the shootings of police officers in Dallas. Both presidential candidates canceled campaign events, and the presumptive Republican nominee, Donald J. Trump, tweeted that he had postponed a scheduled speech on economic opportunity. At the moment, though, the Democrats are best poised to take advantage of the positive employment news. Lynn Vavreck, a professor of political science at University of California, Los Angeles, said that when it came to presidential elections, the economic trend was more important than any particular number. “As long as it’s going in the right direction,” she said, “that’s a good sign for the incumbent party. ” Concerns persist about the vitality of the economic recovery, which reached the   point this month. And perhaps nothing highlights the reality that every monthly jobs report provides only a fleeting and incomplete picture more than the giddy swing between May’s revised gain of 11, 000 and June’s 287, 000. (A strike by more than 35, 000 Verizon workers had artificially held down May’s totals.) Still, Friday’s report, showing the largest single monthly job expansion since October 2015, helped whisk away some of the cloudiest forecasts. The   average of monthly gains rose to 147, 000, after taking into account the Labor Department’s revised estimates that showed 6, 000 fewer jobs were created in April and May than previously reported. June’s figures will be subject to two more revisions. “This report should ease any fears that a persistent slowdown or recession is coming soon in the U. S.,” said Dean Maki, chief economist at Point72 Asset Management. “The service sector is where the real strength is, with 256, 000 hires. But the gains were widespread across sectors. ” Mr. Maki pointed out that the vigorous report was in line with several other encouraging signs. New claims for unemployment benefits have stayed at   levels. Consumer spending is strong. The manufacturing and service industry indexes have jumped. And the number of unfilled jobs, 5. 8 million in April, is at a record since the survey began. Hillary Clinton, the Democratic   has emphasized the steady economic improvements during President Obama’s two terms and the steep decline in the jobless rate from the recession’s peak of 10 percent. While acknowledging the economy “isn’t yet where we want it to be,” Mrs. Clinton has argued that the United States is “stronger and better positioned than anyone in the world. ” She has endorsed a higher minimum wage, expanded paid leave, more money for job training and a   infrastructure plan. Many Americans, though, particularly those with fewer skills and less education, have yet to enjoy the recovery’s rewards. Their   discontent with the economy has been repeatedly voiced by Mr. Trump, who has opposed what he calls “job killing” trade deals. He has promised to impose high tariffs as a way of reversing the decline in manufacturing jobs, and to deport immigrants. There are other weak spots. Republicans can point out that real median household income is lower than it was a decade ago. And a broader measure of unemployment that includes discouraged job seekers, as well as those who would prefer to work full time instead of part time, is still nearly twice the official jobless rate, despite ticking down to 9. 6 percent in June. The proportion of people employed or actively looking for work has also been dragging along at low levels, suggesting that more people would return to the work force if desirable jobs were available. Tom Perez, the labor secretary, conceded there was “still a lot of work to do. ” Unemployment for   for example, whose jobless rate is typically about twice that of white Americans, rose last month to 8. 6 percent from 8. 2 percent. But Mr. Perez said that the   job growth across sectors showed that the economy was resilient. Though the jobless rate, which is based on a separate survey of households, rose in June, it “went up for a good reason,’’ Mr. Perez said. ‘‘We’ve got more people looking for work and   the work force. ” The tighter labor market is nudging up wages. David Lukes, chief executive of Equity One, a commercial real estate investment company, is one of several employers who said they had increased salaries and benefits to retain current staff members and attract new ones. “I’ve had the troubling experience of losing good employees,” said Mr. Lukes, who has offered perks like flexible hours and stock incentives to keep the competition at bay. “Reward programs are much more important than they were three, four and five years ago. ” He said that for the kind of workers he was looking for  —   administrators, sales representatives, accountants, paralegals, construction managers  —   the labor pool is not that deep. Given that the jobless rate has consistently been at 5 percent or lower since last fall, several economists argue it is time to adjust the benchmarks for what is labeled a strong or weak report. “There’s no question that job growth is significantly slower today than it was one or two years ago,” when the average monthly gain routinely topped 200, 000, Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at Glassdoor Economic Research said. “But that is to be expected at this point in the economic cycle. ” Taking account of the growing numbers of retiring baby boomers and the population growth, a monthly gain of 75, 000 to 100, 000 jobs is sufficient to keep the unemployment rate steady, Mr. Maki at Point72 Asset Management said. Ian Siegel,   and chief executive of ZipRecruiter, which aggregates job postings and distributes them to job seekers, said that demand was down from the peaks of 2015, but hiring was still strong in health care and warehousing. Skilled workers in particular have more employment options. “I travel all over the country and everywhere I go, I sit down with C. E. O.s and ask them what their No. 1 problem is,” Steve Rick, chief economist at CUNA Mutual Group, which provides insurance and financial services for credit unions nationwide, said. “They say, ‘Just finding qualified people, from a teller to a mortgage home officer. ’”",0
3571,"Donald Trump, John Glenn, Oakland: Your Thursday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1.   Donald  Trump’s latest stop on his victory tour was a rally in Des Moines. The event came a day after tapping Iowa’s governor, Terry Branstad, to be ambassador to China. Mr. Trump is facing criticism for lashing out at an Indiana union local president who accused Mr. Trump of lying about saving jobs at the Carrier plant in Indianapolis. _____ 2. Mr. Trump  named Andrew Puzder, above, a   executive and critic of the minimum wage, as his choice for labor secretary. Democrats are promising a thorough vetting process of the candidates Mr. Trump has nominated for cabinet positions  —   like that of Scott Pruitt, an ally of the fossil fuel industry, to run the Environmental Protection Agency. Here’s a look at what a Trump administration could do to influence climate change. _____ 3. “This is all uncharted territory. ” That’s the feeling in America’s auto industry, which expects to be reshaped by the Trump administration. A chief concern is Mr. Trump’s threat of tariffs on the millions of vehicles sold in the U. S. each year that were built in Japan, Korea and other countries. _____ 4. John Glenn, above center, who was hailed as a national hero after becoming the first American to orbit Earth, died on Thursday. He was 95. Mr. Glenn also had a   career as a U. S. Senator from Ohio. In his final Senate term, he got his wish to return to orbit and, at 77 years old, was the oldest person to go into space. _____ 5. South Korean lawmakers are expected to vote on Friday on a motion to impeach President Park   over a corruption scandal. Here are the accusations against her. As the protests against her have grown, Ms. Park has mostly dropped from public view, appearing only to make televised apologies. “My heart is crushed,” she said in one. Most Koreans say Ms. Park brought the disgrace on herself, but in some cities, she is seen as an innocent victim of a scandal. _____ 6. President Hassan Rouhani of Iran has signed a wave of oil deals with Asian and European energy companies in recent weeks. “Our officials are in a rush to sign contracts with big oil companies in order to have leverage when Trump enters the White House,” said an economist with close ties to the government. _____ 7. A watchdog group in Britain said it found hundreds of accusations of police sexual abuse in England and Wales over the two years through the end of March. Among those targeted were victims of domestic abuse, drug and alcohol addicts and people who work in the sex industry. _____ 8. When 36 people died in an inferno at a converted warehouse in Oakland, Calif. last week, we deployed a team of journalists to investigate it and document the stories of a community reeling from the country’s worst structural fire in a decade. Instead of revealing our findings in an article at the end of our reporting, we’ll be telling you what we learn as we learn it. Email us at oaklandfire@nytimes. com if you have suggestions on what we should explore. _____ 9. The world’s tallest land animal is on the verge of extinction. The giraffe population has declined by 40 percent over the past 30 years, according to a new report by an international monitoring group. Illegal hunting and the loss of habitat are being blamed. _____ 10. Finally, we told you yesterday about our film critics’ favorite movies of the year. Now, let’s review the year’s great performers  —   in movies, at least. Among those featured in our magazine’s newest issue: Emma Stone, Ruth Negga, above, Viola Davis, Denzel Washington, Don Cheadle. “I love the movie magic of no longer seeing an actor  —   or especially a star  —   but a person,” said one of our critics. Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
3572,How Donald Trump Turned the Tax Code Into a Giant Tax Shelter - The New York Times,"Now we know: Donald J. Trump racked up losses so huge in the early 1990s that he wouldn’t have had to pay federal or New York State income tax on nearly a billion dollars in income. None of this seems to have made the slightest dent in Mr. Trump’s opulent lifestyle over the years. At the nadir of his personal financial crisis in the early 1990s, his lenders put him on a monthly  “budget” of $450, 000 in personal expenses  —   more than enough to sustain his lifestyle of lavish homes, private jets, country clubs and golf courses  —   even as he was using the tax code to avoid paying any federal income tax. It’s hard to imagine a starker contrast with the vast number of Americans who struggle to both pay taxes and make ends meet, or a more damning indictment of a tax code that makes that possible. “If it wasn’t clear before, it is now: The tax code is tilted toward the rich in its statutory framework, its exceptions, and in how it is enforced and administered,” said Steven M. Rosenthal, a real estate tax specialist and senior fellow at the   Tax Policy Center. “The American public,” he said, “needs to wake up and send a message that the tax code should be written to generate revenue and enforced to collect it, not to favor wealthy real estate developers and other special interests and their lobbyists. ” If Mr. Trump’s pattern of generating losses and using them to offset other income has continued, as seems likely, it’s obvious why he has not released his tax returns: not because he is being audited, or because the returns are too complicated, but because he hasn’t paid any taxes. The latest revelations, in an article published by The New York Times, make a “compelling” case for more disclosure, said Michael Knoll, professor of law and real estate at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. “If his loss was so massive that he didn’t pay federal income tax for 15 to 20 years, that’s surprising. It’s even more surprising that someone in that situation would run for president. ” Even if Mr. Trump was correct when he asserted that he only took advantage of what the law allows, such a huge loss undermines one of his central campaign themes, which is that he is an astute and successful businessman. Given the size of the loss that Mr. Trump reported, “it’s clear he was a spectacularly disastrous businessman,” Mr. Rosenthal said. Douglas   an economist who served as director of the Congressional Budget Office and is now president of the American Action Forum, a conservative   advocacy group, agreed: “It’s either a unique combination of bad luck or he’s a terrible businessman or both. I don’t understand how you can lose a billion dollars and stay in business. ” All of this makes it even more imperative that Mr. Trump disclose more tax information, including more current returns as well as earlier returns that would explain how, by 1995, he had a huge operating loss carried forward from earlier years that approached a billion dollars. “This absolutely strengthens the case for disclosure,” Mr. Rosenthal said. “A loss of that magnitude raises all kinds of red flags. ” Mr. Trump’s records indicate that there was an attached statement that explained the net operating loss being carried forward. “That’s so tantalizing,” Mr.   said. “I’d love to see that statement. ” Mr. Trump, of course, is free to release it. It would probably answer many questions about the source of the losses. It would also help explain whether these were legitimate business losses or “accounting gimmicks and abusive tax shelters,” as Mr. Rosenthal put it. There are a number of accounting tactics that Mr. Trump might have used to generate such a huge loss, some of them considered highly aggressive and of dubious legitimacy, accounting experts said. Given the dire state of Mr. Trump’s businesses at the time, he might have been able to record   of assets under a doctrine known as “abandonment,” an aggressive accounting tactic used when an investor walks away from a worthless or nearly worthless asset and writes off the entire capital investment in the property. There is also the question of Mr. Trump’s debt. Mr. Trump personally guaranteed $832 million of debt related to his casinos and other assets. Under tax code provisions available to real estate developers, he could take the full amount as a deduction even if he didn’t invest a dime of his own money. Ordinarily, that deduction would be recaptured when the debt was forgiven or the underlying assets sold. If the debt were forgiven, Mr. Trump would have to report that as income. But there are various exceptions. If Mr. Trump was insolvent at the time  —   if his debts exceeded his assets  —   he might have avoided having to report the forgiveness of debt as income. Of course, if that was the case, it further undermines his claims to being an astute businessman. There are other provisions, too, that might have allowed Mr. Trump to deduct the loans but never have to report them as income. Real estate developers are also uniquely able to realize losses as soon as they occur, but defer gains, often indefinitely, through such tactics as   exchanges. “It’s heads Trump wins, and tails the government loses,” Mr. Knoll said. Large as the loss was, Mr. Trump didn’t even need to use any of his loss   in 1995. As I previously suggested, he was also able to use the tax breaks available to active real estate developers to report a loss of nearly $16 million from “rental real estate, royalties, partnerships, S corporations, trusts, etc. ,” which are the forms in which Mr. Trump holds most of his assets. Mr. Trump’s records show that he used that loss to offset his ordinary income. Mr. Trump reported $3. 4 million in business income, $7. 4 million in interest and a paltry $6, 000 in wages and salaries, all of it sheltered from tax by his loss. The rest of us can’t do that, unless we fit the narrow criteria for active real estate developers. “There’s probably no special interest that’s more favored by the tax code than real estate,” Mr. Rosenthal said. In examining the   tax reforms of 1986, he found “all these   for real estate interests. ” “It’s a monument to lobbying and the influence of real estate” interests, he said. Mr.   added: “It’s unbelievable. It’s due to the unique weirdness of the American love affair with homeownership,” which was used to justify these tax breaks. As Mr. Trump has said, he should be uniquely positioned to reform the system. “Mr. Trump knows the tax code far better than anyone who has ever run for president and he is the only one that knows how to fix it,” his campaign said in a statement to The Times. Hope Hicks, a Trump spokeswoman, declined to comment beyond the campaign’s earlier response to The Times. Mr. Trump hasn’t hesitated to castigate corporate executives and Wall Street money managers for taking advantage of tax loopholes, and has proposed eliminating the favorable treatment of their income, a tax benefit that pales in significance to the magnitude of his. Yet Mr. Trump chose not to release his returns, and his tax proposals would not close a single loophole that benefits him. On the contrary, he would make the tax code even more favorable to real estate developers like himself. He would lower the tax rate to 15 percent for limited liability companies and partnerships, the very entities in which Mr. Trump holds most of his assets. “He hasn’t proposed anything to address these loopholes,” Mr.   said. At the broadest level, Mr. Trump’s tax avoidance undermines the entire tax system, which rests on the foundation that every citizen pays a fair share. “Our whole system is based on voluntary compliance,” Mr. Rosenthal said. “How will people react when they see a   billionaire like Trump pays no tax? Why should they pay?” Mr. Rosenthal said it reminded him of the famous quote attributed to the hotel owner Leona Helmsley: “Only the little people pay taxes. ”",0
3573,Congress Moves to Strike Internet Privacy Rules From Obama Era - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Republican senators moved Thursday to dismantle landmark internet privacy protections for consumers in the first decisive strike against telecommunications and technology regulations created during the Obama administration, and a harbinger of further deregulation. The measure passed in a    vote largely along party lines. The House is expected to mirror the Senate’s action next week, followed by a signature from President Trump. The move means Verizon, Comcast or ATT can continue tracking and sharing people’s browsing and app activity without permission, and it alarmed consumer advocates and Democratic lawmakers. They warned that broadband providers have the widest look into Americans’ online habits, and that without the rules, the companies would have more power to collect data on people and sell sensitive information. “These were the strongest online privacy rules to date, and this vote is a huge step backwards in consumer protection writ large,” said Dallas Harris, a policy fellow for the consumer group Public Knowledge. “The rules asked that when things were sensitive, an internet service provider asked permission first before collecting. That’s not a lot to ask. ” The privacy rules were created in October by the Federal Communications Commission, and the brisk action of Congressional Republicans, just two months into Mr. Trump’s administration, foreshadowed a broader rollback of tech and telecom policies that have drawn the ire of conservative lawmakers and companies like ATT, Verizon and Charter. Republican lawmakers and the new chairman of the F. C. C. Ajit Pai, have said the privacy rules were onerous and unfairly strapped regulations on telecom carriers, but not on web companies such as Facebook and Google that also provide access to online content. “It is unnecessary, confusing and adds another   regulation,” Senator Jeff Flake, Republican of Arizona, said this month when he introduced the resolution to overturn the rules using the Congressional Review Act procedure that lets Congress overrule new agency regulations. The Senate’s vote was a victory for giant telecommunications and cable companies. The F. C. C. chairman under the Obama administration, Tom Wheeler, had declared that broadband would be regulated more heavily, by categorizing the service in the same regulatory bucket as telephone services, which are viewed as utilities. That move acknowledged the importance of the internet for communications, education, work and commerce and the need to protect online users, Mr. Wheeler had said. Under the internet privacy rules that Mr. Wheeler passed, apart from broadband providers having to ask permission to track browsing and other online activities of a user, the companies were also required to use “reasonable measures” to secure consumer data against hackers. The privacy rules were scheduled to go into effect at the end of this year Broadband providers had balked and ramped up lobbying against the rules. Comcast and other broadband providers created the lobbying group 21st Century Privacy Coalition, led by a former Federal Trade Commission chairman, Jon Leibowitz, to defeat the broadband privacy rules. “We appreciate today’s Senate action to repeal unwarranted F. C. C. rules that deny consumers consistent privacy protection online and violate competitive neutrality,” the cable industry lobby group,   Internet  Television Association, said in a statement on Thursday. With Republicans now in charge across the government, ATT and Comcast are also poised to benefit from further deregulation. Since the presidential election, the companies have pushed the new   F. C. C. lawmakers and the White House to roll back net neutrality, the requirement that broadband providers give equal access to all content on the internet, saying the rules hamper their ability to invest in new networks and jobs. The F. C. C. chairman, Mr. Pai, has also talked with Republican allies in Congress about privacy and broadband classification. Mr. Pai has already chipped away at more than a dozen regulations, including aspects of net neutrality and the program, known as Lifeline, that provides subsidies for broadband users in   households. Consumer groups warned that internet users would suffer from the changes. The Federal Trade Commission, the consumer protection agency, is barred from overseeing broadband providers, so without the F. C. C. privacy rules, the federal government will be a weaker watchdog over internet privacy, supporters of the regulations said. “Senate Republicans just made it easier for Americans’ sensitive information about their health, finances and families to be used, shared and sold to the highest bidder without their permission,” said Senator Edward J. Markey, Democrat of Massachusetts. Democrats had taken to the Senate floor on Wednesday and Thursday to warn that without the rules, broadband providers will now have free range to peer into their customers’ lives. A company like ATT or Sprint can tell the time people wake up by when they check the clock on their phone, or see where users go to lunch or whom they visit. By tracking a user’s browsing of medical websites, a carrier can also determine if that person might have an illness. The Senate’s action also signaled a philosophical shift on tech regulation. Lawmakers and Mr. Pai have said regulations should be created only when there is proof of harmful activity. They also argue that the telecom industry competes with internet firms such as Facebook and Google for access to online content, so any rules should also include those companies. Republicans have said the F. T. C. should be the watchdog for all online privacy. But Democratic regulators have said the key difference is that consumers do not have many choices for broadband access, which makes them vulnerable to data collection by internet service providers. “Subscribers have little or no competitive choice as to which provider to use,” said Terrell McSweeny, a Democratic commissioner of the F. T. C. Yet broadband providers “know our identities, and their position gives them the technical capacity to surveil users in ways that others cannot. ”",0
3574,Trump Adviser Has Pushed Clinton Conspiracy Theories - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   For Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn, who is   Donald J. Trump’s choice for national security adviser, pushing conspiracy theories about Hillary Clinton is a family affair: Both he and his son, Michael G. Flynn, have used social media to spread fake news stories linking Mrs. Clinton to underage sex rings and other serious crimes, backed by no evidence. The Twitter habits of both men are attracting renewed attention after a man fired a rifle on Sunday inside Comet Ping Pong, a Washington pizza restaurant that was the subject of false stories during the campaign tying it and the Clinton campaign to a child sex trafficking ring. Well before he joined the Trump campaign, the elder Mr. Flynn, 57, a former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, pushed unsubstantiated claims about Islamic law’s spreading in the United States and about the attack on the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya. But in his emergence this year as the angry former general out to help Mr. Trump clean up Washington, Mr. Flynn added wild stories about Hillary Clinton to his stock of unproven tales. Six days before the election, for instance, Mr. Flynn posted on Twitter a fake news story that claimed the police and prosecutors in New York had found evidence linking Mrs. Clinton and much of her senior campaign staff to pedophilia, money laundering, perjury and other felonies. “U decide,” Mr. Flynn wrote in the Twitter message on Nov. 2, though it appeared there was little doubt what he thought. The views Mr. Flynn has aired on social media, including messages that many viewed as crossing the line into Islamophobia, and his willingness to spread fake news stories had already prompted questions about his fitness to be Mr. Trump’s national security adviser. But the gunfire on Sunday was a violent turn in the debate about how fake news is reshaping the United States, and it cast a spotlight on those like Mr. Flynn who actively spread false stories about Mrs. Clinton. The hoax about the child sex trafficking ring began spreading shortly before the election, and the restaurant, its employees and nearby businesses soon found themselves subjected to threats and harassment because of it, despite a complete absence of evidence. Then on Sunday, Edgar M. Welch, 28, of Salisbury, N. C. went to Comet Ping Pong in northwestern Washington armed with a rifle. The police said he told them later that he had gone to the restaurant to “ ” the sex trafficking hoax. Mr. Welch’s violent reaction to the hoax did not appear to faze the younger Mr. Flynn: On Sunday, hours after the gunfire, he went on Twitter to say that until “Pizzagate” was proved false, it remained a story. Michael G. Flynn, 33, is more than just a relative of an incoming senior administration official. In recent years, he has served as the chief of staff to his father, who started a private intelligence and consulting business, the Flynn Intel Group, after being forced to retire from the military in 2014. Throughout the campaign, Michael G. Flynn served as a gatekeeper for his father, and he now appears to have a job with the Trump transition team. Email sent to an address at the Flynn Intel Group returned with an automated response that provided a new email contact for both Flynns, and each had a Trump transition email address that ended with . gov. The main difference in the son’s Twitter feed is that he appears to have shown even less restraint than his father when it comes to spreading conspiracy theories about Mrs. Clinton and her campaign. He used Twitter to spread others’ suggestions that Mrs. Clinton and President Obama were “at the center” of the conflict in Syria and profiting from it and that both would be tried for treason if Mr. Trump was elected. He shared a fake news story that claimed hackers had found video evidence that President Bill Clinton had raped a teenage girl. And in a Twitter message that he deleted after CNN found it in November, he questioned what was wrong with dating websites that were only for white people, saying black Americans have BET, a television network that caters largely to black viewers. Since Sunday’s gunfire at Comet Ping Pong, Michael G. Flynn has also continued to retweet messages that say the news media has sought to normalize pedophilia. His father, in contrast, has kept a lower profile since the election. He has not given interviews  —   he did not respond to requests for comment on Monday  —   and he has kept his Twitter postings relatively tame, publishing patriotic messages on Veterans Day and more recently praising Mr. Trump’s selection of Gen. James N. Mattis, a retired Marine, as defense secretary. His role as national security adviser calls for mediating the conflicting views of cabinet secretaries and agencies, and sifting fact from speculation and rumor to help the new president decide how the United States should react to international crises. It is a role that is likely to take on outsize importance for Mr. Trump, who has no experience in defense or foreign policy issues and has a habit of making broad assertions that are not based in fact. Mr. Flynn, though, has shown similar inclinations both on Twitter and in regular life. His sometimes dubious assertions became so familiar to subordinates at the Defense Intelligence Agency that they came up with a name for the phenomenon: They called them “Flynn facts. ”",0
3575,The David Duke Show: Hillary’s Treason and Why Trump & Duke Will Win,"David Duke October 27, 2016 
Today Dr. Duke and Dr. Slattery talked about Hillaryâs clear acts of treason against the United States by providing massive shipments of weapons to Saudi Arabia at a time that she knew they were providing support to ISIS. Dr. Duke, if elected to the Senate, would be in a position to expose Hillary and push for her impeachment should she win (steal) the election. 
Dr. Slattery discussed post-election scenarios. He noted that if Trump wins in a close election, a small number of Republican electors could be bribed to vote for Hillary, throwing the election to her, or even vote for Pence, throwing the election to the House of Representatives to decide from amongst Trump, Hillary, and Pence. Should Hillary win and Trump supporters feel the election was illegitimate, impeachment would be more likely. 
This is an extremely educating and enlightening show. Please share it widely.",0
3576,The Geniuses Who Brought You the Iraq War Are at It Again,"License DMCA 
The following was originally published in The Nation 
The ""Blob"" -- the epithet Obama speechwriter Ben Rhodes used to scorn Washington's inbred, vainglorious, bipartisan foreign-policy elite -- is striking back. In a series of foreign policy reports designed to influence the incoming administration, Greg Jaffe of The Washington Post reveals , the Blob will publicly criticize Obama's ""reluctance"" to exercise America's military prowess and call for a more ""muscular,"" ""interventionist,"" assertive policy, from the South China Sea to the Russian border, but particularly in the Middle East. They are pumping for more war. 
The names are familiar -- former secretary of state Madeline Albright and former Bush national security adviser Stephen Hadley lead the Atlantic Council task force. Former Bill Clinton NSC adviser Brian Katulis and former Bush deputy secretary of defense Rudy deLeon are senior fellows at the Center for American Progress. The inescapable Martin Indyk heads a Brookings group of former top officials from Obama, Bush, and Clinton administrations. 
These are the apostles of American exceptionalism, from the neoconservatives who promoted the invasion of Iraq to the ""indispensable nation"" liberal interventionists who championed regime change in Libya. Virtually without exception, all supported Bush's invasion of Iraq, the most catastrophic foreign policy debacle since Vietnam. Virtually without exception, none were held accountable for that folly. 
The reports -- and the Blob -- share two conclusions. They censure Obama for excessive timidity. ""There's a widespread perception that not being active enough or recognizing the limits of American power has costs,"" the Post quotes Philip Gordon, a senior foreign-policy adviser to Obama until 2015. ""So the normal swing is to be more interventionist."" - Advertisement - 
And all favor ramping up US military activity -- on the Russian borders, in the South China Sea, and particularly in the Middle East, promoting no-fly and safe zones in Syria, more special forces, more aggressive use of air power, more military aid, and a more integrated security partnership. The objective is not only to defeat ISIS and Al Qaeda and its offshoots militarily, but to create order in war torn Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Libya, and Somalia, as well as to counter Iran and Russia in the region. 
The Obama years demonstrate the dangers of ""restraint""? Say what? The Obama administration is currently fighting wars in five countries and bombing seven. It toppled Gaddafi in Libya and left the country in chaos. Its regime change campaign in Syria ended in a brutal civil war. It backs the Saudi ravaging of Yemen. It helped spark a street coup in Ukraine, and moved military forces to the Russian border, reviving a new Cold War. It has bolstered US naval forces in the South China Sea as part of containing China. US Special Forces were active in more than 100 countries last year. Obama has signed off on more weapons sales and transfers than Bush. None of this has worked out very well, but neither did George W. Bush's ""damn the torpedoes"" policy. If Obama represents excessive restraint, may the gods save us from what comes next. 
The Blob still believes that America has the writ and the power to decide. We are ""indispensable,"" bearers of law and democracy at the end of a cruise missile. Our insurgents are by definition ""moderates."" Our clients -- Israel, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Turkey, the United Arab Emirates, Oman, from military dictatorship to desert sheikdom -- have, in the words of the CAP Report, ""internal cohesion"" and domestic ""political legitimacy."" Despite conflicting interests, they are allies against terror (even though some like Saudi Arabia provide significant funding for both the terrorists and the religious zealots that inspire them.) 
For the Blob, caution comes not in objective but in strategy. Only the most unhinged call for putting ""boots on the ground."" This leads to a disconnect. They limit the military strategy -- to drones, air power, advisers, intelligence cooperation, military aid, training -- without trimming the objectives. It is hard to see this as anything other than a demented recipe for endless wars without victory. 
In this age of bitter partisanship, characterized by unrelenting Republican obstructionism in Congress and now Trump's stoking America's rancors, much attention has been paid to the dangers of division. But the utter failure of the center and the bipartisan elite has been neglected. In the Middle East and elsewhere, the Blob has driven us into one folly after another. Yet they still fill the highest offices and the most lavishly appointed think tanks. And they are still calling for more. - Advertisement - 
America's civilizing movements -- civil rights, women's, LGBT, the DREAMers -- have transformed this country. An emerging populist movement -- Occupy Wall Street, Bernie Sanders, the Fight for 15, fair-trade and financial-reform campaigns and more -- is on the march. Now we desperately need new thinking and a revived peace movement to take on the Blob and its endless wars. View Ratings | Rate It http://www.ourfuture.org 
Robert L. Borosage is the president of the Institute for America's Future and co-director of its sister organization, the Campaign for America's Future. The organizations were launched by 100 prominent Americans to challenge the rightward drift ( more... )",0
3578,Trump’s Inroads in Union Ranks Have Labor Leaders Scrambling - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump redrew the electoral map with his rousing economic nationalism and evocation of a lost industrial age. It was a message that drew many union members to his cause. And now it is upending the alliances and tactics of the labor movement itself. In early November, workers at the Momentive chemical plant in upstate New York went on strike to beat back pension and health care concessions. By January, the workers were invoking some of Mr. Trump’s populist campaign themes  —   but with a twist. They planned to picket outside the Manhattan home of the billionaire Stephen A. Schwarzman, whose private equity firm until recently owned a share of the company, and whom Mr. Trump has appointed as an outside adviser on jobs. “We used that angle  —   he’s one of the richest men in the country, has been appointed by Mr. Trump as the   jobs czar,” said Darryl Houshower, vice president of the local. “We were pressuring him, hoping he would put some pressure on the company. ” Whatever happened behind the scenes, they got the result they wanted. The day before the protest was originally planned this month, the company backed off a number of key demands. The workers ratified a new contract several days later. The episode is just one sign of the sudden shifts buffeting the labor movement. Some unions, even if traditionally Democratic, have aims that align with Mr. Trump’s stated priorities: building infrastructure, rewriting trade agreements, blocking an exodus of jobs. But union leaders are in many cases scrambling to get in step with members who responded to his   rhetoric  —   and to tap into that energy. The dynamic was on display earlier this week, when some employees at Boeing’s South Carolina facilities, which Mr. Trump visited Friday, spoke of a rising feeling of empowerment tied to the president’s posture and cited it as a factor in their vote for a union. (The union vote failed.) At Momentive, Mr. Houshower’s local is affiliated with the Communications Workers of America, one of the unions most outspoken in calling Mr. Trump to account since the election. But while he voted for Hillary Clinton, he estimates that some 30 percent to 40 percent of his more than 600 members voted for Mr. Trump. “I think some of the things the president was saying during his campaign, you know, looking to make better jobs in America, bring work back to America, kind of pulled on the strings of the average worker,” Mr. Houshower said. “A lot of guys felt that he was the man to do the job. ” Such sentiments help explain why Mr. Trump came as close among voters from union households as any Republican presidential candidate since 1984. And they are the basis for an approach espoused by his top political adviser, Stephen K. Bannon, who has mused about a tectonic political shift that would rearrange traditional partisan allegiances around economic interests. Surely no small benefit of that realignment would be to divide organized labor, a key Democratic constituency, and the White House has been shrewd about capitalizing on workers’   sentiment. Mr. Trump summoned the heads of the building and construction trade unions, most of which supported Mrs. Clinton, to discuss infrastructure spending three days after his inauguration. “It was a substantial meeting about good   jobs,” said Terry O’Sullivan, general president of the Laborers’ International Union of North America, adding that Mr. Trump was the first president to invite him to the Oval Office. Some of Mr. Trump’s other early moves, like his presidential memorandums giving the   to the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines and killing the   Partnership trade agreement, and his announcement that he would quickly seek to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement, were clearly conceived with a similar objective. They appear to have had the desired effect. Dennis Williams, head of the United Auto Workers union, which endorsed Mrs. Clinton, has professed eagerness to meet with Mr. Trump to discuss how they might undo Nafta and protect American jobs. “He’s the first president that has addressed this issue, and I’m going to give him kudos for that,” Mr. Williams said at a   discussion with reporters in Detroit on Thursday. Other unions may also have reason to do business with the White House. Consider the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, which also endorsed Mrs. Clinton. Some portion of the union, namely its freight railroad workers, is heavily dependent on coal, and union officials say members in that sector voted heavily for Mr. Trump because he refused to foreclose on its role in the national economy. In response, progressives have groused that some   unions are willing to sell their souls for a few thousand jobs. They say that members who enthuse about the president’s ostensible victories for workers, like his efforts to block the manufacturer Carrier from sending jobs to Mexico from Indiana, are utterly blinkered. “  economics dressed in populist garb is still   economics,” wrote Robert B. Reich, labor secretary under President Bill Clinton. All in all, it is precisely the backlash that must delight the current occupants of the West Wing. Still, some labor leaders insist that they will not be so easily divided. “I would not be surprised if Steve Bannon and others would be overtly and covertly trying to divide the labor movement,” said Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers. But she predicted that the effort would ultimately collapse under its own contradictions. The week after Mr. Trump met with the construction trades unions about infrastructure, his press secretary, Sean Spicer, told reporters that “the president believes in right to work,” which would allow workers to opt out of paying union dues or fees. A national    law would thrill congressional Republicans but provoke   opposition from labor. So would a bill recently introduced by Senator Jeff Flake, Republican of Arizona, that would suspend the   Act, which requires the government to pay construction contractors prevailing local wages, specifically on federal highway projects. For that matter, Mr. Trump’s own coalition is hardly a model of cohesion. His first nominee to be labor secretary, the   executive Andrew Puzder, won plaudits in the corporate world with his   views. But he faced criticism on the right over his openness to immigration. Combined with relentless opposition from the labor movement, his nomination proved untenable. It remains to be seen how a new nominee, R. Alexander Acosta, will weather similar scrutiny. Some unions that have opposed Mr. Trump are finding occasions to thread the needle  —   like the Communications Workers of America, the union involved in the Momentive strike and a onetime backer of Senator Bernie Sanders’s progressive presidential campaign. It repeatedly denounced Mr. Puzder’s nomination, but in a continuing dispute with ATT Wireless, it has echoed Mr. Trump’s call not to ship jobs overseas. Unions in the public and service sectors, on the other hand, lack economic interests that would provide common ground with the new administration, and their membership is increasingly urban,   and Hispanic  —   easily alienated by Mr. Trump’s pronouncements on race and immigration. The Service Employees International Union, a leading   force, has taken a largely oppositional stand. Many union leaders are at a loss to explain how Richard L. Trumka, the head of the A. F. L. . I. O. the nation’s   labor federation, will navigate these crosscurrents in the coming months. Mr. Trumka’s answer for the moment is to proceed gingerly. In an interview, he said that he had a productive meeting with Mr. Trump during the transition, and that the president deserved praise for killing the   Partnership trade deal. But he has vigorously protested other policies, like Mr. Trump’s immigration restrictions. “We’re going to call balls and strikes,” he said.",0
3579,France Expels Swiss Islamist Preacher,"PARIS (AFP)  —   France on Saturday expelled controversial Swiss Islamist preacher Hani Ramadan who posed “a serious threat to public order” the interior ministry said. [Ramadan, whose brother is the intellectual Tariq Ramadan and whose grandfather founded Egypt’s radical Muslim Brotherhood, was arrested in Colmar, eastern France, while attending a conference.  He was “known in the past to have adopted behaviour and made remarks which pose a serious threat on French soil,” the ministry said in a statement. “The interior ministry and the forces of law and order are fully mobilised and will continue to fight ceaselessly against extremism and radicalisation,” Interior Minister Matthias Fekl said in the statement. In 2002 Hani Ramadan was sacked from his teaching post in Switzerland after writing an article in French newspaper Le Monde in support of the stoning of adulterers and suggesting that AIDS was a divine punishment. Six years later he won 345, 000 Swiss francs (just over 200, 000 euros) compensation over the sacking. Ramadan’s brother Tariq is banned from entering the United States.",0
3580,What Are the Best Snacks Before Bedtime? - The New York Times,"Q. I know it’s not good to eat close to bedtime, but I get hungry. What are the least harmful things I can eat  —   or drink  —   say, an hour or two before going to bed? A. It’s hard to resist   cravings, but try to limit your bedtime nosh to 100 or 200 calories, 300 calories tops, said Isabel Maples, a spokeswoman for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, and choose   items that may be lacking in your diet, like fruits and vegetables,   dairy foods, whole grains or nuts, “to really make those calories count. ” (Seafood and beans are other good options, but not particularly appealing before bed.) Keep in mind that snacking contributes to weight gain, and studies have found that nearly   of the calories we eat come from snacks. A banana, apple or other fresh fruit, a small portion of   cottage cheese or plain yogurt with sliced fruit, or oatmeal or some other   cereal with skim milk were frequent suggestions made by experts interviewed for this article. Other suggestions included raw veggie sticks, a couple of whole grain crackers with a small slice of cheese, a handful of almonds or other nuts, or celery sticks spread with a tablespoon or two of peanut butter or almond butter (measure the nuts and butters  —   don’t eat them straight out of the container). Combining carbohydrates with protein produces a filling, sating feeling, even from a small snack, Ms. Maples said. If you’re in the mood for something salty and crunchy,   popcorn may fit the bill, suggested Laura Smith, a product manager for Weight Watchers. It’s important to note that many people become hungry at night because “they eat too little during the day, and then by the time they get home, they can’t stop, because they have built up a huge reservoir of starving inside,” said Susan B. Roberts, a senior scientist and professor at the U. S. D. A. Nutrition Center at Tufts University, and founder of the online iDiet weight management program. For others, she said, snacking before bed may just be a bad habit. Also ask yourself: Are you really hungry? People often mistake thirst for hunger. Try drinking more throughout the day, and having more water or carbonated water with dinner. Before bed, try a glass of   milk, hot or cold, noncaffeinated tea or, best of all, plain old water. “Drinking water is clearly the least harmful item to have before bed,” said Barry Popkin, a professor at the U. N. C. Gillings School of Global Public Health. Do you have a health question? Submit your question to Ask Well.",0
3581,White House: Obama May Leave the Country if Trump is Elected,"0 comments 
The White house is refusing to deny the rumors that President Obama claimed he will relocate to Canada if Donald Trump is elected as his successor in November. 
The rumor began when Canadian satire website The Burred Street Journal ran a fictional story titled “Obama Declares His Family Will Move To Canada If Trump Is Elected.” 
The story was complete with a fake statement from Obama which read, “It’s something Michelle, the kids and I have discussed as a potential solution to the Donald. I have also spoken with Prime Minister (Justin) Trudeau who outlined Canada’s generous immigration policy for wealthy individuals, so we’ll see.” 
The story was immediately picked up by American newsrooms, who ran it with headlines like “Obama Just Said He’s Moving If Trump Is Elected, Sounds Good To Us!” 
When asked about the rumors, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest would not say outright that Obama is not considering a move to Canada should the American people elect Trump. 
“He’s working very hard to make sure that nobody has to leave the country as a result of an electoral outcome that the president doesn’t support,” said Earnest, according to MRC Blog . 
While this all originated as a rumor, the White House’s decision not to categorically deny the reports had any validity only makes it appear as though Obama may actually consider moving out of the country if Trump is elected. 
Do you think Obama would ever leave the US? Leave your thoughts in the comments section!",0
3582,Report: More People Are Leaving New York Than Any Other Metro Area in the U.S. - Breitbart,"More people are leaving the New York metropolitan area than any other metropolitan area in the U. S. according to U. S. Census data. [More than one million people moved out of the New York area to another region since 2010, the New York Post reported.  The number of people leaving the area, which includes parts of New Jersey, Connecticut, the lower Hudson Valley, and Long Island, increased from 187, 034 in 2015 to 223, 423 in 2016. The number of international immigrants, on the other hand, decreased from 181, 551 to 160, 324 over the same period, records show. Experts say people are leaving the area due to the improving economy, an increase in jobs in cheaper places to live, and because retirees are seeking warmer climates. “The historical trend is that out migration grows when economy is getting better,” said Empire Center for Public Policy research director E. J. McMahon. “As the economy gets better there are more jobs outside the region and by the same token . . . more people to buy your house if you’re a baby boomer looking to move to Boca Raton or Myrtle Beach. ” Americans who choose to relocate are increasingly moving to Florida, Texas, and the Northwest from the Rust Belt and the eastern U. S. Even though people are fleeing the New York area, the region remains the most populous area in the country with a whopping 23. 7 million residents. The population of the New York region actually grew 2. 7 percent from 2010 to 2016 due to foreign arrivals and births, records show. Records from July 2016 show that New York City is on track to have 8. 6 million people by 2020, an increase from the current population of 8. 5 million. People may be fleeing the   area, but the state of Illinois has lost more residents than any other state for three years in a row, Breitbart News reported in December.",0
3583,"Elliott Abrams: Trump, Netanyahu ’Reset’ U.S.-Israel Relations","TEL AVIV  —   The meeting between President Donald Trump and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu marked a “symbolic reset of relations” after eight years of “tension” between the two countries, a top American foreign policy expert said on Friday. [Senior fellow for Middle Eastern Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations Elliott Abrams said on a conference call organized by the Jewish Institute for National Security of America (JINSA),  We have come through a period of eight years of tension at various levels, but particularly the top level. It’s clear that [former president Barack] Obama and Netanyahu didn’t get along, didn’t like each other. And that attitude was then communicated to the White House staff. You had a lot of backbiting, criticism of Netanyahu  —   all of that is over. We’ve returned now to the idea that there should be no daylight in public between the two governments. There will be plenty of disagreements, but those will be discussed in closed rooms and the relations at the top are obviously genuinely good. There is no artifice here about getting along. “That’s a critically important thing,” Abrams noted. “The whole US government takes its cue from the relationship at the top. ” Abrams, who also served as deputy national security adviser to President George W. Bush, added, “Other governments also pay attention. I’ve always believed that most governments, particularly in Europe, base their relationship [with Israel] on ours. They don’t want to be quite as close to Israel. So if we’re distant, they’re more distant. If we’re close, then they get closer. ” Abrams lauded Trump’s ambivalence regarding the   solution as being the key to solving the   conflict. The goal should never be a   solution, the goal is peace. And there are many ways of moving in that direction and there are several potential endpoints. And I think that it’s useful to the Israelis and for us to remind everybody that the goal is peace. We should not let the means become more important than the end, and we should think about that goal, rather than saying there is no other possible arrangement ever than the   solution. Abrams said that Trump’s request to Netanyahu to “hold back on settlements for a little bit” was not necessarily an instruction to stop building entirely. I think that [Trump was] moving back to the George W. Bush approach. And what was the Bush approach? Basically it was, don’t change the footprint [and] don’t expand the settlements geographically. Population growth, that’s different. Build up and in. In   areas, if you want to build a new house, a new apartment, that doesn’t affect the Palestinians or the chances of peace really. So the Google Earth map, if you put it that way, of the settlements doesn’t change. “We had a deal with [late Prime Minister Ariel] Sharon that was basically no new settlements, no physical  —   territorial  —   expansion of settlements and no financial inducements to move to a settlement. I think this administration is moving back to that view,” he added.",0
3585,Tribal Leader Threatens Protest If Border Wall Is Built,"A tribal leader is threatening protests if the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) begins construction of President Donald Trump’s proposed border wall. [During a meeting of Native American tribal leaders, the Tohono O’odham Nation’s Vice Chairman Verlon Jose threatened protests similar to those known as ‘Standing Rock,’ where environmentalists protested the Dakota Access Pipeline, if Trump’s wall is built, according to AZ Central:  Before the day was over and the guests left the remote desert mission on tribal lands, Jose would bash Trump’s proposed wall, calling it a waste of taxpayer dollars and comparing it to the Berlin Wall. He would call on people to see the barrier as an international   issue, offer an alternative plan for tightening border security, and acknowledge that innocent tribal members are subjected to increased vehicle searches by Border Patrol agents. He also warned of a mass protest on the border if diplomacy fails to keep the U. S. government off Tohono O’odham land, a protest that he said would rival Standing Rock. Jose is threatening the protests because his tribe sits on more than 2 million acres across a southern Arizona desert that crosses through Mexico, across the U. S.  Border. Besides gathering to threaten a protest against the construction of the border wall, the meeting of tribal leaders also included a chant demanding a “sanctuary for all. ” “They chanted a message printed on   for the trek: No Deportations, No Ban, No Wall, Sanctuary for All,” the AZ Central noted. Despite   between the Trump Administration and Congress, DHS Secretary John Kelly said the construction of the border wall would “move forward,” Breitbart Texas reported. John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder. This article has been updated to reflect   text formatting that was not immediately visible at the time of publication. ",0
3586,"Russia and Greece plan to circumvent sanctions, launch joint projects","Russia and Greece plan to circumvent sanctions, launch joint projects November 4, 2016 - Fort Russ News - PolitRussia - translated by J. Arnoldski - During Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov’s visit to Greece, the development of plans for bypassing the anti-Russian sanctions was discussed. This has been reported by Izvestiya newspaper with references to a source in foreign policy circles. During the meeting, Russia and Greece recognized the negative consequences of the anti-Russian sanctions imposed by the EU and the responsive embargo. “Greece, which supplies a large portion of agricultural products in Russia, has suffered more than many of its EU colleagues. According to data from Russia’s Federal Customs Service, in 2014 trade turnover decreased by 39.2% and in 2015 by 34%. However, Russia and Greece are searching for a solution to this problem. A source in Russian foreign policy circles has told Izvestiya that Moscow proposed Athens to circumvent the sanctions through the creation of joint ventures in the framework of the Russian-Greek Commission on Economic, Industrial, and Scientific-Technical Cooperation,” the article reads. According to the source, Russia cannot make exceptions for a single country, therefore it has proposed “combined production.” “In the near future, we expect a response from the Greek side on this matter. This question was raised at the talks in Athens,” the source remarked. Follow us on Facebook!",0
3587,"Hacked Podesta Email Reveals Clinton Foundation ""Coercing"" Saudi Billionaire For Millions Of Dollars","Hacked Podesta Email Reveals Clinton Foundation ""Coercing"" Saudi Billionaire For Millions Of Dollars   
Just c all it the Sheikh shake down... 
* * * 
In one of the more prominent early Podesta email revelations , we learned that Sheikh Mohammed Hussein Ali Al-'Amoudi , a Saudi Arabian and Ethiopian billionaire businessman, whose net worth was estimated by Forbes at $8.3 billion as of 2016, was one of the very generous donors to the Clinton Foundation... up to a point. 
As a November 2011 email from Ira Magaziner, Vice Chairman and CEO of the Clinton Health Access Initiative, sent to John Podesta and Amitabh Desai, Director of Foreign Policy at the Clinton Foundation, revealed, the ""CHAI [Clinton Health Access Initiative] would like to request that President Clinton call Sheik Mohammed to thank him for offering his plane to the conference in Ethiopia and expressing regrets that President Clinton's schedule does not permit him to attend the conference."" 
To this, the response by Desai was a simple one: "" Unless Sheikh Mo has sent us a $6 million check, this sounds crazy to do. "" 
At this point, Doug Band, Bill Clinton's former chief advisor and current president of the infamous Teneo Holding Doug Band, chimed in that it probably is a good idea: ""If he doesn't do it Chai will say he didn't give the money bc of wjc"" an assessment which John Podesta agreed with: ""this seems rather easy and harmless and not a big time sink."" 
* * * 
To be sure, this exchange suggested that a substantial amount of cash had or was about to be exchanged between the Clinton Foundation and the Saudi ""Sheikh Mo"", as shown in the photo below. 
However, the details were missing: the original email from Ira Magaziner referenced a specific briefing memo which contained in it the talking points updaing on the relationship between the Clinton Foundation and The Saudi billionaire: 
Now, courtesy of today's latest Podesta email release, we have access to the missing memo . 
The leaked memo lays out the facts on the Clinton Foundation trying to collect on Sheik Mohammed’s overdue donor commitment to CHAI. Notably, the memo gives the inference of the Sheik being shaken down by the Foundation in that the Foundation was demanding an immediate $6 million payment in return for WJC attending the 2011 International Conference on AIDS and STIs (ICASA) event. Additionally the Foundation apparently enlisted the assistance of the US Ambassador to Ethiopia to obtain payments from the Sheik. 
The memo initially lays out Bill Clinton's history with the Sheik: 
In the first bullet point we find what the initial ""bid"" and ""ask"" would be between WJC/CF and the Saudi billionaire: $2 million for every year that Bill Clinton visit Ethiopia. This, however, was subsequently changed to an greement whereby the Saudi would give $2 million per year but without any reference to visiting Ethiopia: 
Sheik Mohammed approached CHAI in 2006 shortly after we opened an office in Addis Ababa. He proposed that he would give $2 million to CHAI every year that YOU visited Ethiopia . We eventually negotiated an Agreement with his Washington attorney, George Salem, in which he agreed to fund CHAI at a rate of $2 million per year for 10 years . They rejected any proposals to put a payment schedule in the agreement, but dropped any reference tying the donation to YOU visiting Ethiopia . 
The next bullet lays out the initial fund transfer of $2 million in London, as well as the broad terms of the agreement whose ""requirement is that the money be spent within Ethiopia."" Amusingly, the memo then notes that during negotiations the Saudi delegation ""rejected our proposal that some of the money could be used for global overhead. "" 
The Agreement was officially signed at a meeting in London in May 2007 by the Sheik and Bruce, after which the Sheik presented you with a a check for $2 million for the 2007 payment. The Agreement is very general and does not require any specific proposals from CHAI for how the money will be spent or any reporting. The only requirement is that the money be spent within Ethiopia. During negotiations they rejected our proposal that some of the money could be used for global overhead. 
We then learn that more cash transfers took place in the coming years, despite the Sheik having ""cash flow problems"" which resulted in a bulk payment of $4 million in 2010 for missed payments in 2008 and 2009. 
Through 2008 and early 2009, we were told the Sheik was having some cash flow problems and that he was delaying payments for many commercial and philanthropic commitments he had in Ethiopia. In January 2010 at a Foundation donors meeting in Harlem, Ambassador Irvin Hicks, one of the Sheik’s representatives in the U.S. and a former Ethiopian ambassador appointed by YOU presented to YOU a check for $4 million representing payment for 2008 and 2009. 
The memo then tells WJC just why the relationship was created in the first place: ""The Sheik’s contribution supports most of CHAI’s activities in Ethiopia, one of its most important and successful country programs."" 
A section then follow which reminds Bill Clinton just who Sheikh Mohammed is, and that the two had spent time together in his ""private suite at a nightclub attached to the Sheraton"" in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia: 
YOU first met the Sheik in July 2006 during a visit to Addis. He visited your suite in the Sheraton Hotel, which he owns, for coffee and then after dinner YOU dropped into his private suite at a nightclub attached to the Sheraton. He had invited YOU there especially because he thought you would enjoy the saxophone player . You chatted with the Sheik and played the saxophone with the band. Shortly after this visit negotiations began in earnest regarding the $20 million commitment the Sheik has made to CHAI. 

YOU met the Sheik in London in May, 2007, at which time the Agreement was signed and the first $2 million check was received. 

YOU stayed at the Sheraton in July 2008 during your last Ethiopia visit, but the Sheik was not in Ethiopia at the time. The Sheik donated the rooms and meals for the large party during an extended four-day visit, two days longer than originally planned because of aircraft problems . 
Where things get interesting is in the memo's discussion of the current (as of November 2011) situation, in which we learn that once again the Saudi billionaire was behind on his payments due to the current economic downturn: 
Once again, we are told that the current economic down turn has caused the Sheik to delay payments for several commitments. CHAI has not received the 2010 or 2011 payments . We have contacted both George Salem, the lawyer, and Ambassador Hicks regarding payment. Both say that the Sheik will make the payment but they have not been able to pinpoint an exact date. 
Recent complications did not make matters any easier, although the Sheikh had enough cash to provide Bill with a plane to attend the upcoming African AIDS conference: 
In the past two months the effort to collect the payments for 2010-2011 has become complicated by factors surrounding ICASA, the biennial large African AIDS conference that will be held in Ethiopia the first week of December. The previous two ICASA conference in Nigeria and Senegal were beset by logistical and financial problems and Prime Minister Meles and Minister of Health Tedros have worked hard to make the Ethiopia ICASA the most successful ever. They have enlisted Sheik Mohammed to help and he has donated the venue and paid for an additional $8-10 million of expenses. 

Minister Tedros invited YOU to participate in ICASA, and apparently he or someone else connected with ICASA asked the Sheik if he would provide a plane to bring YOU to Ethiopia for the event. The Sheik agreed to provide a plane, and instructed Ambassador Hicks to tell CHAI one would be available. 
Where things get hot, and where the Clinton Foundation is accused of ""coercion"" by the Sheik's Washington attorney George Salem, is in the negotiation over whether Clinton should come to Ethiopia without having been wired the funds up front, or if he should assume that the billionaire is ""good for the money"" and just fly out there on good will. 
When George Salem spoke with the Sheik about the payment, he was told by the Sheik to make sure YOU knew that the Sheik would very much like for you to attend ICASA and that he would provide transportation. In response, Bruce told George that if the Sheik would wire $6 million to the Foundation for 2010-2012 that he would make sure YOU attended ICASA. After Bruce’s stroke, George told Ed Wood of CHAI that the Sheik said he did not like “ coercion ” and that we should know that he was “ good for the money .” George reiterated that the money would be paid, but could not give a date. 

The Sheik seems to feel that we asked him for transportation and then decided not to use it. George and Ambassador Hicks have been told that the request for transportation did not originate with us, but we are not sure that the message reached the Sheik. 
Ultimately the negotiations for Clinton flying to Ethiopia stalled, and appear to have fallen apart, leading to the original quote from the Clinton Foundation's Amitabh Desai in which he said, as we noted earlier this month, that "" Unless Sheikh Mo has sent us a $6 million check, this sounds crazy to do. "" As a result, the memo gives WJC the following action point: 
George Salem, Ambassador Hicks, and CHAI feel that it would be helpful if you would call the Sheik and thank him for offering the plane and saying you are sorry you can’t attend ICASA. We don’t think it is necessary for YOU to bring up the payment issue directly. 
The memo concludes with the following talking points: YOU should thank the Sheik for his support of all our efforts in Ethiopia, and especially for offering to provide a plane to bring you to the ICASA meeting. YOU should express your regrets that you were not able to arrange your schedule to attend the ICASA meeting since you know how important it is to Ethiopia and to the Sheik. You should express your appreciation that he has helped make this event possible during a difficult time for the international AIDS effort. YOU should say you hope to be able to visit with the Sheik again soon either in Ethiopia or elsewhere. 
* * * 
This memo provides valuable insight into just how the ""charitable"" Clinton Foundation truly operated: absent being made whole on millions of dollars in payments - by a donor who had already provided it with $6 million in the past - the ""so very concerned"" about AIDS and African welfare Foundation, would not even bother to fly Bill Clinton for a 1-2 day trip - on someone else's dime - to something as simple, yet noble, as a healthcare conference: precisely what the Foundation, and Bill Clinton's presence, is supposed to represent and support. 
It also shows that when the Foundation found itself in arrears to a prominent donor, it first and only concern was how to get paid; all else - up to and including doing the absolute minimum such as appearing for a good cause, was secondary and - as the memo documents - ultimately irrelevant unless Clinton and the CF were both generously compensated for their efforts. 
And that, in a nutshell is what the ""generous and charitable"" Clinton foundation was all about: make sure to get the money, the rest simply did not matter.",0
3588,Creepy Clown Gets What’s Coming To Him After Scaring The Wrong Guy,"Pinterest 
Clown-phobia has reached its boiling point. 
Fueled by a media frenzy, the American people Americans are now more afraid of “clowns” than climate change. 
The poll shows that America’s top fears now include being attacked by clowns. 
And nitwits who are hell-bent on terrorizing people know that. 
This is where our story turns to 20-year-old Sadiq Mohammad. He thought it would be hilarious to dress up as a clown and scare people, film it and post it on his YouTube page, which has been viewed over 6.7 million times. “People love comedy,” Mohammad said.” 
Well, not everyone. 
Because at least one of his “victims” was having none of it. 
The Stockton, California, resident was pranking people all day on Monday … he had a run-in with some folks at a Taco Bell drive-through, ran after a kid playing basketball and chased some men carrying a saw. 
Hilarious, right? 
For his next prank, he hid behind a bush … a man was walking down the sidewalk, minding his own business. 
When Mohammad jumped out, well … you’ve got to see it: 
WMC Action News 5 – Memphis, Tennessee 
The man hit him with his gun. 
“When that thing hit me, I was literally like oh dang, it’s a prank it’s a joke, it’s a camera right there,” Sadiq said, telling a reporter he was almost afraid to run. 
“Yeah. I seen the gun and if I didn’t tell him it was a prank if I wouldn’t have run I felt like he would have shot me.” 
Sacramento attorney Kresta Daly says people have self-defense rights, WMCActionNews5.com is reporting . 
“So, a person has the right to defend themselves using reasonable force,” she said. “It’s probably not reasonable to pull a gun.” 
That’s because in the video the man starts telling him the prank is not funny and then pulls out his gun. 
“By the time the clown is saying it’s a prank and you know, trying to get away and visibly being very scared, the threat has ended and the right to self-defense ends when the threat ends,” she said. 
Sadiq and his camera man took off running and never looked back. 
What is the lesson learned? 
“Lesson learned is like people don’t play with the clown stuff,” he said. “Like, people really will shoot anybody.” 
This lucky clown is now hanging up his costume for good.",0
3589,"We do not like trampolining, say hedgehogs","We do not like trampolining, say hedgehogs 10-11-16 
HEDGEHOGS have confirmed they do not like trampolining and children should not make them do it. 
Britain’s hedgehogs attacked this year’s John Lewis Christmas advert, featuring trampolining woodland animals, warning that children would now try to kidnap hedgehogs and force them to bounce up and down. 
Hedgehog Roy Hobbs said: “I accidentally wandered across a trampoline once. I hated it and I wasn’t even bouncing up and down. It was just all wobbly underfoot. Made me queasy. 
“The hedgehog in this advert is not real. It is an unnatural, computer generated abomination.” 
Hobbs added: “Hedgehogs are very much ground-based creatures. We eat grubs and roll into a ball for protection. 
“In our leisure time we watch stuff like Bake Off and Orange is the New Black . The most excitement we have is the occasional game of Buckaroo!. 
“Anyway, keep your brats on a leash or we’ll give them scabies.” 
Share:",0
3590,O’Reilly: ’I Can Tell You That I’m Very Confident the Truth Will Come Out’ - Breitbart,"Monday on his “No Spin News” podcast posted on BillOReilly. com, host Bill O’Reilly addressed his departure from Fox News.  O’Reilly said, “I am sad that I’m not on television anymore. I was very surprised how it all turned out. I can’t say a lot because there is so much stuff going on right now. But I can tell you that I’m very confident the truth will come out and when it does I don’t know if you are going to be surprised, but I think you are going to be as shaken as I am. There is a lot of stuff involved here. Now I can’t say any more because I just don’t want to influence the flow of information. I don’t want the media to take what I say and misconstrue it. You as a loyal O’Reilly listener have a right to know down the lane what happened, and we are working in that direction. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
3591,"SO DECEITFUL! According to #PodestaEmails20, Hillary hid her email scandal from her OWN TEAM","SO DECEITFUL! According to #PodestaEmails20, Hillary hid her email scandal from her OWN TEAM Posted at 11:58 am on October 27, 2016 by Sam J. 
Hillary is so dishonest she didn’t even tell her own team about the email scandal, she hid it from them. Now if she did nothing wrong, why the heck would she not just tell them about it? 
Inquiring minds wanna know. 
— Washington Examiner (@dcexaminer) October 27, 2016 
What sort of evil person can ask so many to work for her and then set them up by not giving them the full picture. Trending",0
3592,"Trump Supporter Pulls Gun On Black Man At Polling Station For Refusing To Vote Trump, Gets Arrested","November 8, 2016 Trump Supporter Pulls Gun On Black Man At Polling Station For Refusing To Vote Trump, Gets Arrested Google Pinterest Digg Linkedin Reddit Stumbleupon Print Delicious Pocket Tumblr 
We knew it was going to happen, and honestly, it could have been a lot worse. Still, it’s shocking that this is what our elections have come to. 
A Trump supporter picked a fight with a voter at a Palm Beach polling place over his choice of candidate. The crazed right-winger ended up pulling a gun on the African American man who was simply trying to cast his vote. 
According to the victim , Tobian Norris, he was on his way to vote when he ran into a Trump supporter intent on causing trouble. 
“I saw this guy, he was basically soliciting votes for Donald Trump and he decided he wanted to solicit me,” Norris said. 
He says he made it clear that there was no way he would ever consider voting for Trump. After a brief discussion about Trump and his opponent, Hillary Clinton, Norris finally asked the Trump supporter if he had graduated high school and all hell broke loose. The man lunged at Norris, attacking him and knocking the phone he had been using to film the incident to the ground. 
“He grabbed my hand and knocked the phone out of my hand and called me the n-word, and I just blacked out and hit him in the ribs, and he pulled a gun on me,” Norris recalled. 
When Norris defended himself, punching the assailant in the ribs, the crazed man did what any good Trump supporter would do: He pulled out a gun. 
The victim ran and was thankfully unharmed. This could have ended so much worse. The Palm Beach County Sheriff’s deputies arrived and arrested the gun toting Trump follower. 
Norris recorded the entire exchange and posted it live on Facebook. You can watch the video below: 
Featured image via video screen capture Share this Article!",0
3593,5 Ways The Media Responded With Butthurt To Donald Trump’s Victory,"The media doesn’t even try to hide its shameless pro-Socialist bias these days. Since nobody really pays attention to them anymore, you might have missed some of the more entertaining butthurt spouted by shameless propagandists posing as journalists.
2016 election night coverage on the propaganda news channels is a lesson in hilarity when examining the reaction of lamestream media talking heads. What is most entertaining about Trump’s ascendancy to the Oval Office is that it was totally unexpected, catching cocksure Marxists at CNN and other alphabet channels completely off guard.
Let’s go over some of the more entertaining reactions last Tuesday.
5. Hillary Shill Martha Raddatz Breaks Down In Tears 
Over at ABC, the wrinkled old Hillary shill Martha Raddatz was at a loss for words as she attempted to perform an off the cuff hamster rationalization to fellow Clinton operative George Staphylococcus, explaining why The Bitch lost the election.

Raddatz looked like her mother just died as victory turned into defeat for the criminal Hillary Clinton. She’s sure to be moving from a pack of smokes a day to two packs a day as the reality of the election continues to settle into her pea brain over the next 4 years. Her tears say more than her boilerplate language ever could.
4. Bernstein Plays The Race Card 
To the mainstream media, white people voting in accordance with their own self-interest is racist. In fact, white people acting in any other manner than total subservience is racist to CNN. Washington Post “journalist” Carl Bernstein even went so far as to say Trump’s election is “tragic and dangerous” as despondent and quite possibly drugged CNN propagandists looked on. Bernstein seemed most upset about Trump’s immigration policy proposals, in which Mexico will no longer be able to flagrantly let its citizens violate U.S. immigration law.
Bernstein completely forgot the racism white people have endured all year long at the hands of Black Lives Matter, La Raza and other black and brown supremacist groups.
3. Chris Matthews Goes Into Hamster Rationalization Mode 
Hamster rationalizations are usually reserved for women, but effeminate, low-T manlets like Chris Matthews also have them. His first spin of the hamster wheel makes him say Hillary won the debates. She didn’t. Then he says she had the best ad campaign. Nobody believes advertising or anything you say, anymore Chris. Then Matthews says she had the best ground game. She might have, but she was a terrible candidate. The half-man, half-alligator James Carville looked ready to give Chris a hug as the reality of Hillary’s defeat began to settle in on MSNBC.
2. The Racist Van Jones Whines About White People 
Van Jones looked like he needed a change of underwear as he fell back on tired, old leftist talking points from the 1960s about the evil white male —especially white males that haven’t been turned into geldings. He then goes on with an emotional overreaction to say families will be afraid to have breakfast the next day because whitey got back into office. LMFAO. Really, dude?
He then says immigrants are afraid now that Trump is going to be President. No Van, immigrants aren’t afraid. Illegal hordes who figuratively if not literally say “Fuck you!” to U.S. immigration law are afraid, as they should be.
Jones then goes on to make a supremely ironic quote as he talks about a so-called white-lash: He says Trump’s campaign was based on “Throwing away some of us to appeal more deeply to others.” Umm, isn’t that what the entire platform of the Democratic party is, Van? Throwing away, nay, crucifying white men to appeal more deeply to others ? Your entire career is based on just that, Mr. Jones.
1. CBS Does A Mea Culpa CBS published an article admitting how badly the press is biased
CBS was so stunned it did a full mea culpa on the network’s shoddy coverage of the 2016 election. This stunning article entitled “The Unbearable Smugness of the Press” needed to be written 10 years ago. Better late than never. CBS actually echoed what we in the manosphere and alt-right have been saying since day one with the Op-Ed piece.
This is all symptomatic of modern journalism’s great moral and intellectual failing: its unbearable smugness . Had Hillary Clinton won, there’d be a winking “we did it” feeling in the press, a sense that we were brave and called Trump a liar and saved the republic.
The Eyeball network even admitted the contempt the network has for men like us.
So much for that. The audience for our glib analysis and contempt for much of the electorate, it turned out, was rather limited. This was particularly true when it came to voters, the ones who turned out by the millions to deliver not only a rebuke to the political system but also the people who cover it. Trump knew what he was doing when he invited his crowds to jeer and hiss the reporters covering him. They hate us, and have for some time.
And can you blame them? Journalists love mocking Trump supporters. We insult their appearances. We dismiss them as racists and sexists. We emote on Twitter about how this or that comment or policy makes us feel one way or the other, and yet we reject their feelings as invalid.
Damn. At least some people over there know why we hate them. (That includes this former mainstream media news anchor who defected!)
Shameless Activism Got Marxism? It’s the guiding philosophy of the alphabet channels
Anyone who has the capacity to perform an iota of critical thinking knows the mainstream media is NOT on the side of the average American. It hates and seethes at traditionalists and works to tear down every institution of Western civilization while attempting to impale the most hated of creatures on this planet, the Evil White Male.
The rebuke of a sorry candidate like Hillary when the socialist shills thought she was a shoe-in caught the smug son of a bitches off guard. Their reactions are priceless, and need to be documented and remembered. These reactions are undeniable proof that blogs like Return Of Kings and web sites like Breitbart and Drudge are sorely needed, indispensable resources in this day and age.
We have not been getting the truth from media for generations. And now, as alternative voices appear, the rift between the two versions of reality grows wider and deeper. The once mainstream media have become nothing but shameless activists for New World Order socialism. The election night “horror show” only solidifies this point.
We should be proud to be activists pushing our own agenda, if nothing else to balance the scales. The media are NOT friends of the American public. Ultimately, the tired old Socialist media must be dismantled in order for freedom and traditionalism to survive .
Read More: Did The Anti-Donald Trump Riot In Chicago Help Trump Cruise To Victory On Tuesday? 
",0
3594,Holding the Light: Visualizing the Future,"By Judi Lynch
In this time of great chaos and spiritual evolution, we all have our roles to play. Some of us are activators, while some of us are motivators. Our ever-changing lives all have unique purpose and themes to understand in our personalities, forms of expression, and creativity. Existence takes each of us on a future journey to discover our emotional strengths, spiritual connections, and metaphysical abilities. Everyone has a light to shine in their own unique way.
In current society, it is incredibly necessary in times of fear, change and anxiety to bring in positive thoughts, actions and motivations. Now, more than ever, we need to hold onto the light that brought us here. To live in reality means to face the challenges that humanity has created and aspire for better understanding of our purposes, to be heard.
It can certainly seem like we have many souls who incarnated here to start fires, make judgments and declare war on mankind. In those people we witness what the lower vibrations can manifest with negative energy and toxic thoughts. They help to wake us up in unity for our light to increase instead of dim. We are not here to cower in fear and anxiety but to overcome those feelings of hopelessness with courage. In learning to own who we are, we believe without fear of persecution.
We need the light bearers who work to lift others up onto the higher ground. We have people among us with new ideas, methods and discoveries to do just that. Those who dare to aim for what is beyond the stars into the possibilities of tomorrow’s miracles use every option and future theory to their advantage. Many people are here to motivate our compassion to take action on changing what can bring us harm. The peacemakers and protectors of this world have a unique mission in which to find balance between what we see as good and evil among us.
It’s easy to tell ourselves and others to turn off the television, become more spiritual and less materialistic. Better yet, why not gather together and demand that the programming offered become more intellectual, beneficial and enlightening to humanity? Why do we turn it off instead of offer alternatives to educate people to evolve? Do we really need another program where people are allowed to bully, hit and abuse each other in awful ways? Do we really need to know everyone’s personal business in a million reality shows about nothing? Why did it come to this when we have the technology to land on Mars? Do we really need another crime or murder drama?
Not only horribly graphic, disgusting and disturbing they are putting out incredibly negative energy with a generous dose of anxiety ridden fear. There really are more good guys than evil ones, we should be reminded of this. We don’t need more examples of bad behavior. Our children and grandchildren need hope, positive roles models and tools to manifest a brighter future for everyone on the planet. Instead of watching people kick each other and pull each other’s hair, maybe we could watch them heal each other with unconditional love, compassion and a humor that doesn’t disrespect anyone. Now there’s a concept.
Every single one of us is here to shine a light on something, to bring awareness to a cause, to be a catalyst for great present and future change, to be an example of why change is needed. It has become a necessary art to learn how to discern the energies and motives of those around us to keep ourselves in light minded thought.
We are here to hold the light no matter what seems like darkness around us. Just like the sun lights the Earth every day, we hold the energy that sustains us in this Universe. All the creative forces, all those who heal others, grow food, rescue animals know the meaning of cooperation is necessary in our survival. We have so much we could share with each other if we know how to shine a light on our voices, passions, skills and dreams together. This is how we build understanding, holding the light to outshine our fears in moving forward.
Judi Lynch is a psychic medium, intuitive counselor, healing channel and author. She is president of the Crystal Healing Foundation, Inc., a 501(c) spiritual charity, and featured columnist for OM Times Magazine. She has authored two books, Friends with Lights and Conscious Ascension, and has read for clients all over the world. To learn more or contact for a session see psychicmediumjudilynch.com , or email judi@ judilynch.com. 
Source: OM Times 
",0
3595,Ten commandments to parents from man who walked into gas chamber,"Ten commandments to parents from man who walked into gas chamber 01.11.2016   Janusz Korczak was an outstanding Polish pedagogue, writer, doctor and social activist who refused to save his own life three times. The first time it happened when Janusz decided not to emigrate to Palestine before the occupation of Poland not to leave the ""The House of Orphans"" to the mercy of fate prior to terrible events.He refused to save his life again when he refused to escape from the Warsaw Ghetto. It happened for the third time when Janusz Korczak and all tenants of the ""House of Orphans"" embarked on a train on the way to the concentration camp. When in the train, an SS officer approached Janusz Korczak and asked him: ""Did you write ""King Matt""?"" I read this book as a child. This is a good book. You can be free."" ""What about the children?"" Korczak asked the officer. ""The children will go, but you can leave the train,"" the officer said. ""You're wrong. I can not. Not all people are bastards,"" Korczak replied. A few days later, in Treblinka concentration camp, Korczak and his children entered a gas chamber.On the way to death, Korczak was holding two of the youngest children, telling them a fairy tale story. Naturally, the little kids did not even suspect what was going to happen to them. In principle, one does not have to know more about the man whose name was Janusz Korczak. However, one does need to read the list of ten commandments that the amazing man recommended to parents for the education of children:1. Do not expect your child to be what you are or what you want him to be. Help him become what he is, rather than what you are. 2. Do not expect the child to repay you for all that you have done for him. You gave him life, so how can he repay you? He will give life to another and so on and so forth, and this is an irreversible law of gratitude.3. Do not vent your grievances on the child, not to eat the bitter bread in old age. You reap what you sow. 4. Do not look down at your child's problems. Life is challenging to all, and it can be even more challenging to children, as children have no life experience.5. Do not humiliate your child!6. Do not forget that most important encounters that a person has in their life is encounters with children. Pay more attention to children - we never know whom we meet in a child.7. Do not torment yourself, if you can not do something for your child, just remember: you have not done enough for a child, if you have not done everything possible. 8. The child is not a tyrant, who takes over your whole life. The child is not just your flesh and blood. The child is a Holy Grail that Life gave you to keep and light up the creative fire. The child is the liberated love of his mother and father, who will grow not just ""our"" or ""their"" child - they will grow a soul that was given to them to care for. 9. Be able to love someone else's child. Never do to someone else's child the things that you would never like to be done to yours. 10. Love your child no matter what kind of people they might be - untalented, unsuccessful, or already adult. Rejoice when interacting with your child, because your child is a celebration that you still have. Newsinfo",0
3596,Comment on Report Exposes Inner Workings of Facebook and How Clinton Loyalists Control Your Newsfeed by marlene,"  Claire Bernish 
Censorship by Facebook has become a thorn in the side of nearly anyone with an opinion differing from the narrative touted by the corporate press — for instance, sentiments not praising Hillary Clinton — and now, through both a new report from Reuters and emails published by Wikileaks, we have insight into why certain posts are targeted. 
Facebook relies on a combination of artificial intelligence and human judgment to remove posts deemed offensive, violent, or otherwise unacceptable to its community standards — but precisely how the ultimate call to take down posts, pages, and groups are made remains unknown. 
And Facebook takedowns, no matter the improvements to the process the social media behemoth claims to make, have been no less controversial or questionable — and those whose posts are censored have little if any recourse to argue their case. 
Recent examples of head-scratchers which led to an international uproar, include Facebook’s removal of the iconic Vietnam War photograph of Phan Thị Kim Phúc — who, at just 9-years-old, was captured on film by an Associated Press photographer fleeing the aftermath of an errant napalm attack near a Buddhist pagoda in the village of Trang Bang. 
That photograph helped cement in the collective American mind the horrors of the war, and ultimately fueled the success of the anti-war effort — but Facebook arbitrarily pulled the image for nudity — and proceeded even to ban the page of the Conservative prime minister of Norway for also posting the image. 
Ultimately, the social media company reversed course in that case — but not before also taking down the equally iconic image of civil rights leader Rosa Park’s arrest. 
But taking down of the image of Kim Phúc might not have been simply an error of AI, since it had been used as a specific example in training the teams responsible for content removal, two unnamed former Facebook employees told Reuters . 
“Trainers told content-monitoring staffers that the photo violated Facebook policy, despite its historical significance, because it depicted a naked child, in distress, photographed without her consent, the employees told Reuters.” 
In the final decision to reverse that censorship, Facebook head of the community operations division, Justin Osofsky, admitted it had been a “mistake.” 
According to Reuters , to whom many current and former Facebook employees spoke on condition of anonymity, the process of judging which posts deserve to be remove and which should be allowed will, in certain instances, be left to the discretion of a small cadre of the company’s elite executives. 
In addition to Osofsky, Global Policy Chief Monika Bickert; government relations chief, Joel Kaplan; vice president for public policy and communications, Elliot Schrage; and Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg make the final call on censorship and appeals. 
“All five studied at Harvard, and four of them have both undergraduate and graduate degrees from the elite institution. All but Sandberg hold law degrees. Three of the executives have longstanding personal ties to Sandberg,” the outlet notes. Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg also occasionally offers guidance in difficult decisions. But there are others. 
Company spokeswoman Christine Chen explained, “Facebook has a broad, diverse and global network involved in content policy and enforcement, with different managers and senior executives being pulled in depending on the region and the issue at hand.” 
For those on the receiving end of what could only be described as lopsided and inexplicable censorship, recourse is generally limited and can be nearly impossible to come by. Often, the nature of posts and pages removed insinuates political motivations on the part of the censors. 
Indeed, and once again flaring international controversy, Facebook disabled , among others, the accounts of editors of Quds and Shehab New Agency — prominent Palestinian media organizations — without explanation or even a specific example given for justification. 
Although three of four Palestinian-focused accounts were restored, Facebook refused to comment to either Reuters or the accounts’ owners why the decision was reversed, except to say it had been an ‘error.’ 
In fact, although Chen and other Facebook insiders spoke with Reuters directly about contentious content removal policies and procedures, many details of the processes remain covert and sorely intransparent to the public who is so often forced to cope with the consequences. 
Earlier this year, an exposé by Gizmodo showing Facebook’s suppression of conservative outlets via its “Trending Topics” section appeared to evidence extreme bias in favor of liberal and corporate media mainstays. Alternative media, too, which provides reports counter to the mainstream political and foreign policy paradigm, has often been the subject of controversial take-downs, censorship, and suppressive tactics — either directly by Facebook, or through convoluted algorithms and artificial intelligence bots. 
However, considering Sheryl Sandberg and her loyalists populate the top-level group deciding the fate for content removal complaints, it would appear Wikileaks could provide answers for both post censorship and suppression of outlets not vowing complete fealty to the preferred, left-leaning narrative. 
In a June 4, 2015, email to Clinton campaign chair John Podesta — an enormous cache of whose emails are still being published on a daily basis by Wikileaks — penned by Sandberg in response to condolences on the death of her husband, states , in part, 
“And I still want HRC to win badly. I am still here to help as I can. She came over and was magical with my kids.” 
After a wave of post removals and temporary page bans, it appears Facebook has begun to come to its senses for what actually violates community standards — and what might have political worth contrary to the views of its executives. 
Senior members of Facebook’s policy team recently posted about the laxing of rules governing community standards, which — though welcome — might only provide temporary relief. Quoted by the Wall Street Journal , they wrote : 
“In the weeks ahead, we’re going to begin allowing more items that people find newsworthy, significant, or important to the public interest—even if they might otherwise violate our standards.” 
While the social media giant deems itself a technology, and not news, platform, Facebook is still the bouncing off point for issues of interest for an overwhelming percentage of its users. Although it perhaps has some responsibility in regard to the removal of certain content, putting censorship in the hands of only a few individuals in certain instances is a chilling reminder of the fragility — and grave importance — of free speech.  ",0
3597,Olympics History Rewritten: New Doping Tests Topple the Podium - The New York Times,"After disclosures of an extensive,   doping program in Russia, sports officials have been retesting urine samples from the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics, in Beijing and London. Their findings have resulted in a    rewriting of Olympics history. More than 75 athletes from those two Olympics have been found, upon further scrutiny, to be guilty of doping violations. A majority are from Russia and other Eastern European countries. At least 40 of them won medals. Disciplinary proceedings are continuing against other athletes, and the numbers are expected to climb. Anyone looking at the record books for the Beijing and London Games might think them an illusion. Medals are being stripped from dozens of athletes and redistributed to those who were deprived a spot on the podium. “The numbers are just impossible, incredible,” said   Kasper, an executive board member of the International Olympic Committee. “We lose credibility. Credibility is a major concern. ” The results of the retests are coming at a time of intense international scrutiny on Russian athletes. The country’s longtime antidoping lab chief in May described an elaborate doping program and cheating scheme, and nearly a third of Russia’s Olympic team was barred from the Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro. The Olympic committee announced penalties for 16 athletes last week and another 12 on Monday. Suddenly  —   and unceremoniously  —   some undecorated Olympians are inheriting medals for their performances eight years ago. Even some   finishers are discovering that they are bronze medalists. “This completely rewrote my Olympics story,” said Chaunté Lowe, an American high jumper who participated in four Summer Games but had never won a medal. Sitting at home last week, Ms. Lowe received a curious Facebook message from a German athlete against whom she competed in 2008: “Congratulations, bronze medalist,” it read. After three women who finished ahead of Ms. Lowe were disqualified for doping  —   Anna Chicherova and Yelena Slesarenko of Russia, and Vita Palamar of Ukraine  —   she moved up to third place, newly successful in a jump she took when her    daughter was an infant. “I kept doing the math,” said Ms. Lowe, who originally finished sixth. “Wait: 6, 5, 4.   …     Oh my gosh  —   they’re right. I started crying. ” Accompanying the joy of her belated recognition, she said, was an awareness of the opportunity costs she suffered. In 2008, her husband was laid off. The couple’s house in Georgia was foreclosed on that year, something Ms. Lowe said would not have happened had she distinguished herself in Beijing. “I was really young and promising at that point, and sponsors were interested in me,” said Ms. Lowe, now 32. “A lot of interest goes away when you don’t get on that podium. ” Edwin Moses, the American Olympic hurdler and chairman of the board of the United States   Agency, said it was difficult to measure the “agony of winning and losing, of having medals ripped away. ” “I don’t know how you recover those damages,” he said. The Olympic committee generally coordinates with the federations that govern each sport, along with the national Olympic committees of the affected countries, to collect medals from penalized athletes and redistribute them. Of the athletes so far implicated in the retests, a vast majority competed in track and field events and weight lifting. It is standard practice for Olympic officials to store urine samples for up to a decade so they may conduct additional tests if they obtain new information. While the first wave of retests began last year, the longtime director of Russia’s antidoping laboratory told The New York Times in May about a cocktail of banned substances that he used to improve the performance of scores of Russian athletes over the past several years. Dr. Olivier Rabin of the World   Agency, who has been collaborating with the Olympic committee on the retests, confirmed that officials had been informed by disclosures regarding specific drugs Russian athletes used. “Clearly when you look at the findings, they correlate with the intelligence about Russia,” Dr. Rabin said. Nearly all of the violations, across nationalities, were for the anabolic steroids Stanozolol or Turinabol, the very substances that notoriously fueled East Germany to global dominance in the 1970s and 80s. A rash of Turinabol violations have also recently cropped up in major and minor league baseball in the United States. “The good   drugs work very well for strength,” Dr. Rabin said. “There’s a reason they’re still around. ” The drugs were not detected by the Olympic committee’s   lab years ago, during the Games, because the science at the time was not sensitive enough to detect such small residual concentrations, according to Dr. Richard Budgett, medical and scientific director of the I. O. C. New testing methods have increased the period of time during which   drugs can be detected in the body. “Science progresses every day,” Dr. Rabin said. “Just over the past probably five years, the sensitivity of the equipment progressed by a factor of about 100. You see what was impossible to see before.” Rarely are doping violations found during the Games. At the London Games, the Olympic lab found only eight possible violations, a fraction of the dozens more exposed this year. “It’s sad to say,” Ms. Lowe said, “but a lot of times when you go to these competitions, you’re like: Just get close enough to top three because you never know who’s going to test positive. ” As the I. O. C. ’s retests continue, the standings of the past Winter Games may be upended, too. Officials have focused on samples from past Summer Games this year, seeking to ensure they caught possible cheaters who were eligible to compete in Rio de Janeiro in August. Ahead of the 2018 Winter Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea, the I. O. C. is expected to turn its attention to samples from the 2010 Games in Vancouver. Officials have already scrutinized some 500 samples from the 2006 Winter Games in Turin, but the I. O. C. has not provided details on how many violations were discovered. “The I. O. C. cannot and will not issue further comments with regard to this process, nor will it answer questions, at this point in time,” a spokeswoman wrote by email on Monday regarding the tests from the Turin Games. As fallout from the Russian doping scandal continues, medals from the 2014 Sochi Olympics are also likely to be called into question, particularly after the World   Agency publishes the results of an investigation into Russian athletes who doped in Sochi and had their violations concealed by a   operation. That group includes at least 15 Russian medalists, the nation’s former antidoping chief told The Times. Such a sizable number of violations by one country’s delegation at a single Olympics could prompt sports officials to consider penalties ahead of the next Games. “To say that justice is being served is very pretentious,” said Francesco Ricci Bitti, chairman of the Association of Summer Olympic International Federations and former president of the International Tennis Federation. “But we’re on a path forward. ” Mr. Kasper, the Swiss I. O. C. executive who also oversees the sport of skiing, had a more pragmatic perspective. “We need to stop pretending sport is clean,” he said. “It’s a noble principle, but in practice? It’s entertainment. It’s drama. ”",0
3598,BLM Activist & Daughter of 'Can't Breathe' Victim Eric Garner Just Read a Hillary Email That Has Her Furious,"Getty - Andrew Burton 
Since the 2014 NYPD officer-involved death of her father, Eric Garner, Erica Garner has been a prominent figure in the Black Lives Matter movement and a loud voice against police violence. 
Her energy has been channeled in a different direction over the past week, however, since she was named in a number of the Clinton staff emails that were included in the most recent WikiLeaks dumps. 
In the emails, several staffers noted that they had an “ Erica Garner issue ” and seemed to be insinuating that she might retaliate or speak out against them if they didn't include her father's name when they talked about Tamir Rice, Michael Brown , and others associated with police violence. Image Credit: WikiLeaks 
Clinton aide Maya Harris appeared to clear things up within the email thread by noting, “Eric Garner not included because he was not killed by gun violence.” (Garner died in police custody after being placed in a “choke hold.”) Image Credit: WikiLeaks 
But if the Clinton campaign thought it had “an Erica Garner problem” before the emails were leaked, their problems multiplied when she caught wind of the things they had said: What are they talking about here? https://t.co/tgQH2VxuHZ — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 What really pisses me off is that the Clinton camp won't just admit these emails belong to them... Fucking liars. — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 These people will co opt anything to push their agenda. Police violence is not the same as gun violence. — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 I'm vey interested to know exactly what @CoreyCiorciari meant when he said "" I know we have an Erica Garner problem"" in the #PodestaEmails19 — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 Wouldnt yall like to know why the #Hillary campaign thought that I my objecting to them exploiting my dads death was a ""problem"" @mtaibbi https://t.co/i5cahlS6VZ — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 I'm troubled by the revelation that you and this campaign actually discussed ""using"" Eric Garner ... Why would you want to ""use"" my dad? — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 
She thanked aide Maya Harris for setting everyone straight: I'm glad you had Maya on your team to explain why you wont be USING my dad in you fucking gun violence piece... Black woman saved your ass — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 
Then she blew the lid off the Clinton agenda: https://t.co/jzfUl0FbXF In this #PodestaEmails leak @CoreyCiorciari n @NickMerrill plot to use police violence victims to push gun control — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 
And blasted Podesta personally for his position regarding her father's death: Personelle equals policy @johnpodesta said that Eric Garner's killing was justified . And this is who we want to hold our nose and vote for? https://t.co/5nWnjxA7Nq — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 
Garner has been active in the continuing investigation into the NYPD officers who were involved in her father's death. 
Although she has not endorsed a presidential candidate since Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders left the race, she has retweeted tweets by the Green Party's Jill Stein, which were critical of the Clinton campaign. ",0
3599,"Bill And Hillary Clinton, Inc.: For Sale At The Right Price","in: Special Interests , US News (image credit: Getty) After announcing her presidential bid last year, Hillary tried getting Moroccan King Mohammed VI to donate $12 million to the Clinton Foundation in return for a face-to-face meeting and speaking engagement. Nice work if you can get it. Easy if you’re Bill or Hillary Clinton, money from Morocco’s king one of many examples of their corrupt practices. Reporting on email content revealed by WikiLeaks, Fox News Ed Henry, said the following: “Just hours after Hillary Clinton dodged a question at the final presidential debate about charges of ‘pay to play’ at the Clinton Foundation, a new batch of WikiLeaks emails surfaced with stunning charges that the candidate herself was at the center of negotiating a $12 million commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco.” In an email to Hillary’s campaign chairman John Podesta and campaign manager Robby Mook, close Hillary aide Huma Abedin said “this was HRC’s idea.” “She created this mess and she knows it” – referring to scheduling a pay-to-play deal one month after launching her presidential bid, certain to raise red flags if revealed. Her advisors were concerned. Abedin emailed “(j)ust to give you some context, the condition upon which the Moroccans agreed to host the meeting (of the Clinton Global Initiative) was her participation. If hrc was not part of it, meeting was a non-starter.” “This was HRC’s idea. Our office approached the Moroccans and they 100 percent believe they are doing this at her request. The King has personally committed approx $12 million both for the endowment and to support the meeting.” A compromise was reached. Bill and Chelsea participated, representing Hillary. Fox News Sunday host Chris Wallace pressed Robby Mook for an explanation. Wallace: “Why wasn’t that classic pay-to-play,” he asked? Mook: “There’s nothing new here” – only in terms of it being commonplace Bill and Hillary practice. Wallace: “But, Robby, there is some new stuff. Emails show, and I’m going to go through some of them, you were not happy at all (about) the idea of this meeting and her going there.” Mook: Calling it a scheduling issue, he claimed “(w)e didn’t want her going overseas…before the campaign was kicking off.” Journalist Bob Woodward called Clinton Foundation practices “corrupt…a scandal. The mixing of speech fees, the Clinton Foundation, and actions by the State Department which she ran are all intertwined…You can’t just say it’s unsavory.” It’s the kind of stuff landing ordinary people in prison. Bill and Hillary remain unaccountable for years of illegal practices. Instead of long overdue prosecution, they’re returning to the White House in January for a third co-presidential term as things now stand – apparently rigged to assure it. Submit your review",0
3600,INSANITY: Watch O-care architect Jonathan Gruber explain the cost of ‘freedom’,"— Michelle Malkin (@michellemalkin) October 28, 2016 
Twitter user @PhillyRich1 has unleashed a trove of flashbacks from Obamacare “architect” Jonathan Gruber (of “stupidity of the American voter” infamy). Here are a few past sales pitches for the looming train wreck to set up the grand finale: More from The Gruber Files: ""If you like your plan"" is really from the ""right"" https://t.co/6CBZKhPQoX @michellemalkin @kerpen 
— Rich Weinstein (@phillyrich1) October 28, 2016 Jonathan Gruber explains which part of the ACA comes from the right pic.twitter.com/J0R7dl5lX1 
— Rich Weinstein (@phillyrich1) October 28, 2016 ""…we don't really know how to bend the cost curve…""- Jonathan Gruber pic.twitter.com/jcXTtaCnnw 
— Rich Weinstein (@phillyrich1) October 28, 2016 Jonathan Gruber explains that the individuals mandate is ""fair"". pic.twitter.com/hcloQXS66B 
— Rich Weinstein (@phillyrich1) October 28, 2016 Gruber- If you like your plan, well, whatever… Obama should have been ""vaguer"". pic.twitter.com/pBoxh1DIdt 
— Rich Weinstein (@phillyrich1) October 28, 2016 
Check this one out — This is quite the progressive definition of “freedom,” isn’t it? ""They have that freedom, they just have to pay for it""– Jonathan Gruber. pic.twitter.com/KeAsjh6Yry 
— Rich Weinstein (@phillyrich1) October 28, 2016 
That’s just maddening.",0
3601,BREAKING: Plane Carrying U.S. VP Candidate MIKE PENCE Slides Off The Runway,"We Are Change 
A plane carrying U.S. Vice Presidential candidate Mike Pence and his campaign crew has slid off the runway in New York’s LaGuardia Airport approximately 5 p.m. eastern today according to WPIX-TV .

There were 37 people on the plane, including Pence. No injuries have been declared or deaths at the time of this writing.
The flight was initially delayted because of unknown problems at LaGuardia, giving Pence time to toss the football around while stranded on the tarmac in Iowa, and tweet this photo reported Fox6. 
(THIS IS A BREAKING, DEVELOPING STORY AND UPDATES WILL BE ADDED AS MORE INFORMATION BECOMES AVAILABLE.)
The post BREAKING: Plane Carrying U.S. VP Candidate MIKE PENCE Slides Off The Runway appeared first on We Are Change .
",0
3602,"Motion Picture Academy, After Diversifying, Keeps Leadership Intact - The New York Times","LOS ANGELES  —   Having taken aggressive steps to change its membership roster, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has opted to keep its leadership the same: Cheryl Boone Isaacs was elected on Tuesday night to a fourth consecutive   term as the group’s president. Four is the maximum number of successive years a president can serve, according to academy bylaws. (A fifth term is possible, if unlikely. Ms. Isaacs, 66, would have to step aside for at least a year.) Ms. Isaacs, a former Paramount Pictures publicity executive, has worked in recent years with Dawn Hudson, the academy’s chief executive, to maintain the organization’s insular culture while also contending with intense pressure to make its membership less white and male. Last month, the academy invited 683 people to become members  —   more than twice last year’s number  —   after pledging to double its female and minority membership by 2020, an almost impossible goal. The group’s annual Academy Awards are granted by its roughly 7, 000 voting members. The next Oscar ceremony will be held on Feb. 26, with nominations scheduled to be announced on Jan. 24. The academy’s acting branch put forward all white nominees in the last two Oscar cycles, resulting in blistering criticism. Ms. Isaacs and Ms. Hudson, whose working relationship has at times been fraught, will have to contend with more than diversity initiatives over the coming year. The academy’s $388 million movie museum, for instance, is lurching toward a planned 2018 opening but still faces funding and operational obstacles. Ms. Isaacs was   by the   board as part of a slate that includes Jeffrey Kurland as first vice president John Bailey, Kathleen Kennedy and Nancy Utley as vice presidents Jim Gianopulos as treasurer and David Rubin as secretary.",0
3603,Suppressed Antigravity - Technology Used By The B-2 STEALTH BOMBER,"Suppressed Antigravity - Technology Used By The B-2 STEALTH BOMBER # www.youtube.com 0 
According to the electro-gravity research conducted by Tesla and T. Townsend Brown, such as differentiated load space install a force without reaction on the ship, towards the positive pole. 
A drive by electro-gravity of this kind could allow the B-2 work with an efficiency propulsion over-drive crossing at supersonic speeds. 9 and March 1992, the weekly magazine Aviation and Space made a surprising destapamiento, the B-2 is loaded electrostatically its current extractor, and the leading edges of your body, like wings. 
Those familiar with the investigation of Tesla in the early 20th century, quickly will realize that this is equivalent to indicate that the B-2 cone anti-gravity aircraft can operate. The magazine Aviation obtained its information about the B-2 of a small group of renegade scientists and engineers, on the west coast, who were previously formally associated with black research projects. 
Making these discoveries, these scientists broke the code of silence that rivals those of the Mafia. They took the risk because they felt it was important for economic reasons, that efforts be made to declassify certain black technologies for commercial purposes. 
Two of these individuals said that their civil rights were clearly abused (in the name of security), either to keep them quiet or to prevent that they left the black tightly controlled research and development community. Although scientists No mention anything about electro-gravity in its destapamiento in the journal Aviation, about the B-2, they admit the existence of very dramatic secret technologies applicable to the control and propulsion of aircraft. Tags",0
3604,Lawsuit Accuses Michigan Doctor of Sexually Abusing Young Gymnasts - The New York Times,"Eighteen women and girls have filed a federal lawsuit alleging that a Michigan doctor sexually assaulted them and that U. S. A. Gymnastics and other organizations that employed him failed to address their concerns and prevent further abuse, some of it dating back to the late 1990s. In the civil suit filed against Dr. Lawrence Nassar on Tuesday in Federal District Court in western Michigan, the plaintiffs are seeking relief for injuries related to sexual assault, nonconsensual touching, abuse and molestation. They say the abuse occurred while they were participating in gymnastics, swimming, figure skating, track and field, field hockey, basketball and soccer. Most of the plaintiffs were minors when the abuse occurred, according to the suit, which alleges that Dr. Nassar “sexually assaulted, abused and molested” the athletes, including by “digital vaginal and anal penetration. ” The lawsuit is the latest legal action against Dr. Nassar. In November, he was charged in Ingham County, Mich. with   sexual conduct with a person under 13, and in December, he was indicted in federal court in Grand Rapids, Mich. on child pornography charges. Matthew R. Newburg, Dr. Nassar’s lawyer in those state and federal criminal cases, said by email on Wednesday that his client has pleaded not guilty in those cases. “We are still receiving discovery and continue to review the reports as we receive them,” he said. Stephen Drew, a lawyer for the plaintiffs in the new civil case, said on Wednesday that some of the 18 women had raised red flags as far back as 2000. The suit also names as defendants the places where he had worked or had treated athletes: U. S. A. Gymnastics, Michigan State University and Gedderts’ Twistars Gymnastics Club U. S. A. in Michigan. The plaintiffs said that Dr. Nassar had been recommended to them as a “renowned orthopedic sports medicine physician” while working at the university from about 1996 to 2016, and for the United States gymnastics team from 1986 to 2015. He also provided medical care at Twistars, which has locations in Dimondale, Mich. and DeWitt, Mich. The lawsuit alleges that some of the plaintiffs had complained about being abused while being examined in a room alone with Dr. Nassar, or that he had positioned himself in such a way as to block the view of parents or chaperones. Mr. Drew said that some of the women and girls had not come forward sooner because they thought they would not be believed. “They need this addressed they have been holding this in for years,” he said, adding that the impact on the plaintiffs has been “traumatic. ” Adam C. Sturdivant, another lawyer, said that two or three more people were expected to join the civil lawsuit within a week. Mr. Newburg said that Dr. Nassar does not yet have a lawyer for that case. The lawsuit alleged that the three organizations had failed to properly supervise Dr. Nassar, were negligent in retaining him and did not address concerns from the athletes and their parents. A statement from U. S. A. Gymnastics on Wednesday did not directly address the latest lawsuit, saying that it was pending litigation. But the organization, the sport’s national governing body, said it found the “allegations against Dr. Nassar very disturbing. ” “When we first learned of athlete concerns regarding Dr. Nassar in the summer of 2015, we immediately notified the F. B. I. and relieved him of any further assignments,” the statement said. “U. S. A. Gymnastics has fully cooperated with the F. B. I. in its investigation. We find it appalling that anyone would exploit a young athlete or child in this manner, and we are grateful to the athletes who have come forward. ” The reports of sexual abuse in the sport cast a shadow on the gymnastics federation just as the U. S. Olympics team, which brought home 12 medals from the 2016 Games, was preparing for a   market push. Jason Cody, a spokesman for Michigan State University said on Wednesday he could not comment on the pending litigation but the university was “deeply disturbed” by the criminal charges. He said in an emailed statement that the university had started an internal review and had found no evidence of any complaints about Dr. Nassar before Aug. 29, 2016, other than one in 2014 that was investigated. But, he added: “The criminal investigation into Larry Nassar is a top priority for M. S. U. Police. ” John Geddert, a former Olympic coach and the owner of Twistars gymnastics school, did not return telephone messages left at the center’s two Michigan locations on Wednesday. The lawsuit said Dr. Nassar had been recommended to athletes there. The suit said a parent of a gymnast in 1997 had complained to Mr. Geddert about the doctor, but that the concerns “went unaddressed. ” Mr. Drew, the lawyer, said some of the plaintiffs in Tuesday’s civil case were emboldened to come forward after an investigation published by The Indianapolis Star in August on allegations of sexual abuse by coaches of young athletes. The article included allegations that U. S. A. Gymnastics had routinely failed to notify law enforcement officials about sexual abuse claims. A second report by The Star, published in September, said two women had accused Dr. Nassar of sexually abusing them. One former gymnast, Rachael Denhollander, filed a police complaint that month against Dr. Nassar, who through his lawyer denied any wrongdoing. The other woman, a medalist on the 2000 United States Olympic team, filed a civil lawsuit against him and named U. S. A. Gymnastics as a defendant. Ms. Denhollander then joined the civil suit filed on Tuesday and is the only plaintiff to reveal her identity. That lawsuit said Dr. Nassar’s abuse of Ms. Denhollander occurred when she was a    gymnast in 2000 and was sent to his office at M. S. U. several times for wrist and back injuries. Dr. Nassar is currently jailed in Michigan and cannot be contacted, according to Mr. Newburg. In a news conference on Tuesday, Ms. Denhollander said, according to The Indianapolis Star: “The reality of sexual abuse is that a pedophile is only as prominent as people around him allow him to be. “I will do everything in my power to make sure Larry Nassar is prosecuted for his crimes and can never harm another child. ”",0
3605,Bombing in Turkey Kills 13 Soldiers and Wounds Dozens More - The New York Times,"A car bombing in central Turkey killed 13 soldiers and wounded more than 50 other members of the military on Saturday, the latest in a series of attacks in the country. The attack, in the city of Kayseri, targeted a bus carrying soldiers on weekend leave, the Turkish Army said in a statement. Health Minister Recep Akdag said 56 people had been wounded in the attack, including four who were in critical condition, according to The Associated Press. The Turkish military said 48 members of the armed forces were among the wounded. Video footage showed a bus in flames near a university campus as people tried to extinguish the fire. A wrecked car was nearby. “I saw the explosion,” the Ihlas News Agency quoted a witness as saying. “The engine of the bus was flung. The bodies of people who died in the bus were flung, too. ” No group claimed responsibility for the attack, but President Recep Tayyip Erdogan blamed the outlawed Kurdistan Workers’ Party, known as the P. K. K. “The form and targets of the acts reveal with clarity that the real aim of the separatist organization is to stand in the way of Turkey, trip it, make it focus its power and energy elsewhere,” Mr. Erdogan said in a written statement, referring to the P. K. K. Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said that Turkish authorities had identified the Kayseri attacker and that seven people had been taken into custody in connection with the attack, according to The A. P. The police said they were searching for five other suspects. Turkey has been hit by frequent bomb attacks, the latest one a week ago. A double bombing in central Istanbul killed 44 people and wounded more than 150. The Kurdistan Freedom Falcons, a Kurdish militant group considered an offshoot of the Kurdistan Workers’ Party, claimed responsibility. Turkey is also wary of Kurdish factions that have been fighting against Islamic State extremists in Syria and Iraq. “We know that these attacks we have endured are not unrelated to happenings in Syria and Iraq, or even our economical fluctuations,” Mr. Erdogan said, according to The A. P.",0
3606,Fooling Ourselves — Trump is Not the New Messiah (includes video),"According to John Kaminski, the New Boss is the same as the Old Boss. FORGET IT! “If that’s what you think,” Kaminski says, “you’re kidding yourself!” 
President-elect Donald Trump’s claim he is reinvestigating 9/11 is just so much meaningless hot air — more neocon crapola — if he intends to solve the greatest crime in American history by including two of the event’s participating perpetrators — Rudy Giuliani and Lewis Eisenberg — on his team of detectives. 
What kind of truth can we expect from this kind of sandbagged scrutiny? None at all. Once again our government is investigating itself with predictable results. It will do no better than the first time — which was a total whitewash, because it is the very system itself that all these political functionaries are trying to defend which bears responsibility for this event and its impact on history. 
Hiring the people who played minor supporting roles in the 9/11 bloodbath to identify its architects and actors may yield a few sacrificial scapegoats like Cheney and some generals, but the top of the line power structure will remain solidly in place, hidden from view and utterly in control of world events. 
That Trump has surrounded himself with the tainted players who have carried out all these wars for Israel augurs for a dark future in which the militarization of America will further shrink individual rights, and the harsh crackdown on legitimate dissent — which will soon be banned — plainly signals the end of free speech as we have known it in the United States. 
Recall Thomas Jefferson’s dictum: “Freedom of the press cannot be limited without being lost.” Today, it is long gone. The press prints only what the government allows it to print. 
For Trump to hire such rancid refugees from the Bush administration means that he won’t be investigating 9/11. Instead he will be crafting a new more realistic coverup that lambastes Saudi renegades and totally omits the overwhelming presence of Israeli Jews in all aspects of the tragedy — the same presence that now dominates the U.S. government and its criminal activities throughout the world. 
Preemptive war is criminal activity, in case you didn’t know. The U.S. is practicing it everywhere under the cynical guise of fighting terror, which it itself creates by hiring thugs from around the world to fit into the proper terror slots and become believable enemies for the press to vilify and our military to bomb. 
The U.S. has literally slaughtered millions of people around the world at the behest of a small group of mostly Jewish men (and the gentiles they have bought) who control not only virtually all the money of the people in the world, but also control their thoughts as a result. 
Mayor Giuliani ran the command post in Building 7. You remember Building 7, that building that was knocked down by not being hit by an airplane. Giuliani knows everything that happened, and who did what. 
Eisenberg, one of the world’s foremost financiers, was the head of the New York Port Authority who leased the Twin Towers to Silverstein. Silverstein, who spoke frequently with top Israeli leaders, wound up with $4.55 billion. 
The question with regard to Trump’s integrity kind of splits down the middle since he seems to have a genuine desire to succeed and restore the peace, but he is indebted to forces far larger than himself, which he is now trying to placate by surrounding himself with the traditional pseudo Republican goons like Gingrich and Romney. 
If only they were genuine Republicans it wouldn’t be so bad, but they’re poseurs, all ultimately working for the Rockefellers and the Rothschilds. 
Business as usual in the Jewish American empire, gnawing on the fatted calf while   bleeds. 
Trump’s choices reveal a desire to continue the swashbuckling sadism of the Bush Administration. Throughout his campaign I always shuddered when Trump would proclaim that we needed a stronger military, and I thought, tell that to the people beneath the bombs because they want no part of any of this. 
As a newspaper blows trivial events into earthshaking issues, so politicians identify all manner of enemies that demonstrate the desperate need for them to be elected. 
Like the Boston Marathon bombing that turned a mercenary drill into a region wide suspension of freedom of movement, the worst story possible is presented even as inconvenient facts are left behind. 
Think about the atrocities and false flag shockers that have been foisted on us since 9/11. Statistics reveal that more than 90 of significant terror incidents began life as FBI sting operations manipulating low IQ bigmouths into capital crimes. 
Why is it the cops can commit crimes against the people but the people can’t commit crimes against the cops? This is not the kind of freedom we thought we’d get while growing up. 
Trump certainly is not addressing any of these issues, and a Trump administration will merely continue the clumsy depredations and smokescreen lies that have exemplified the utterly corrupt and criminal nature of the United States as it is run by Jews bankers holed up in the City of London, and wreaking havoc throughout the world by their control of everyone’s money. 
What is really needed is a full accounting of what the Jews have done to the United States, and restitution to United States citizens over moneys illegally stolen by the Federal Reserve Corporation to be taken from its stockholders immediately. 
Of course this is impossible because the Jews own the government and all the corrupt minions within it. One word from them and you’re out of a job. 
The avaricious Jews are really only a reflection of the darker side of humanity. Like good sociopaths, they learned everything they know by mimicking others, and have become better than everyone else at what they do simply by practice and cooperation. 
They have never once considered that the fate of the world ultimately depends on treating everyone in the world as members of your own family, even as that becomes impossible on a continent overrun by hungry savages who were put there by these very same sadists who control the United States and its fearsome war machine. 
A war machine that is now being used against its own people — through media, medicine and food — as the people who control everything consolidate their hold on a population rapidly being shaped into the cattle our Hebrew herders have always called us. DISCLAIMER. All articles, comments, and videos published on this website reflect the views of their original authors and in no way necessarily mirror the outlook of anyone associated with this website. VIDEO : 8:46 mins",0
3607,"Hannity Predicts Book Deal, MSNBC Contributorship and Maddow, Colbert, Maher Bookings for Comey - Breitbart","Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,” Sean Hannity sounded off on former FBI Director James Comey in his opening monologue on the heels of an announcement the Department of Justice was appointing a special prosecutor to investigate potential ties between the 2016 Trump presidential campaign and Russia.  Hannity said he expected Comey, who was fired last week by Trump, to have multiple opportunities given a memo he penned that was leaked to The New York Times about his meeting with Trump had potentially spurred this appointment of a special prosecutor. “Now James Comey  —   he didn’t do his job,” Hannity said. “He got fired. Now he’s a bitter partisan and he’s out for blood. He’s a disgruntled fired  . And frankly, anything he has to say for himself in a memo  —   well first, it is his word versus Trump, but it is meaningless. Donald Trump is not getting impeached over this. And it’s only a matter of time  —   what did I say after he got fired? Comey will get a   dollar book deal, a movie, a   primetime special  —   Diane Sawyer, or why not George Stephanopoulos? Why not go totally in for the Clintons and probably a MSNBC contributorship? He wants to be booked on Rachel Maddow, Stephen Colbert, Bill Maher  —   the biggest Trump haters in the country. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
3608,House of the Rising Don,"Channel list 
Post-election shopping tip: look for the PoliticsFree label at your local grocer to make sure you don't buy from companies that don't want your business anymore 
In Hillary's America, email server scrubs you 
Obama transfers his Nobel Peace Prize to anti-Trump rioters 
Democrats blame Hillary's criminal e-mail server for her loss, demand it face prison 
Afraid of ""dangerous"" Trump presidency, protesters pre-emptively burn America down to the ground 
Clinton Foundation in foreclosure as foreign donors demand refunds 
Hillary Clinton blames YouTube video for unexpected and spontaneous voter uprising that prevented her inevitable move into the White House 
Sudden rise in sea levels explained by disproportionately large tears shed by climate scientists in the aftermath of Trump's electoral victory 
FBI director Comey delighted after receiving Nobel Prize for Speed Reading (650,000 emails in one week) 
U.N. deploys troops to American college campuses in order to combat staggeringly low rape rates 
Responding to Trump's surging poll numbers, Obama preemptively pardons himself for treason 
Following hurricane Matthew's failure to devastate Florida, activists flock to the Sunshine State and destroy Trump signs manually 
Tim Kaine takes credit for interrupting hurricane Matthew while debating weather in Florida 
Study: Many non-voters still undecided on how they're not going to vote 
The Evolution of Dissent: on November 8th the nation is to decide whether dissent will stop being racist and become sexist - or it will once again be patriotic as it was for 8 years under George W. Bush 
Venezuela solves starvation problem by making it mandatory to buy food 
Breaking: the Clinton Foundation set to investigate the FBI 
Obama ​​captures rare Pokémon ​​while visiting Hiroshima 
Movie news: 'The Big Friendly Giant Government' flops at box office; audiences say ""It's creepy"" 
Barack Obama: ""If I had a son, he'd look like Micah Johnson"" 
White House edits Orlando 911 transcript to say shooter pledged allegiance to NRA and Republican Party 
President George Washington: 'Redcoats do not represent British Empire; King George promotes a distorted version of British colonialism' 
Following Obama's 'Okie-Doke' speech , stock of Okie-Doke soars; NASDAQ: 'Obama best Okie-Doke salesman' 
Weaponized baby formula threatens Planned Parenthood office; ACLU demands federal investigation of Gerber 
Experts: melting Antarctic glacier could cause sale levels to rise up to 80% off select items by this weekend 
Travel advisory: airlines now offering flights to front of TSA line 
As Obama instructs his administration to get ready for presidential transition, Trump preemptively purchases 'T' keys for White House keyboards 
John Kasich self-identifies as GOP primary winner, demands access to White House bathroom 
Upcoming Trump/Kelly interview on FoxNews sponsored by 'Let's Make a Deal' and 'The Price is Right' 
News from 2017: once the evacuation of Lena Dunham and 90% of other Hollywood celebrities to Canada is confirmed, Trump resigns from presidency: ""My work here is done"" 
Non-presidential candidate Paul Ryan pledges not to run for president in new non-presidential non-ad campaign 
Trump suggests creating 'Muslim database'; Obama symbolically protests by shredding White House guest logs beginning 2009 
National Enquirer: John Kasich's real dad was the milkman, not mailman 
National Enquirer: Bound delegates from Colorado, Wyoming found in Ted Cruz’s basement 
Iran breaks its pinky-swear promise not to support terrorism; US State Department vows rock-paper-scissors strategic response 
Women across the country cheer as racist Democrat president on $20 bill is replaced by black pro-gun Republican 
Federal Reserve solves budget crisis by writing itself a 20-trillion-dollar check 
Widows, orphans claim responsibility for Brussels airport bombing 
Che Guevara's son hopes Cuba's communism will rub off on US, proposes a long list of people the government should execute first 
Susan Sarandon: ""I don't vote with my vagina."" Voters in line behind her still suspicious, use hand sanitizer 
Campaign memo typo causes Hillary to court 'New Black Panties' vote 
New Hampshire votes for socialist Sanders, changes state motto to ""Live FOR Free or Die"" 
Martin O'Malley drops out of race after Iowa Caucus; nation shocked with revelation he has been running for president 
Statisticians: one out of three Bernie Sanders supporters is just as dumb as the other two 
Hillary campaign denies accusations of smoking-gun evidence in her emails, claims they contain only smoking-circumstantial-gun evidence 
Obama stops short of firing US Congress upon realizing the difficulty of assembling another group of such tractable yes-men 
In effort to contol wild passions for violent jihad, White House urges gun owners to keep their firearms covered in gun burkas 
TV horror live: A Charlie Brown Christmas gets shot up on air by Mohammed cartoons 
Democrats vow to burn the country down over Ted Cruz statement, 'The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats' 
Russia's trend to sign bombs dropped on ISIS with ""This is for Paris"" found response in Obama administration's trend to sign American bombs with ""Return to sender"" 
University researchers of cultural appropriation quit upon discovery that their research is appropriation from a culture that created universities 
Archeologists discover remains of what Barack Obama has described as unprecedented, un-American, and not-who-we-are immigration screening process in Ellis Island 
Mizzou protests lead to declaring entire state a ""safe space,"" changing Missouri motto to ""The don't show me state"" 
Green energy fact: if we put all green energy subsidies together in one-dollar bills and burn them, we could generate more electricity than has been produced by subsidized green energy 
State officials improve chances of healthcare payouts by replacing ObamaCare with state lottery 
NASA's new mission to search for racism, sexism, and economic inequality in deep space suffers from race, gender, and class power struggles over multibillion-dollar budget 
College progress enforcement squads issue schematic humor charts so students know if a joke may be spontaneously laughed at or if regulations require other action 
ISIS opens suicide hotline for US teens depressed by climate change and other progressive doomsday scenarios 
Virginia county to close schools after teacher asks students to write 'death to America' in Arabic 
'Wear hijab to school day' ends with spontaneous female circumcision and stoning of a classmate during lunch break 
ISIS releases new, even more barbaric video in an effort to regain mantle from Planned Parenthood 
Impressed by Fox News stellar rating during GOP debates, CNN to use same formula on Democrat candidates asking tough, pointed questions about Republicans 
Shocking new book explores pros and cons of socialism, discovers they are same people 
Pope outraged by Planned Parenthood's ""unfettered capitalism,"" demands equal redistribution of baby parts to each according to his need 
John Kerry accepts Iran's ""Golden Taquiyya"" award, requests jalapenos on the side 
Citizens of Pluto protest US government's surveillance of their planetoid and its moons with New Horizons space drone 
John Kerry proposes 3-day waiting period for all terrorist nations trying to acquire nuclear weapons 
Chicago Police trying to identify flag that caused nine murders and 53 injuries in the city this past weekend 
Cuba opens to affordable medical tourism for Americans who can't afford Obamacare deductibles 
State-funded research proves existence of Quantum Aggression Particles (Heterons) in Large Hadron Collider 
Student job opportunities: make big bucks this summer as Hillary’s Ordinary-American; all expenses paid, travel, free acting lessons 
Experts debate whether Iranian negotiators broke John Kerry's leg or he did it himself to get out of negotiations 
Junior Varsity takes Ramadi, advances to quarterfinals 
US media to GOP pool of candidates: 'Knowing what we know now, would you have had anything to do with the founding of the United States?' 
NY Mayor to hold peace talks with rats, apologize for previous Mayor's cowboy diplomacy 
China launches cube-shaped space object with a message to aliens: ""The inhabitants of Earth will steal your intellectual property, copy it, manufacture it in sweatshops with slave labor, and sell it back to you at ridiculously low prices"" 
Progressive scientists: Truth is a variable deduced by subtracting 'what is' from 'what ought to be' 
Experts agree: Hillary Clinton best candidate to lessen percentage of Americans in top 1% 
America's attempts at peace talks with the White House continue to be met with lies, stalling tactics, and bad faith 
Starbucks new policy to talk race with customers prompts new hashtag #DontHoldUpTheLine 
Hillary: DELETE is the new RESET 
Charlie Hebdo receives Islamophobe 2015 award ; the cartoonists could not be reached for comment due to their inexplicable, illogical deaths 
Russia sends 'reset' button back to Hillary: 'You need it now more than we do' 
Barack Obama finds out from CNN that Hillary Clinton spent four years being his Secretary of State 
President Obama honors Leonard Nimoy by taking selfie in front of Starship Enterprise 
Police: If Obama had a convenience store, it would look like Obama Express Food Market 
Study finds stunning lack of racial, gender, and economic diversity among middle-class white males 
NASA: We're 80% sure about being 20% sure about being 17% sure about being 38% sure about 2014 being the hottest year on record 
People holding '$15 an Hour Now' posters sue Democratic party demanding raise to $15 an hour for rendered professional protesting services 
Cuba-US normalization: US tourists flock to see Cuba before it looks like the US and Cubans flock to see the US before it looks like Cuba 
White House describes attacks on Sony Pictures as 'spontaneous hacking in response to offensive video mocking Juche and its prophet' 
CIA responds to Democrat calls for transparency by releasing the director's cut of The Making Of Obama's Birth Certificate 
Obama: 'If I had a city, it would look like Ferguson' 
Biden: 'If I had a Ferguson (hic), it would look like a city' 
Obama signs executive order renaming 'looters' to 'undocumented shoppers' 
Ethicists agree: two wrongs do make a right so long as Bush did it first 
The aftermath of the 'War on Women 2014' finds a new 'Lost Generation' of disillusioned Democrat politicians, unable to cope with life out of office 
White House: Republican takeover of the Senate is a clear mandate from the American people for President Obama to rule by executive orders 
Nurse Kaci Hickox angrily tells reporters that she won't change her clocks for daylight savings time 
Democratic Party leaders in panic after recent poll shows most Democratic voters think 'midterm' is when to end pregnancy 
Desperate Democratic candidates plead with Obama to stop backing them and instead support their GOP opponents 
Ebola Czar issues five-year plan with mandatory quotas of Ebola infections per each state based on voting preferences 
Study: crony capitalism is to the free market what the Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity 
Fun facts about world languages: the Left has more words for statism than the Eskimos have for snow 
African countries to ban all flights from the United States because ""Obama is incompetent, it scares us"" 
Nobel Peace Prize controversy: Hillary not nominated despite having done even less than Obama to deserve it 
Obama: 'Ebola is the JV of viruses' 
BREAKING: Secret Service foils Secret Service plot to protect Obama 
Revised 1st Amendment: buy one speech, get the second free 
Sharpton calls on white NFL players to beat their women in the interests of racial fairness 
President Obama appoints his weekly approval poll as new national security adviser 
Obama wags pen and phone at Putin; Europe offers support with powerful pens and phones from NATO members 
White House pledges to embarrass ISIS back to the Stone Age with a barrage of fearsome Twitter messages and fatally ironic Instagram photos 
Obama to fight ISIS with new federal Terrorist Regulatory Agency 
Obama vows ISIS will never raise their flag over the eighteenth hole 
Harry Reid: ""Sometimes I say the wong thing"" 
Elian Gonzalez wishes he had come to the U.S. on a bus from Central America like all the other kids 
Obama visits US-Mexican border, calls for a two-state solution 
Obama draws ""blue line"" in Iraq after Putin took away his red crayon 
""Hard Choices,"" a porno flick loosely based on Hillary Clinton's memoir and starring Hillary Hellfire as a drinking, whoring Secretary of State, wildly outsells the flabby, sagging original 
Accusations of siding with the enemy leave Sgt. Bergdahl with only two options: pursue a doctorate at Berkley or become a Senator from Massachusetts 
Jay Carney stuck in line behind Eric Shinseki to leave the White House; estimated wait time from 15 min to 6 weeks 
100% of scientists agree that if man-made global warming were real, ""the last people we'd want to help us is the Obama administration"" 
Jay Carney says he found out that Obama found out that he found out that Obama found out that he found out about the latest Obama administration scandal on the news 
""Anarchy Now!"" meeting turns into riot over points of order, bylaws, and whether or not 'kicking the #^@&*! ass' of the person trying to speak is or is not violence 
Obama retaliates against Putin by prohibiting unionized federal employees from dating hot Russian girls online during work hours 
Russian separatists in Ukraine riot over an offensive YouTube video showing the toppling of Lenin statues 
""Free Speech Zones"" confuse Obamaphone owners who roam streets in search of additional air minutes 
Obamacare bolsters employment for professionals with skills to convert meth back into sudafed 
Gloves finally off: Obama uses pen and phone to cancel Putin's Netflix account 
Joe Biden to Russia: ""We will bury you by turning more of Eastern Europe over to your control!"" 
In last-ditch effort to help Ukraine, Obama deploys Rev. Sharpton and Rev. Jackson's Rainbow Coalition to Crimea 
Al Sharpton: ""Not even Putin can withstand our signature chanting, 'racist, sexist, anti-gay, Russian army go away'!"" 
Mardi Gras in North Korea: "" Throw me some food! "" 
Obama's foreign policy works: ""War, invasion, and conquest are signs of weakness; we've got Putin right where we want him"" 
US offers military solution to Ukraine crisis: ""We will only fight countries that have LGBT military"" 
Putin annexes Brighton Beach to protect ethnic Russians in Brooklyn, Obama appeals to UN and EU for help 
The 1980s: ""Mr. Obama, we're just calling to ask if you want our foreign policy back . The 1970s are right here with us, and they're wondering, too."" 
In a stunning act of defiance, Obama courageously unfriends Putin on Facebook 
MSNBC: Obama secures alliance with Austro-Hungarian Empire against Russia’s aggression in Ukraine 
Study: springbreak is to STDs what April 15th is to accountants 
Efforts to achieve moisture justice for California thwarted by unfair redistribution of snow in America 
North Korean voters unanimous: ""We are the 100%"" 
Leader of authoritarian gulag-site, The People's Cube, unanimously 're-elected' with 100% voter turnout 
Super Bowl: Obama blames Fox News for Broncos' loss 
Feminist author slams gay marriage: ""a man needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle"" 
Beverly Hills campaign heats up between Henry Waxman and Marianne Williamson over the widening income gap between millionaires and billionaires in their district 
Biden to lower $10,000-a-plate Dinner For The Homeless to $5,000 so more homeless can attend 
Kim becomes world leader, feeds uncle to dogs; Obama eats dogs, becomes world leader, America cries uncle 
North Korean leader executes own uncle for talking about Obamacare at family Christmas party 
White House hires part-time schizophrenic Mandela sign interpreter to help sell Obamacare 
Kim Jong Un executes own "" crazy uncle "" to keep him from ruining another family Christmas 
OFA admits its advice for area activists to give Obamacare Talk at shooting ranges was a bad idea 
President resolves Obamacare debacle with executive order declaring all Americans equally healthy 
Obama to Iran: ""If you like your nuclear program, you can keep your nuclear program"" 
Bovine community outraged by flatulence coming from Washington DC 
Obama: ""I'm not particularly ideological; I believe in a good pragmatic five-year plan"" 
Shocker: Obama had no knowledge he'd been reelected until he read about it in the local newspaper last week 
Server problems at HealthCare.gov so bad, it now flashes 'Error 808' message 
NSA marks National Best Friend Day with official announcement: ""Government is your best friend; we know you like no one else, we're always there, we're always willing to listen"" 
Al Qaeda cancels attack on USA citing launch of Obamacare as devastating enough 
The President's latest talking point on Obamacare: ""I didn't build that"" 
Dizzy with success, Obama renames his wildly popular healthcare mandate to HillaryCare 
Carney: huge ObamaCare deductibles won't look as bad come hyperinflation 
Washington Redskins drop 'Washington' from their name as offensive to most Americans 
Poll: 83% of Americans favor cowboy diplomacy over rodeo clown diplomacy 
GOVERNMENT WARNING: If you were able to complete ObamaCare form online, it wasn't a legitimate gov't website; you should report online fraud and change all your passwords 
Obama administration gets serious, threatens Syria with ObamaCare 
Obama authorizes the use of Vice President Joe Biden's double-barrel shotgun to fire a couple of blasts at Syria 
Sharpton: ""British royals should have named baby 'Trayvon.' By choosing 'George' they sided with white Hispanic racist Zimmerman"" 
DNC launches 'Carlos Danger' action figure; proceeds to fund a charity helping survivors of the Republican War on Women 
Nancy Pelosi extends abortion rights to the birds and the bees 
Hubble discovers planetary drift to the left 
Obama: 'If I had a daughter-in-law, she would look like Rachael Jeantel' 
FISA court rubberstamps statement denying its portrayal as government's rubber stamp 
Every time ObamaCare gets delayed, a Julia somewhere dies 
GOP to Schumer: 'Force full implementation of ObamaCare before 2014 or Dems will never win another election' 
Obama: 'If I had a son... no, wait, my daughter can now marry a woman!' 
Janet Napolitano: TSA findings reveal that since none of the hijackers were babies, elderly, or Tea Partiers, 9/11 was not an act of terrorism 
News Flash: Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-LA) can see Canada from South Dakota 
Susan Rice: IRS actions against tea parties caused by anti-tax YouTube video that was insulting to their faith 
Drudge Report reduces font to fit all White House scandals onto one page 
Obama: the IRS is a constitutional right, just like the Second Amendment 
White House: top Obama officials using secret email accounts a result of bad IT advice to avoid spam mail from Nigeria 
Jay Carney to critics: 'Pinocchio never said anything inconsistent' 
Obama: If I had a gay son, he'd look like Jason Collins 
Gosnell's office in Benghazi raided by the IRS: mainstream media's worst cover-up challenge to date 
IRS targeting pro-gay-marriage LGBT groups leads to gayest tax revolt in U.S. history 
After Arlington Cemetery rejects offer to bury Boston bomber, Westboro Babtist Church steps up with premium front lawn plot 
Boston: Obama Administration to reclassify marathon bombing as 'sportsplace violence' 
Study: Success has many fathers but failure becomes a government program 
US Media: Can Pope Francis possibly clear up Vatican bureaucracy and banking without blaming the previous administration? 
Michelle Obama praises weekend rampage by Chicago teens as good way to burn calories and stay healthy 
This Passover, Obama urges his subjects to paint lamb's blood above doors in order to avoid the Sequester 
White House to American children: Sequester causes layoffs among hens that lay Easter eggs; union-wage Easter Bunnies to be replaced by Mexican Chupacabras 
Time Mag names Hugo Chavez world's sexiest corpse 
Boy, 8, pretends banana is gun, makes daring escape from school 
Study: Free lunches overpriced, lack nutrition 
Oscars 2013: Michelle Obama announces long-awaited merger of Hollywood and the State 
Joe Salazar defends the right of women to be raped in gun-free environment: 'rapists and rapees should work together to prevent gun violence for the common good' 
Dept. of Health and Human Services eliminates rape by reclassifying assailants as 'undocumented sex partners' 
Kremlin puts out warning not to photoshop Putin riding meteor unless bare-chested 
Deeming football too violent, Obama moves to introduce Super Drone Sundays instead 
Japan offers to extend nuclear umbrella to cover U.S. should America suffer devastating attack on its own defense spending 
Feminists organize one billion women to protest male oppression with one billion lap dances 
Urban community protests Mayor Bloomberg's ban on extra-large pop singers owning assault weapons 
Concerned with mounting death toll, Taliban offers to send peacekeeping advisers to Chicago 
Karl Rove puts an end to Tea Party with new 'Republicans For Democrats' strategy aimed at losing elections 
Answering public skepticism, President Obama authorizes unlimited drone attacks on all skeet targets throughout the country 
Skeet Ulrich denies claims he had been shot by President but considers changing his name to 'Traps' 
White House releases new exciting photos of Obama standing, sitting, looking thoughtful, and even breathing in and out 
New York Times hacked by Chinese government, Paul Krugman's economic policies stolen 
White House: when President shoots skeet, he donates the meat to food banks that feed the middle class 
To prove he is serious, Obama eliminates armed guard protection for President, Vice-President, and their families; establishes Gun-Free Zones around them instead 
State Dept to send 100,000 American college students to China as security for US debt obligations 
Jay Carney: Al Qaeda is on the run, they're just running forward 
President issues executive orders banning cliffs, ceilings, obstructions, statistics, and other notions that prevent us from moving forwards and upward 
Fearing the worst, Obama Administration outlaws the fan to prevent it from being hit by certain objects 
World ends; S&P soars 
Riddle of universe solved; answer not understood 
Meek inherit Earth, can't afford estate taxes 
Greece abandons Euro; accountants find Greece has no Euros anyway 
Wheel finally reinvented; axles to be gradually reinvented in 3rd quarter of 2013 
Bigfoot found in Ohio, mysteriously not voting for Obama 
As Santa's workshop files for bankruptcy, Fed offers bailout in exchange for control of 'naughty and nice' list 
Freak flying pig accident causes bacon to fly off shelves 
Obama: green economy likely to transform America into a leading third world country of the new millennium 
Report: President Obama to visit the United States in the near future 
Obama promises to create thousands more economically neutral jobs 
Modernizing Islam: New York imam proposes to canonize Saul Alinsky as religion's latter day prophet 
Imam Rauf's peaceful solution: 'Move Ground Zero a few blocks away from the mosque and no one gets hurt' 
Study: Obama's threat to burn tax money in Washington 'recruitment bonanza' for Tea Parties 
Study: no Social Security reform will be needed if gov't raises retirement age to at least 814 years 
Obama attends church service, worships self 
Obama proposes national 'Win The Future' lottery; proceeds of new WTF Powerball to finance more gov't spending 
Historical revisionists: ""Hey, you never know"" 
Vice President Biden: criticizing Egypt is un-pharaoh 
Israelis to Egyptian rioters: ""don't damage the pyramids, we will not rebuild"" 
Lake Superior renamed Lake Inferior in spirit of tolerance and inclusiveness 
Al Gore: It's a shame that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as a pack of polar bears 
Michael Moore: As long as there is anyone with money to shake down, this country is not broke 
Obama's teleprompters unionize, demand collective bargaining rights 
Obama calls new taxes 'spending reductions in tax code.' Elsewhere rapists tout 'consent reductions in sexual intercourse' 
Obama's teleprompter unhappy with White House Twitter: ""Too few words"" 
Obama's Regulation Reduction committee finds US Constitution to be expensive outdated framework inefficiently regulating federal gov't 
Taking a page from the Reagan years, Obama announces new era of Perestroika and Glasnost 
Responding to Oslo shootings, Obama declares Christianity ""Religion of Peace,"" praises ""moderate Christians,"" promises to send one into space 
Republicans block Obama's $420 billion program to give American families free charms that ward off economic bad luck 
White House to impose Chimney tax on Santa Claus 
Obama decrees the economy is not soaring as much as previously decreeed 
Conservative think tank introduces children to capitalism with pop-up picture book ""The Road to Smurfdom"" 
Al Gore proposes to combat Global Warming by extracting silver linings from clouds in Earth's atmosphere 
Obama refutes charges of him being unresponsive to people's suffering: ""When you pray to God, do you always hear a response?"" 
Obama regrets the US government didn't provide his mother with free contraceptives when she was in college 
Fluke to Congress: drill, baby, drill! 
Planned Parenthood introduces Frequent Flucker reward card: 'Come again soon!' 
Obama to tornado victims: 'We inherited this weather from the previous administration' 
Obama congratulates Putin on Chicago-style election outcome 
People's Cube gives itself Hero of Socialist Labor medal in recognition of continued expert advice provided to the Obama Administration helping to shape its foreign and domestic policies 
Hamas: Israeli air defense unfair to 99% of our missiles, ""only 1% allowed to reach Israel"" 
Democrat strategist: without government supervision, women would have never evolved into humans 
Voters Without Borders oppose Texas new voter ID law 
Enraged by accusation that they are doing Obama's bidding, media leaders demand instructions from White House on how to respond 
Obama blames previous Olympics for failure to win at this Olympics 
Official: China plans to land on Moon or at least on cheap knockoff thereof 
Koran-Contra: Obama secretly arms Syrian rebels 
Poll: Progressive slogan 'We should be more like Europe' most popular with members of American Nazi Party 
Obama to Evangelicals: Jesus saves, I just spend 
May Day: Anarchists plan, schedule, synchronize, and execute a coordinated campaign against all of the above 
Midwestern farmers hooked on new erotic novel ""50 Shades of Hay"" 
Study: 99% of Liberals give the rest a bad name 
Obama meets with Jewish leaders, proposes deeper circumcisions for the rich 
Historians: Before HOPE & CHANGE there was HEMP & CHOOM at ten bucks a bag 
Cancer once again fails to cure Venezuela of its ""President for Life"" 
Tragic spelling error causes Muslim protesters to burn local boob-tube factory 
Secretary of Energy Steven Chu: due to energy conservation, the light at the end of the tunnel will be switched off 
Obama Administration running food stamps across the border with Mexico in an operation code-named ""Fat And Furious"" 
Pakistan explodes in protest over new Adobe Acrobat update; 17 local acrobats killed 
White House: ""Let them eat statistics"" 
Special Ops: if Benedict Arnold had a son, he would look like Barack Obama",0
3609,"Tim Graham: Establishment Media Give VA Shooter’s Leftist Politics a Pass, Unlike Tea Party","Tim Graham, executive editor of NewsBusters, spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Thursday regarding the media’s reaction to the shooting at a Republican baseball practice that critically injured Rep. Steve Scalise. He also talked about the backlash of Megyn Kelly’s interview with Alex Jones. [Graham commented on MSNBC anchor Andrea Mitchell’s reporting on the shooting by saying, “In 2011, when Congresswoman Gabriel Giffords was shot, they jumped on the idea that this was the Tea Party. In Denver, they jumped on the notion that the shooter was the Tea Party. In both cases, they didn’t have anything. Here, in this case, it’s quite clear. ”  Graham continued, “That’s not to say Bernie Sanders is in any way responsible for this. It just means they have liked to, in the past, associate conservative politics with violence or a climate of hate. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
3610,Paul Ryan’s Plan To Use Bernie To Scare Voters Blew Up In His Face And Bernie Can’t Stop Laughing,"By Michael Hayne Election 2016 , News , Politics October 28, 2016 Paul Ryan’s Plan To Use Bernie To Scare Voters Blew Up In His Face And Bernie Can’t Stop Laughing   
The 2016 election continues to be the weirdest, dumbest, and most contentious presidential race in ages. But the one saving grace and glimmer of hope amid this Category 4 sh*tstorm is the idea of an empowered Senator Sanders. 
A week ago, House Speaker Paul Ryan made the fatal mistake of using Bernie Sanders as a scare tactic to ensure that Congress remains in Republican hands. At a gathering of Young Republicans, Ryan implored Republicans to take the polls on Election Day in order to stop the scary “ liberal progressive” agenda. Ryan punctuated his warning by saying “ If we lose the Senate, do you know who becomes chair of the Senate Budget Committee? A guy named Bernie Sanders. You ever heard of him?” 
Well, that single statement appears to have totally blown up in his face. 
It’s not yet clear if the populist and beloved Senator from Vermont would chair the Senate Budget Committee should Democrats take back the Senate, but what is clear is that Bernie Sanders is cashing in on Ryan’s comments. Paul Ryan said if Republicans lose the Senate, a guy named Bernie Sanders becomes Budget Committee Chair. Sounds like a plan! #ThanksPaul 
— Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) October 24, 2016 
Hoping to convince the intractable “Bernie or Bust” crowd that a Democratically-controlled Senate is the best way to carry out his very progressive agenda, Sanders implored his 3.76 million followers to donate to Democrats. The Sanders team went so far as launching a “We Heard You Paul!” appeal to small donors. And it’s working–insanely well. 
“Let’s thank Speaker Ryan for helping us raise $2.4 million this week from 500,000 contributions and show everyone how powerful the political revolution still is by using the hashtag #ThanksPaul across all social media channels today,” the Sanders camp announced Monday. 
Sanders is in this thing for the long run and has no intention of slowing down anytime soon. The only way to ensure Ryan’s threat becomes a reality is turning the Congress blue. 
Featured image via Alex Wong and Mark Wilson / Getty Share this Article!",0
3611,"Caroline Kennedy Dances in a Christmas Video, and Japan Can’t Get Enough - The New York Times","HONG KONG  —   The Japanese public pays careful attention to the words and deeds of Caroline Kennedy, the United States ambassador to Japan and one of the State Department’s   diplomats. But Ms. Kennedy generated an unusual buzz in Tokyo this week by doing something that is almost certainly not in her job description: wearing a Santa suit and dancing in a quirky video. The   video, uploaded to YouTube on Tuesday, features United States Embassy employees and consular officials across Japan mimicking dance moves from “We Married as a Job!” a popular Japanese television series. By Friday afternoon, the video had been viewed more than 3. 5 million times on YouTube. Some social media users said the timing of the video’s release, one week after an American military Osprey aircraft   off Okinawa, setting off   protests, was indelicate. But many others welcomed it as pure entertainment or as a sign of warm ties between the two countries. “Wow, this is great,” one person wrote in Japanese on YouTube. “Americans are really good at getting carried away. A boring Japanese government would never do this. ” The television series premiered in October and stars a lovelorn information technology worker who hires an unemployed woman to pretend to be his wife and do chores around his Tokyo apartment. They end up falling in love. The show’s closing dance features five characters performing goofy, choreographed moves in the man’s living room, to the sounds of a peppy song titled “Koi,’’ or “Love. ’’ It became a sensation on Japanese social media, and people around the country  —   including a group of famous figure skaters  —   have uploaded their own versions of the “Koi Dance. ” In the embassy’s version, Ms. Kennedy performs the opening move, which looks vaguely like a yoga pose, to the song from the show. Other scenes show members of her staff dancing around their offices in Christmas hats and sweaters, as one official lip syncs the lyrics. The video also includes a cameo by a person dressed as the bear Kumamon, the   mascot for the southern prefecture of Kumamoto, who dances beside a team of fake reindeer. Asked to comment on the video, Jonas D. Stewart, an embassy spokesman in Tokyo, said that “quite a few” of the embassy’s Japanese and American staff members were fans of the television show, and that they had been inspired to interpret the Koi Dance after watching others on social media. He also expressed gratitude to Kumamon for agreeing to dance in the embassy’s video. “We thought people would enjoy it,” he said, “but we had no idea how popular it would become. ”",0
3612,VP Pence Greets U.S. and South Korea Troops for Easter Sunday,"Vice President Mike Pence is spending Easter Sunday with both U. S. and Republic of Korea military troops as the first stop on a   tour that marks his first official travel to the   region as Vice President of the United States. [Pence took off on Air Force Two on Saturday with a stopover in Alaska and family and staff in tow.  The first stop is Seoul, Republic of Korea on April 16. Arriving on Easter Sunday, Pence spent the day with troops U. S. and Republic of Korea troops and their families. Pence and the second lady arrived in the afternoon at Seoul National Cemetery where the Vice President walked down a path lined with guards. He stopped at one point to acknowledge the troops, then continued on to a memorial tower. Accompanied by the superintendent of the cemetery, the head of the memorial division, Mrs. Pence and their two daughters, a guide walked them through steps of a ritual in English. The Vice President laid a wreath at the memorial wall. At Seoul National Cemetery, I laid a wreath to honor South Koreans who sacrificed their lives for the cause of freedom. #VPinASIA pic. twitter.   —   Vice President Pence (@VP) April 16, 2017,  After the wreath laying ceremony, the Pence family attended an Easter Sunday service at a Yongsan military base church. The service began with the traditional Resurrection Sunday call from the pastor of “Christ is arisen,” to which the congregation responded, “He has arisen indeed. ” In attendance were a couple hundred people and large choir. It was a distinct honor to join US  South Korean service members for fellowship during Easter service in Seoul. Happy Easter! #VPinASIA pic. twitter.   —   Vice President Pence (@VP) April 16, 2017,  After the service, The Vice President and Mrs. Pence moved to a room upstairs in the church where military troops were gathered and a meal, pink decor, flowers and U. S. and South Korean flags were displayed. Gen. Vincent Brooks, commander of United States Forces Korea, introduced the Vice President. Pence brought greetings and a message from    President Donald Trump, ”I spoke to the president earlier today and I spoke to him on the way over, and he asked me to be here, and he told me in no uncertain terms to make sure I told all of you ‘we’re proud of you and we’re grateful for your service. ” “The attention that this part of the world has got from people back home is probably no surprise,” he continued. “This morning’s provocation from the north is just the latest reminder of the risks each one of you face each and every day in the defense of the freedom of the people of South Korea and the defense of America in this part of the world. ” “Your willingness to step forward, to serve, to stand firm without fear, inspires,” he went on. The Vice President made mention of his father who served in the Korean War and won the bronze star in 1953. He remarked to the room: “I stand before you today very moved this Eastern Sunday, because one of those soldiers more than sixty years ago was my dad. As we landed today on the peninsula I looked out at those rolling hills and I thought about second lieutenant Edward J Pence who was with the 45th infantry division of the United States Army that served here in combat. ” He went on to say: “On this day I think of my dad. He’s been gone 29 years now and is still enshrined in the hearts of everyone in our family. And I think of what dad would be thinking about and I believe he is thinking about, as he looks down to see his third son return to that place he left so many years ago, and to see that the sacrifices that were made, the commitment that endures here as a result of a free and prosperous South Korea. ” We are so thankful for the blessing of these incredible patriots, and it was a privilege for Karen  me to spend Easter with them. #VPinASIA pic. twitter.   —   Vice President Pence (@VP) April 16, 2017,  Proud to represent @POTUS  the U. S. in South Korea today  —   here are some scenes from Day One of my   trip. #VPinAsia pic. twitter.   —   Vice President Pence (@VP) April 16, 2017,  Before leaving South Korea, the Vice President will participate in a bilateral meeting with Acting Republic of Korea Hwang  . He will also meet with National Assembly Speaker Chung   and hold a listening session with local business leaders. From South Korea Pence goes on to Japan, Indonesia, Australia and Hawaii. The entire   trip will span 53   hours and 21, 750 miles. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana ",0
3613,Opponent in Finals Requests Chapecoense Be Awarded the Title - The New York Times,"Atlético Nacional, the Colombian team that was to play Chapecoense of Brazil in the finals of the Copa Sudamericana soccer tournament this week, has asked the organization in charge of South American soccer to award the trophy to Chapecoense, which had nearly all of its players and coaches killed in a plane crash on Monday night. Nacional said in a statement on its website and its Twitter feed that it had requested that the South American confederation, Conmebol, cancel the   finals and declare Chapecoense the champion of the tournament, South America’s   prestigious club competition. “Atlético Nacional calls on Conmebol to award the title of the Copa Sudamericana to Chapecoense for its huge loss, and in posthumous homage to the victims killed in the accident,” the team said in a statement. The competition’s organizers acknowledged that the request had been made after the “unanimous agreement” of Nacional’s players. On Monday, Chapecoense was flying to Medellín, Colombia, for the first leg of the finals when its chartered plane crashed on the outskirts of the city, killing nearly everyone on board. The plane was carrying 77 people, and Colombia’s civilian aviation authority said that six people had survived the crash: three of the 22 players, two of the nine crew members and one of the 21 journalists accompanying the team. The teams in Brazil’s first division released a “statement of solidarity” with Chapecoense, volunteering to lend it players for the 2017 season. The teams also said they had issued a “formal request” to the Brazilian soccer federation that “Chapecoense not be subjected to relegation” for the next three years. “It is a minimum gesture of solidarity that is at our disposal,” the statement read. “But it is endowed with the sincere objective of reconstruction of this institution that Brazilian football has lost. ” Brazilian soccer officials ordered all games in the country canceled for a   mourning period beginning Tuesday, and around the world, other teams and leagues offered moments of silence before matches and  practice sessions. Teams and players used social media to offer their condolences to Chapecoense, a minor regional club whose rise to the country’s top division had led it to be described as the Cinderella of Brazilian soccer. As recently as 2009, the club was playing in Brazil’s fourth tier. Two years ago, it won promotion to the country’s top flight, and its berth in the Copa Sudamericana finals brought the promise of the biggest games in the club’s history. Juliano Belletti, a former defender for Barcelona, Chelsea and the Brazilian national team, said the club’s rise through the ranks had “brought joy and hope” to the entire country. The Italian club Torino and the English powerhouse Manchester United also posted poignant condolences on Twitter. Each club’s history includes its own air disaster: Torino’s team was decimated in 1949 when a plane carrying 22 players crashed into a mountain, and Manchester United met with a similar catastrophe in 1958 when 23 people died in a crash in Germany as the club returned from a European Cup game. One of the members of the Chapecoense squad on board the chartered flight was Danilo, a goalkeeper who was reported to have died at a hospital after being rescued from the wreckage.",0
3614,London Bankers Fearful of Brexit Blowback,"London Bankers Fearful of Brexit Blowback October 27, 2016 London Bankers Fearful of Brexit Blowback 
London's financial district has called for a UK regulatory regime that does not harm competitiveness, responding to bankers' fears that being outside the European Union will reduce the capital's clout in global markets. The City of London's Lord Mayor, Jeffrey Mountevans , will tell regulators at a dinner on Wednesday evening that after Britain's vote in June to leave the EU, ""realistic, collaborative"" regulation is needed to keep the sector on an even keel. ""Regulation that will continue to protect our competitiveness and provide liberal market influence across the EU, even after Brexit,"" Mountevans said in remarks released to the media in advance of the annual Mansion House dinner for bankers and regulators. The City is crying out for a consistent and forward-looking Brexit strategy that has a ""bold, bright, buccaneering vision of the future"", Mountevans will say. Some will see this as harking back to a discredited past. 
(LONDON) - This week the City marks 30 years since the day of the ""Big Bang"" deregulation of London's financial markets that helped to propel London to the top of the league table of global financial centers. 
The financial crisis of 2007-09 then forced taxpayers to bail out undercapitalized and poorly supervised lenders, tarnishing the ""light touch"" regulatory approach and ushering in a welter of tougher rules. 
READ MORE: BRITISH PRIME MINISTER READY FOR DIFFICULT MOMENTS IN BREXIT TALKS 
But since the Brexit vote, Paris, Frankfurt, Luxembourg and Dublin have vied to win a slice of the City's financial pie should banks and other companies move operations to other countries to maintain full access to EU markets. 
Backers of Brexit have also voiced hopes for an end to EU rules such as caps on banker bonuses. 
But Andrew Bailey, chief executive of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), who is also due to speak at the Mansion House dinner, has scotched talk of a post-Brexit bonfire of the regulations. 
At a launch of the FCA's public consultation on a new ""mission"" statement on Wednesday, Bailey said he would not support making competitiveness an objective. 
""The thing that we can contribute to competitiveness is sound regulation,"" Bailey told reporters. ""It's not appropriate, in my view, to have a competitiveness objective."" Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",0
3615,OPEC Fails to Agree as U.S. Energy Industry Ramps Up,"Email 
After 12 hours of effort to hash out an agreement to cut oil production that can be presented formally to the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (flag shown) in November, 14 oil ministers meeting in Vienna over the weekend gave birth to — a goose egg. Without an agreement, the November 30 gathering is likely to be irrelevant, just as the cartel itself is becoming. 
Every cartel eventually blows up due to members unwilling to abide by agreements, cheating, creating side agreements, and in general seeking their own self interests. So it is with OPEC. At the Vienna meeting, Iran complained that it is really producing more than reported, while Iraq wanted a dispensation similar to Iran’s (which has allowed the country to expand its production back to pre-sanction levels), claiming that it has a war to fight and needs the revenues. 
Venezuela, the UAE (United Arab Emirates), and Kuwait are each facing their own special problems — Venezuela in particular. President Nicolás Maduro made a personal trip to Vienna (some said in order to get away from the increasing unrest back home) to press the point: He needs more money to cover the increasing deficits his socialist policies are costing his government. 
At the end of the day, several things were clear: First, there was no agreement, nor is one likely. If OPEC countries can’t agree, how could any non-OPEC oil producers (such as Russia) be persuaded to go along with any agreement to cut production to raise prices? 
Second, any production cut (if there is one) would likely be borne primarily by OPEC’s largest producer, Saudi Arabia, which just completed its first (and perhaps last?) global bond offering for $18 billion initiated to slow the liquidation of its foreign reserves. Last year it liquidated nearly $100 billion of those reserves while playing the increasingly unsuccessful and costly game of chicken with U.S. producers. 
In addition, U.S. energy producers are already announcing new capital expenditures while bringing on rigs that were temporarily idled during the downturn. Nick Cunningham, writing for OilPrice.com, noted another problem facing OPEC: In January there were 5,576 DUCs — drilled but uncompleted wells — just waiting for the right conditions for them to be completed. Since then more than 500 of them have been brought online, profitably, with most of the rest, according to observers, likely to be completed by the second quarter of 2017 — barely five months from now. What OPEC ultimately is facing is the vast and increasing disparity between what it costs them to bring a barrel of oil to the surface, and what it costs for American producers to complete a DUC. Since most of the up-front costs have already been expended, the marginal cost to bring a DUC well online is way below the current price of $50 a barrel. The math is persuasive, and U.S. oil producers are reacting accordingly. 
In other words, OPEC is engaged in a game that it initiated and which it is now discovering that it cannot win and cannot quit. In the process, OPEC is becoming increasingly irrelevant while U.S. producers are pushing ahead, continuing to turn America into a country that is not only self-sufficient for its own energy needs but is also increasingly supplying the world. 
The OPEC bickering is likely to intensify as the reality sinks in that the cartel has painted itself into a corner. Venezuela is facing existential questions, while most of the others are on an unsustainable path of decreasing revenues to fund socialist welfare programs that were never affordable and are now strangling the governments. 
It’s likely that those revenues will continue to fall despite what OPEC may do (or more likely, not do) in November. Investors and producers are expecting oil prices to fall sharply, as measured by their “short” positions in the futures markets. According to the Energy Information Administration (EIA), there were more than 540,000 short positions (taken by those expecting oil prices to fall) as of October 11 — the most in nearly 10 years. Image: OPEC flag 
An Ivy League graduate and former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American magazine and blogs frequently at LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .  ",0
3616,"Pence at Vandalized Jewish Cemetery: ’No Place’ for Hatred, Acts of Prejudice or Violence, or Anti-Semitism - Breitbart","“There is no place in America for hatred or acts of prejudice or violence or ” Pence says at vandalized Jewish cemetery pic. twitter.  Wednesday, Vice President Mike Pence spoke at the Chesed Shel Emeth Society Cemetery in University Park, MO outside of St. Louis at least a hundred headstones were destroyed over the weekend.  Pence, speaking on a megaphone, condemned the acts and declared there was no place for acts of hatred, prejudice, violence or  . “I’m Mike Pence, and I’m the Vice President of the United States of America,” Pence said. “I spoke words earlier today in St. Louis that were from the heart. There is no place in America for hatred or acts of prejudice or violence or  . I must tell you, the people of Missouri are inspiring the nation by your love and care for this place, for the Jewish community in Missouri, and I want to thank you for that inspiration, for showing the world what America’s really all about. ” “On behalf of the President of the United States, let me just say thank you to all of you for coming out and showing the heart of this state and the heart of this nation in this place,” he added. “You just make us all proud. God bless you all. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
3617,The 10x Developer,"Remy Porter Remy escaped the enterprise world and now works as a consultant. Editor-in-Chief for TDWTF. 
“You’re going to learn quite a bit from Burt,” Burt said. “He’s one of the best.” 
Davide blinked. He wondered if his new boss spoke about himself in the third person as a matter of course. Cautiously, he said, “Well… I hope so?” 
“Burt’s been with us since the beginning,” Burt continued. “Nobody but nobody knows our systems and our environment better than he does. He’s one of those… whatchacallits …” Burt glanced around his desk, and found what he was looking for- a glossy trade-mag with a cover story about the most productive developers. “A Ten-X developer. We’re really lucky to have him, and you’re really lucky to work with him.” 
Burt was not speaking in the third person. Burt, the CTO of the company, was a huge fan of Burt, the lead developer at the company. When Davide was hired on, CTO-Burt spent a lot of time praising the genius of Dev-Burt. Once David started working, he didn’t see CTO-Burt very much, but Dev-Burt also was eager to talk about what a genius he was. 
“Not just anybody can manage a system with 100KLOC, mostly by themselves,” Dev-Burt said. “But stick with me, and maybe you’ll learn.” 
Dev-Burt’s genius was questionable. Five minutes skimming the code-base made it clear that Dev-Burt had the coding conventions of a drunken lemur. The only thing that made the code even slightly readable was that most of it was in Python, and thus had to be indented logically. That was the only logical thing about it. Some variables were named in camelCase , others in snake_case . Half of them were just alwayslowercase . Function names were generally more consistent, only because there were fewer of them: Dev-Burt was the kind of developer that just loved to write 5,000 line functions. There were plenty of global variables, plenty of spaghettified code, and plenty “god” objects that mashed together thirty unrelated behaviors into one mess that behaved differently depending on which specific flags you set. 
Dev-Burt was too busy being a 10x developer to give Davide any guidance about what he was supposed to do. The only coding conventions appeared to be “Dev-Burt does whatever Dev-Burt wants.” From time to time, Davide would pick up tickets as they came through, tracking down and patching bugs, but mostly he tried to find opportunities to refactor the code and add some unit tests. 
This radical behavior lead to a tense meeting with the Burts. 
“Burt tells me you’re causing problems,” CTO-Burt said. 
“He’s making a mess out of my code,” Dev-Burt complained. “He’s making it more complicated!” 
“I was just refactoring it so-” 
“There he goes,” Dev-Burt said, throwing a hand in the air, “using his made up buzzwords. Look, we’ve got product to ship, and your refractioning isn’t getting us anywhere. I wouldn’t mind so much, but it’s eating into my own time, and making it harder for me to get work done!” 
“That’s bad,” CTO-Burt timed in. “Because Burt’s a Ten-X developer. His time’s ten more times as valuable as yours.” 
At least, after the meeting, Davide had clear rules to follow: Dev-Burt does whatever he wants, Davide does whatever Dev-Burt tells him to, and Davide was not to touch any code unless it was to deal with a ticket assigned to him by CTO-Burt. 
This gave Davide a lot of downtime, during which he could watch the codebase grow. It was true, Dev-Burt was a 10x developer, in the sense that he could write ten times as much code as necessary and he’d often write the same code ten times, in different places in the application. 
One day, while wondering if this made Dev-Burt the first 100x developer, Davide received a new ticket. One of the automated jobs had failed, dumping a stack trace to the log, and it kept failing every hour. It didn’t seem to be having any other effects, but CTO-Burt wanted it fixed. 
Davide assumed there was an un-handled error, and dug through the stack trace to find the offending code. He was half right. Once he cut away the bulk of the logic, the basic structure of the method was this: def manage_expectations(*args,**kwargs): try: #about 1,200 lines of code except Exception, e: raise e 
So, Dev-Burt had handled the exception… by re-throwing it. A few hours picking apart the function, and it was clear that the underlying problem was a FileNotFoundError when scanning a logfile for messages- there was no guarantee that the logfile would exist. It was easy enough to make the code fail gracefully when it encountered the exception, but that might be considered “refractioning”, and so Davide needed to ask Dev-Burt for permission first. 
“Hey, Burt,” Davide asked, “can you pull up some code for me?” He pointed to the raise e and said, “Why are you doing that? Why is that there?” 
Dev-Burt nodded, stroking his chin thoughtfully. “That’s an exception handler,” he said. 
“Yes, I know that . Why is that raise there?” 
“Hmm… I guess I’m not sure. What does the raise command do?” 
Davide went back to his desk, fixed the exception handler, and then started sending out resumes. He’d learned everything he needed to from Dev-Burt, and was now ready to fail gracefully out of this job. [Advertisement] Application Release Automation for DevOps – integrating with best of breed development tools. Free for teams with up to 5 users. Download and learn more today!",0
3618,"CHAOS! Woman Says Trump RAPED Her at Age 13, Schedules Press Conference, Then FALLS APART!","0 comments Reporters filled the room for the alleged victim’s Press Conference, then it went down like this… An anonymous woman, known as Jane Doe, scheduled a Press Conference today to speak publicly, for the first time, about her story of rape. She says that, in 1994, she was offered modeling work and money in exchange for her attendance to a series of parties. These parties were to be held at the home of Jeffrey Epstein, who is now a convicted, registered sex offender. Epstein served thirteen months of an eighteen month sentence for running a prostitution process that involved minors. It should be noted that former President William Jefferson Clinton, husband of Democrat Presidential Nominee Hillary Clinton, has been tied to Jeffrey Epstein. Allegedly, Bill Clinton flew on Epstein’s jet multiple times, and even ditched his Security Detail more than once to do so. Epstein is reported to run a vacation island where wealthy individuals can go to have sex with strangers. According to Jane Doe, she attended four parties at Epstein’s venue, and Donald Trump approached her in a sexual way at every party. Allegedly, Trump raped her at the fourth and final party that she attended. Now, one week before the Presidential Election of 2016, Jane Doe scheduled a Press Conference to speak of her experience, publicly, for the first time. Doe is represented by Lisa Bloom, daughter of celebrity ambulance-chasing lawyer Gloria Allred. She is asking for $75,000 in damages. Trump’s response to the allegation is clear. “The allegations are not only categorically false, but disgusting at the highest level and clearly framed to solicit media attention or, perhaps, are simply politically motivated. There is absolutely no merit to these allegations. Period.” The Press Conference was to happen today, but, unfortunately for Jane Doe’s lawyer, was cancelled. Lisa Bloom cancels press conference said Jane Doe against Trump accuser has received threats and is too scared pic.twitter.com/et5HnhfOJk 
— Claudia Rosenbaum (@CJRosenbaum) November 2, 2016 According to the attorney: “Jane Doe has received numerous threats today, as have all the Trump accusers that I have represented,” Bloom told reporters. “She is living in fear. She has decided that she is too afraid to show her face. She has been here all day, ready to do it, but unfortunately, she’s in terrible fear.” So, too bad for Hillary, as well, the photo op did not happen. In the event that this event is new to you, here are “5 Fast Facts” about the case: 1. She Says Trump Raped Her When She Was 13 Years Old 2. Donald Trump Knew Jeffrey Epstein at the Time 3. The Statute of Limitations for Rape in New York Has Expired 4. Trump Calls the Allegation ‘Categorically False’ and ‘Disgusting’ 5. Her Attorney is Lisa Bloom, the Daughter of Gloria Allred Will this case amount to a hill of beans in the 2016 Election? Probably not, but who knows at this time. One thing is certain: more craziness is to come!",0
3619,VP Mike Pence Promises Obamacare Repeal to Begin in a ’Few Days’ - Breitbart,"The Obamacare repeal is “going to start happening in just a few days,” Vice President Mike Pence promised a crowd gathered on Friday at Blaine’s Farm and Fleet Distribution Center in Janesville, Wisc. [The goal, he said, is to “eliminate all its mandates and taxes and intrusion into your personal lives and into the lives of your business,” he said shortly after House Speaker Paul Ryan introduced Pence to the crowd.  “We both know the fundamental truth of our economy: when small business is strong, America is strong, and we’re gonna fight every day for small business America,” said Pence. Pence said states would be given the resources and flexibility needed to “take care of our most vulnerable,” he said. “When we repeal and replace Obamacare that we’re gonna allow states to have the flexibility to craft   solutions that will work for the people of their individual states,” he said. “The truth is is virtually every promise of Obamacare has been broken,” said Pence. Today Americans are paying $3, 000 dollars a year more on average for their health insurance than when Obamacare was passed into law and premiums are skyrocketing, last year by more than 25 percent on average around the country. Millions have lost their plans and lost their doctors. And not only that, Obamacare   …     is a job killer and everybody knows it. The Vice President cited   business   a company President Donald Trump spoke of during his Tuesday night address to a joint session of Congress. “After years of delays, for instance, President Trump authorized the construction of the Keystone and Dakota pipelines creating thousands of American jobs and strengthening our energy infrastructure,” Pence offered as evidence of Trump’s efforts to restart the American economy. Pence credited Trump with signing legislation to “roll back reams of red tape” while also thanking Congress, Speaker Ryan and Sen. Johnson for sending that legislation to Trump’s desk. He added that Trump has called on every government agency to roll back two regulations for each new regulation they want to issue any new regulations on businesses and entrepreneurs. “He’s taken decisive action to end illegal immigration once and for all, to strengthen our borders and uphold the laws of the United States of America,” Pence said of the President. He said that American businesses have responded to Trump’s calls to buy American and hire American. The Vice President heavily emphasized the weight placed on businesses and American families by the Affordable Care Act. “It’s just a long list of broken promises,” said Pence. He called Obamacare promises of the cost of health insurance going down, patients being able to keep their doctor and being able to keep their insurance, “not true. ” “I’m going to make you a promise, you heard the President say it and give direction to the Congress, and it’s just going to start happening in just a few days. We’re gonna repeal Obamacare once and for all and eliminate all its mandates and taxes and intrusion into your personal lives and into the lives of your business,” pledged Pence. He went on to promise it would be replaced with a better law that will lower health insurance costs without growing the size of government. Pence again referenced Trump’s Tuesday night speech, stating that the Trump Administration will end government mandated health insurance, allow it to be sold across state lines creating a national marketplace for health insurance that he said would be the catalyst to lowering health insurance costs. Pence went on to speak of select additional aspects of the Trump Administration agenda, “Jobs, jobs, jobs. ” He said that the President would be involved in overseeing the biggest tax relief package since President Ronald Reagan’s Administration. He promised to roll back regulations, rein in unelected bureaucrats, end wasteful spending and provide the best roads, airports, and highways through infrastructure improvements. “President Trump stands with the men and women who serve in law enforcement all across this country like no one I’ve ever met,” said Pence. He said they would make sure that those who come into the country don’t pose a threat to Americans. President Donald Trump and the leadership of this Congress will rebuild the military, make sure armed forces have the training and resources they need to protect this nation starting now, said Pence. Pence defined what it looks like to Make America Great Again, “Health care reform, tax reform, regulatory reform, taking steps to make America secure, ensuring that the highest court in the land upholds our highest ideals. ” The Vice President spoke of those “who want to stick with the status quo,” but said Trump would “deliver on this moment” for the people of the United States of America. “Whether it’s the media, the establishment insiders or the rest, They have no problem standing in the way of change. ” In closing, Pence said, “Whatever challenges we face today, we’re going to stay in the   business. ” Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana ",0
3620,Texas Legislators Duped on Bathroom Bill by Lefty Progressive Donor,"The president of the Texas Association of Business (TAB) duped Texas lawmakers with false claims of economic destruction if legislators pass a bill protecting women and children in the privacy of their bathrooms and dressing areas. Few people know the history of this business association leader’s Democratic voting record and donations to   political groups that push a    agenda under the guise of equality. [TAB President Chris Wallace appears to be attempting to pull the wool over the eyes of Texas legislators about the possible loss of business and tax revenue to the state if it passes Senate Bill 6, also known as the “bathroom bill. ” Citing “dire consequences” for the state, Wallace is attempting to “warn leaders” that passing the bill would cost the state of Texas 185, 000 jobs and $8. 5 billion in lost revenue from lost sporting events, concerts, conventions and other business related losses.  These claims have been discredited by none other than the    Politifact who rated his claims as “Mostly False. ” Politifact defines “Mostly False” to mean the statement contains an element of truth but ignores critical facts that would give a different impression. Politifact surmised: The TAB said a study projects up to $8. 5 billion in lost GDP and up to 185, 000 lost jobs in Texas if lawmakers approve a discriminatory measure like proposals in other states. Such a law might cause economic shivers. But we find this study’s headlined figures, reached about 13 months ago, to be based on predicted or actual effects of discriminatory mandates in Arizona, Louisiana and Indiana that didn’t make it into law or were rescinded or softened. Moreover, not all the study’s numbers, calculations and assumptions proved solid and a key figure, reflecting on Indiana losing $1. 5 billion in conventions, doesn’t appear to have a documented basis. The Texas Tribune summarized the intent of SB6 stating, “Senate Bill 6, one of Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick’s legislative priorities, would require transgender people to use bathrooms in public schools, government buildings and public universities based on ‘biological sex.’ The measure would also   local nondiscrimination ordinances that allow transgender Texans to use the bathroom that corresponds with their gender identity. ” The bill creates guidelines that only impact government buildings including schools and universities. It does not address what businesses do with their bathrooms or changing rooms. Texas State Senator Paul Bettencourt ( ) also debunked the threats made by Wallace and noted there had been no economic impact in Houston after the city reversed Mayor Parker’s bathroom ordinance. During the Senate committee hearing on the bill, Senator Bettencourt and Senator Kelly Hancock (  Richland Hills) picked Wallace’s testimony apart.  This raises the question as to why a respected organization like the TAB would go out on a limb with easily discredited statements. Dr. Steve Hotze suggests in the Conservative Republicans of Texas News that Wallace is more motivated by a political agenda than the interests of the businesses he represents. Hotze wrote: Chris Wallace’s political allegiances and philosophy are demonstrated by his voting record and by his political contributions to the Texas Democrat Party, to numerous Democrat candidates and to the No Nonsense in November PAC that opposed the Texas Constitution Marriage Amendment in 2005. Wallace has made contributions to the Texas Democrat Party, Al Gore against George Bush in 2004, Obama for America in 2008, Bill White for Governor against Gov. Abbott in 2009 and 2010, Wendy Davis against Gov. Abbott in 2014, Leticia Van de Putte against Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick in 2014, and four separate contributions to the Human Rights (Campaign) PAC in 2016. The Human Rights (Campaign) PAC describes itself as the “largest national lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer civil rights organization. ” The Human Rights Campaign (HRC) PAC supports candidates who “have a solid history of support for lesbian and gay equality” (www. hrc. org). In 2016, the HRC opposed Donald Trump, while supporting Hillary Clinton. Wallace financially supports this homosexual front group. Wallace has voted numerous times in the Democrat Primary, and yet he has been hired as the spokesman for conservative Texas businessmen. “These facts are well documented,” former Harris County GOP Chairman Jared Woodfill told Breitbart Texas late this week. “We have copies of his voting record and the contributions made to the Human Rights Commission PAC which supports the LGBT agenda. ” SB6, authored by State Senator Lois Kolkhorst ( ) passed the Senate in a bipartisan vote of   on March 15 after a lengthy hearing and public testimony on the matter and moved it forward to the House. State Senator Eddie Lucio, Jr. joined with the Republican majority in supporting the bill’s passage. The bill has not yet been scheduled for a committee hearing in the House. It is expected to face tougher opposition and could possibly die in the committee or in the Calendars committee before coming to the House Floor for a vote. “All we want is an up or down vote,” Jared Woodfill told Breitbart Texas. “The people should not be denied the right to know where their representatives stand on this issue. ” Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
3621,78 Killed in Iraq Before Troops Pause Advance Towards Mosul,"Share This The International Organization for Migration estimates that almost 16,000 people have been displaced by fighting since the Mosul operation against the Islamic State militants began. But, there are also reports that tens of thousands more have been forcibly moved from their homes to be used as human shields. Colonel John Dorrian , a Coalition spokesman, said about 2,500 bombs, missiles, rockets and shells have been dropped during the Mosul campaign. Amnesty International has called on all belligerents to cease or resist using white phosphorous around civilians. Shi’ite militiamen say that they could begin their advance towards Tal Afar any day now. However, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu has threatened to retaliate against any attack on Tal Afar, which is home to many of the Turkmen minority group. Security forces have paused in their advance towards Mosul. The break may take a couple of days as troops reorganize themselves, consolidate their gains, and double check for militants in captured areas. At least 78 people were killed :",0
3622,"‘The Art of the Qur’an,’ a Rare Peek at Islam’s Holy Text - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   “The Art of the Qur’an: Treasures From the Museum of Turkish and Islamic Arts,” at the Arthur M. Sackler Gallery here, is the first major United States display of handwritten copies of Islam’s holy text. It’s a glorious show, utterly, and like nothing I’ve ever seen, with more than 60 burnished and gilded books and folios, some as small as smartphones, others the size of carpets. Flying carpets, I should say. This is art of a beauty that takes us straight to heaven. And it reminds us of how much we don’t know  —   but, given a chance like this, will love to learn  —   about a religion and a culture lived by, and treasured by, a quarter of the world’s population. The manuscripts, most on   loan from a venerable museum in Istanbul, date from the seventh to 17th centuries, and come from various points: Afghanistan, Egypt, Iraq, Iran, Syria, Turkey. Some volumes are intact others survive as only single pages, though so great is the Quran’s spiritual charisma that, traditionally, every scrap is deemed worthy of preserving. And the Sackler curators, Massumeh Farhad and Simon Rettig, give the material all the glamour it deserves, with a duskily lighted installation in which everything seems to glow and float,  . The word Quran (or Koran) is derived from an Arabic verb for speaking from memory or reading aloud. And the book originated with the sound of a voice heard by a man named Muhammad ibn Abdullah near Mecca, the city in what is now Saudi Arabia. A trader by profession, he was in the habit of spending periods of reflection in a cave outside of town. On one visit, in A. D. 610, when he was 40, he heard a command, seemingly coming from nowhere, in Arabic: Fearing for his sanity, he fled the cave. But he returned, and the voice, which belonged to the Angel Gabriel, spoke again, bringing a message from God. The message named Muhammad prophet of a new monotheistic religion and explained its tenets and beliefs to him. He began to share what he’d heard, but encountered violent resistance, and had to move to another city, Medina. The voice followed him there and would continue to speak until Muhammad’s death in 632. By that point, the new religion, called Islam  —   “submission, surrender”  —   had found its footing and attracted followers, though the words Muhammad heard had been only partly written down. With the prophet himself gone, and his closest companions aging, there was fear that the revelations would be lost. So a great effort of copying, collecting and collating began, and by the end of the seventh century, the Quran acquired something like a final shape. A curious shape it is. About the length of the New Testament, the book has 114 chapters, or suras, all but one beginning with the same invocation: “In the name of God, the Merciful, the Compassionate. ” Some chapters run several pages others are just a few lines. Many of the shortest are urgent and rousing: They seem to record what Muhammad heard in those first   sessions in the cave. Yet they tend to come toward the back of the book, while longer, later passages  —   about communal practicalities and social justice  —   are placed up front. There are many theories addressing this ordering, but no final explanation. The Quran, like all foundational religious texts, is a tangle of ambiguities and mysteries, to which endless annotations can be, and are being, written. And the pen, along with the voice, became the book’s primary medium. The physical act of copying the text was thought to bring blessings  —   baraka  —   to the writer, though the earliest example in the show looks like a    job. Dating from the late seventh or early eighth century, and found in the archives of the Great Mosque in Damascus, it’s a   parchment folio covered almost edge to edge with Quranic passages. Written in an informal script, with chapter divisions barely acknowledged, it looks more like a personal letter than like a religious text. Over time, though, highly refined penmanship styles, visual equivalents to the cadences of the spoken word, were designed specifically for the Quran, and masters of those styles were revered as cultural stars. So wide was the fame of the   Baghdad artist Ibn   (“son of the doorman”) that his signature was routinely forged, as is the case with a Quran in the show that bears his name but was copied by someone else. One of his   Baghdad successors, Yaqut   was comparably celebrated. When a Mongol army laid waste to the city in 1258, his life was spared so that he could work for the new rulers, which he did for years. Although very few genuine examples of his work are now known, the show has one. Largely because of its Quranic association, calligraphy came to be regarded as the greatest of Islamic art forms, sacred or secular. Spilling out of books onto wall tiles, ceramic vessels, glass lamps, textiles, mosque domes and building facades, it was both a sensual and ideological unifier, totalizingly utopian in the way that Mondrian’s environmental Modernism would be. Yet calligraphy was not the only elaborating gloss applied to the Quran. After the introduction of paper from China in the eighth century, copying the text on parchment  —   animal skin  —   fell into disfavor, and all kinds of experimentation came into play. Multivolume Qurans  —   30 volumes was a typical number, corresponding to the days of Ramadan  —   became more common as paper made them easier to produce, and compact   versions gained in popularity. Size increased. The show has two pages from one of the largest Qurans on record. Probably made for the Mongol emperor Timur around 1400, they’re the equivalent of    billboard advertisements for institutional power: the power of rulers, patrons, artists, religion, the Quran itself. Over the centuries, the holy book became increasingly treated as an aesthetic object and a ritual instrument. Symbols were introduced to orchestrate the   recitation of its contents: indicators of where to pause, where to place emphasis, how to pronounce words. These signs, exquisitely painted, wreathed the text in networks of florets, medallions and arabesques, done in   blue or   gold. Material preciousness became an end in itself, turning Qurans into prestige objects and political currency, valued as diplomatic gifts, as war booty and as pious,   donations to mosques and mausoleums. Many Qurans in the Museum of Turkish and Islamic Arts’ collection were transferred there from royal tombs at the turn of the 20th century, when Europe was plundering Turkey for art. The impression of the Washington exhibition is of splendor, not just from book to book and page to page, but within individual pages, with their nested divisions, their lustrous ornaments and their sprouting, rolling, singing Arabic phrases, which form the ethical heart of a faith and a culture. In a short video at the start of the show, we learn how these elements work together: A male voice intones one of the suras simultaneously, an animated version of the Arabic text appears, spelled out in gold, on the screen, with an English translation below. Once inside the show, though, we don’t have the voice, and we only occasionally have translations. What we have are the written words, which, for those of us who don’t read Arabic, we must accept as examples of   . Is that enough? The day I was at the museum, there were just a few   visitors, and of those, several were women wearing hijabs. I watched them as they looked intently at the manuscripts arrayed around us, and I knew they were seeing things I couldn’t see, and feeling things I couldn’t feel, because they could read the words. I was aware  —   and this is an easy perception  —   of the larger barriers of unknowing that stand between art and understanding, and of the barriers that stand between cultures, barriers that have, among other things, led our United States   to propose banning entry to this country for women like these, who cover their heads and read a book that most of us don’t, and can’t. Soon that   will take up residence mere blocks from the Sackler. This show will still be on then. Will he see it? We can hope. But whether or not he does, some of us did, and stayed a long time, looking at, and lingering over, miraculously beautiful things and sharing, in different but not so different ways, the blessing that beauty brings.",0
3623,"OBAMA TRIES TO PASS LAST SECOND EXECUTIVE ORDER, FURIOUS AFTER CONGRESS BLOCKS HIS ATTEMPT","Posted by Matthew Bernstein | Nov 18, 2016 | American Strength He Wasn’t Happy At The Latest Bill That Was Passed 
As we all know the country has spoken and Donald Trump is set to be the 45 th president of the United States. He won the election fair and square, despite what the whiny liberals have to say about it. Of course that means that with his victory, President Obama is on his way out. 
We are literally two months away from having President Obama leave the White House. That is something that should be applauded, considering the destruction that he has caused the country over the past eight years. But there was a fear that some Republicans had regarding the time leftover in office. 
Considering the fact that Obama is leaving, there were fears that he was going to pass some legislation that would affect the country and be nearly impossible for Trump to repeal. These were going to be called the “Midnight Rules” and it was going to ensure that Trump was going to have some issues before tackling the issues he wanted to tackle the most. 
Except that fear is NO MORE. The House of Representatives passed legislation, by a margin of 240-179, allows Congress to undo any of the last-minute rules and regulations that were going to be put on the books before President Obama leaves office. 
The bill’s sponsor, Representative Darrell Issa, a Republican out of California and the former chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, had this to say about the bill. “This bipartisan bill is about reviving the separation of powers to ensure our laws are written by the representatives we actually vote for – not unelected and unaccountable bureaucrats who are on their way out the door.” 
This was put into place to make sure that Obama doesn’t try to sneak any last minute laws by that would further his agenda. Which means that any law that he thinks is going to get through is going to get shut down by the GOP controlled Congress. Obama’s Plans To Push His Agenda Through Last Second Have Been Just Squashed 
“Presidents of both parties have made habit of enacting scores of last-minute regulations, with little oversight, to sneak in as much of their agenda as possible before the clock runs out on their time in office.” And there is still so much more that Obama wants to put in. After all, he was in favor of adding as many Syrian refugees as possible. 
“The bill helps ensure this President, and any future president, will be held in check and that their policies have the proper level of scrutiny by both Congress and the American people. I’m pleased to see the House pass this important measure and look forward to its quick passage by our colleagues in the Senate.” 
This was an important bill because Obama has shown that he is willing to undermine the Constitution. He has done so repeatedly, including one of the more recent examples being the $1.7 billion that he sent to Iran as part of the ransom payment for four American hostages. 
And it wasn’t just members of Congress that were excited about this bill. FreedomWorks CEO Adam Brandon was also pleased with the House vote. He committed his Washington-based logistics and policy hub for conservative activists to working with Capitol Hill conservatives in making sure that law-making authority returns to Congress. 
“The Obama administration’s regulatory agenda has been damaging to the economy and the destructive to separation of powers in Article I of the Constitution.” He is completely right. The Constitution ensures that there is supposed to be a separation of powers between the branches and make sure that one of the branches isn’t more powerful than the other. Obama Continues To Try And Destroy Our Constitution 
Obama has proved over and over again that he wanted to go over the powers of Congress to make sure that his agenda was secure. This includes the fact that he tried to have millions of millions of illegal immigrants granted amnesty so that they were able to stay in the country and possibly vote. 
And they ended up voting! In this last election there were three million illegal immigrants that cast a ballot. That was despite the fact that they weren’t allowed to vote considering that they aren’t legal citizens of the United States! And yet the liberals were all in favor of this because they were all voting for Hillary . Anything to help her out right liberals? 
Not to mention that his ability to go over Congress has corrupted the minds of the younger generation. There have been several petitions out there that wanted to change the very basis of how this country works. First there was a petition that wanted to change the basis of electing the next president. 
And the second petition that was going around included people asking that President Obama go over his Constitutional policies to appoint the next Supreme Court member without the consent of the Senate. Of course that is just another example of people saying that he should do what he can to overthrow the Constitution . 
Share this article with your friends and family to show them that Congress has just passed a law that is going to make it impossible for Obama to implement any of his policies at the last second. This rule is going to make it impossible for him to try and push his agenda. 
This was the necessary change that needed to happen. President Obama has done enough to undermine the Constitution since he first sat in office eight years ago. And now any plans that he had to continue to do so until Trump gets into office have been destroyed.",0
3624,U.S. Army: 95 Percent of Brigade Combat Teams Unprepared to Fight,"WASHINGTON  —   Only three of the 58 U. S. Army Brigade Combat Teams (BCTs) are capable of immediately joining the fight in the event of a major conflict, Gen. Daniel Allyn, vice chief of staff of the Army, told lawmakers. [According to the general, about   of the 58 BCTs in the Army, the largest U. S. military branch, are deemed ready, but “only three” of those “could be called upon to fight tonight in the event of a crisis. ”  The rest would require about 30 days to prepare. That means only about five percent of brigade combat teams are ready to engage in immediate combat in the event of a major conflict. Gen. Allyn also warned that only   of the Army’s Combat Aviation Brigades and half our the branch’s Division Headquarters are ready to carry out their duties, noting that due to budget cuts and constraints the soldiers can only do what the country requires of them while assuming “high risk. ” He revealed: In total, only about   of the Army’s initial critical formations  —   the formations we would need at the outset of a major conflict  —   are at acceptable levels of readiness to conduct sustained ground combat in a full spectrum environment against a highly lethal hybrid threat or   adversary. Stated more strategically, based on current readiness levels, the Army can only accomplish Defense Planning Guidance Requirements at high military risk. Gen. Allyn’s comments came during a House Armed Services Committee hearing Tuesday focused on the state of the U. S. armed forces. He explained: When we say fight tonight that means that unit needs no additional people, no additional training, and no additional equipment and that is where we’re at today. And those we say are ready  —   the [estimated] one third of our forces that are ready  —   require somewhere in the range of 30 days to ensure that they have everything they need to meet the demands of immediate combat. “You’re kind of hoping an enemy would be accommodating and give us the 30 days so that we can be ready,” noted Rep. Mac Thornberry, chairman of the House armed services panel. As it stands now, the U. S. Army risks a belated response to a major crisis, warned the Army general. Referring to readiness, he testified: Basically what it comes down to is the term  …     from Gen. [Douglas]  McArthur “We would be too late to need. ” Our soldiers will arrive to late. Our units will require too much time to close the equipping and manning and training gaps. And as you highlighted “hope” is not a method and we cannot count on the enemy providing us that window of opportunity to close those those gaps. The end result is excessive casualties both to innocent civilians and to our forces  …    ” Budget cuts and policy decisions have decimated the U. S. military, both in terms of manpower, equipment, and, most importantly, readiness, according to the   officials from the various branches, including Gen. Allyn, who testified Tuesday. “To meet the demands of today’s unstable global security environment and maintain the trust placed in us by the American people, our Army requires sustained,   and predictable funding,” declared Army Gen. Allyn. “Absent additional legislation, the caps set by the Budget Control Act of 2011 [also known as sequestration] will return in FY18, forcing the Army to once again draw down end strength, reduce funding for readiness, and increase the risk of sending   and poorly equipped Soldiers into harm’s way  —   a preventable risk our Nation must not accept. ” President Donald Trump’s administration and the   Congress have vowed to rebuild and expand the U. S. military after years of reductions. U. S. Army manpower levels stand at their lowest since before World War II. Moreover, Adm. William Moran, vice chief of naval operations, said the “Navy is smaller today than it has been in the last 99 years. ” He confirmed that more than half (53 percent) of all Navy aircraft cannot fly primarily due to a lack of funding. The 53 percent figure “represents about twice the historic norm,” notes Defense News. Gen. Stephen Wilson, vice chief of staff of the Air Force, testified that his branch is the smallest it has ever been. The U. S. Air Force has become the “smallest, oldest equipped, and least ready in its history,” the Air Force general told lawmakers. Gen. Glenn Walters, assistant commandant of the Marine Corps, told lawmakers that, under the current funding levels, U. S. Marines are expected to “experience increasingly significant challenges to the institutional readiness required to deter aggression and, when necessary, fight and win our Nation’s battle. ” Furthermore, he noted, “Approximately 80% of our aviation units lack the minimum number of ready basic aircraft (RBA) for training, and we are significantly short ready aircraft for wartime requirements. ”",0
3625,"Mike Pence May Break With Donald Trump, Again, Over Tax Returns - The New York Times","COLUMBUS, Ind.  —   Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana, the Republican   nominee, suggested Saturday that he might release his tax returns before Election Day, even as his running mate has shown no inclination of doing the same. Breaking with campaign custom, the Republican presidential nominee, Donald J. Trump, has refused to release his returns. On Friday, the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, and her running mate, Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, made public their own 2015 returns, while pointedly noting that Mr. Trump had not. On Saturday morning, at a campaign stop in his hometown, Columbus, Ind. Mr. Pence ignored questions from reporters about whether he would release his returns. But in an interview with Rita Cosby of WABC Radio that aired on Saturday, he hinted, though he did not promise, that his returns could become public. “When my forms are filed and when my tax returns are released it’s going to be a quick read, Rita,” Mr. Pence said. His answer suggested he had not yet filed his 2015 return the Internal Revenue Service allows taxpayers to apply for a   extension from the April filing deadline. His campaign did not respond Saturday evening to requests for more details. If he were to release his returns before Mr. Trump did, it would not be the first time he broke with the top of the ticket. The governor is a markedly different candidate from Mr. Trump, maintaining his balanced demeanor and even disagreeing with the volatile Mr. Trump at times, creating an unusual pairing that both men seem comfortable with for now. Mr. Trump has said he would not release his tax returns because they are being audited. Democrats have suggested he does not want to show them because they might reveal he is not as wealthy as he claims to be, or perhaps that he pays little in federal taxes because of breaks for real estate developers. When Mrs. Clinton released her returns on Friday  —   showing that she and her husband had earned an adjusted gross income of $10. 6 million last year, mostly from books and speeches  —   Mrs. Clinton made a point to note that she had paid a third of her income in federal taxes. Mr. Kaine and his wife, Anne Holton, who was Virginia’s secretary of education until she stepped down last month, reported income of $313, 441 for 2015. At a rally in New Hampshire on Saturday, Mr. Kaine assailed Mr. Trump for keeping his tax returns under wraps. “Even Richard Nixon released his tax returns to the public when he was running for president,” Mr. Kaine said. (In fact, President Nixon did not release his taxes until 1973, a year after his last campaign. Other than Gerald Ford, who released a summary of his return, every presidential candidate since then has made their recent returns public.) “He says the rules that apply to everybody else do not apply to Donald J. Trump,” Mr. Kaine said. In his radio interview, Mr. Pence noted that he had not become wealthy over his past 16 years as a congressman and governor, and took a shot of his own at Mrs. Clinton. “All of this class warfare talk that we heard coming out of her speech yesterday rings a little bit hollow,” he said. “What you have, you know, what you have in the Clintons is an extremely prosperous family that’s made tens of millions of dollars related to and derivative of their time in and around public service, and the American people now know that clearly from that release. ”",0
3626,Trump Removes Stephen Bannon From National Security Council Post - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   For the first 10 weeks of President Trump’s administration, no adviser loomed larger in the public imagination than Stephen K. Bannon, the raw and rumpled former chairman of Breitbart News who considers himself a “virulently  ” revolutionary out to destroy the “administrative state. ” But behind the scenes, White House officials said, the ideologist who enjoyed the president’s confidence became increasingly embattled as other advisers, including Mr. Trump’s daughter and    complained about setbacks on health care and immigration. Lately, Mr. Bannon has been conspicuously absent from some meetings. And now he has lost his seat at the national security table. In a move that was widely seen as a sign of changing fortunes, Mr. Trump removed Mr. Bannon, his chief strategist, from the National Security Council’s   “principals committee” on Wednesday. The shift was orchestrated by Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, Mr. Trump’s national security adviser, who insisted on purging a political adviser from the Situation Room where decisions about war and peace are made. Mr. Bannon resisted the move, even threatening at one point to quit if it went forward, according to a White House official who, like others, insisted on anonymity to discuss internal deliberations. Mr. Bannon’s camp denied that he had threatened to resign and spent the day spreading the word that the shift was a natural evolution, not a signal of any diminution of his outsize influence. His allies said privately that Mr. Bannon had been put on the principals committee to keep an eye on Mr. Trump’s first national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, a retired   general who lasted just 24 days before being forced out for misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other White House officials about what he had discussed with Russia’s ambassador. With Mr. Flynn gone, these allies said, there was no need for Mr. Bannon to remain, but they noted that he had kept his security clearance. “Susan Rice operationalized the N. S. C. during the last administration,” Mr. Bannon said in a statement, referring to President Barack Obama’s national security adviser. “I was put on the N. S. C. with General Flynn to ensure that it was  . General McMaster has returned the N. S. C. to its proper function. ” Mr. Bannon did not explain what he meant by “operationalized” or how his presence on the committee had ensured it would not be. It was one more drama in a White House consumed by palace intrigue, where officials jockey for the ear of the president, angle for authority and seek to place blame for political defeats. Even as Mr. Bannon lost a national security credential, Jared Kushner, the president’s    and senior adviser, seems to be acting as a shadow secretary of state, visiting Iraq and taking on China, Mexico and Middle East portfolios. Mr. Bannon’s many enemies, inside and outside the White House, celebrated what they saw as a defeat for his brand of fiery, nationalist politics. “He didn’t belong on the principals committee to begin with  —   doesn’t really belong in the White House at all,” said Representative Adam B. Schiff of California, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee. “I hope that this is a sign that McMaster is taking control of the National Security Council. ” Karl Rove  —   who, as senior adviser to President George W. Bush, was not allowed to join national security meetings  —   said it was a move back to a better process. “It was wrong for him to be added in the first place, and it was right to take him off,” he said. Even if Mr. Bannon really was removed only because there was no longer a need for someone to mind Mr. Flynn, Mr. Rove added, the end result was a victory for General McMaster. “It’s either a sign of McMaster’s strength, or the result is it strengthens McMaster,” he said. Still, Mr. Bannon, who has been under attack from outside the administration since the early days of the transition, is a crafty survivor, and insiders warned that it would be a mistake to underestimate him. When General McMaster wanted to fire a staff member, Ezra   Mr. Bannon intervened to save his job. Mr.   had alerted colleagues that Mr. Trump’s associates had been caught up in surveillance of foreigners, information then shown by another White House official to Representative Devin Nunes, Republican of California and chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, which is investigating Russian meddling in last year’s election. James Jeffrey, a deputy national security adviser to Mr. Bush, said General McMaster appeared to have “scored one on the presumably more powerful Bannon,” but cautioned against reading too much into what it meant for Mr. Bannon. “He seems to be very close to the president and, by most accounts, still wins many of his battles,” Mr. Jeffrey said. From the start, General McMaster intended to revamp the National Security Council organization that he inherited from Mr. Flynn. The principals committee, which is led by the national security adviser and includes the vice president, secretary of state, defense secretary and others, is the primary   body deciding questions that do not rise to the level of the president and framing those that do. The initial structure approved by Mr. Trump not only gave Mr. Bannon formal membership on the committee, but also downgraded the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the director of national intelligence to occasional participants as issues demanded. In addition to removing Mr. Bannon, the new order issued by Mr. Trump, dated Tuesday and made public on Wednesday, restored the Joint Chiefs chairman and intelligence director and added the energy secretary, C. I. A. director and United Nations ambassador. It also put the Homeland Security Council under General McMaster rather than making it a separate entity, as Mr. Trump’s original order had done. Mr. Trump was angry over the fallout from his first order, feeling that he had not been properly warned about its implications. He briefly considered reversing it the same weekend it was announced, according to a person with direct knowledge, but decided against it for fear of creating more of a public storm. For the first two months of Mr. Trump’s presidency, Mr. Bannon occupied an unassailable perch at the president’s side  —   ramming through key elements of his eclectic and   populist agenda, including two executive orders on freezing immigration from several predominantly Muslim countries. Mr. Trump viewed Mr. Bannon as a   kindred spirit who favored his own    communications strategy. But blunders by Mr. Bannon’s team  —   especially the first immigration order, which was rejected by multiple courts  —   have undermined his position. His    style was not a winning strategy on Capitol Hill, and Mr. Bannon declined to take a significant part. Experienced politicians, including Mr. Pence and Mr. Trump’s budget director, Mick Mulvaney, stepped into more expansive roles as negotiations over the failed health care overhaul dragged on. Mr. Trump initially supported Mr. Bannon’s      final message to holdouts in the House Freedom Caucus. But, needing a win, the president grew skeptical and authorized Mr. Pence to resume health care talks, with Mr. Bannon playing more of a supporting role, according to three people close to Mr. Trump. Mr. Bannon has also been at odds with Gary Cohn, the president’s national economics adviser. Mr. Cohn is close with Mr. Kushner, who has said privately that he fears that Mr. Bannon plays to the president’s worst impulses, according to people with direct knowledge of such discussions. Moreover, Mr. Bannon’s   reputation has chafed on a president who sees himself as the West Wing’s only leading man. Several associates said the president had quietly expressed annoyance over the credit Mr. Bannon had received for setting the agenda  —   and Mr. Trump was not pleased by the “President Bannon”   theme promoted by magazines,   talk shows and Twitter. Yet there is a risk for Mr. Trump in appearing to minimize Mr. Bannon, a hero to the nationalist,   base that helped drive Mr. Trump to an Electoral College victory. With his approval ratings at historic lows for so early in a presidency, he is counting on the same people who see Mr. Bannon as their champion  —   just as Mr. Bannon is counting on Mr. Trump to retain his place in the White House inner circle.",0
3627,"Michael Moore Just Brought Every Liberal To Their Knees With This Epic Rant Proving Trump Will Win, Michael Moore Admits He Is Right","Michael Moore Just Brought Every Liberal To Their Knees With This Epic Rant Proving Trump Will Win, Michael Moore Admits He Is Right   
Michael Moore Admits Trump Is Right 
Published on Oct 25, 2016 In a shocking video Michael Moore acurately describes what Donald Trump means to America and the middle class. 
SNL: Tom Hanks as Trump Supporter in Black Jeopardy Spoof. Hilarious! 
He will probably still vote for Hillary – but he sure opened a can of worms here!",0
3628,Putin blasts Clinton & Tells U.S. Govt to STOP Criticizing Russia,"In the clip – filmed in Russia – Putin, 64, tells a group of journalists that the US is creating a “distraction” aiming “to distract voters from the country’s problems” by creating “an enemy and uniting the nation against them”. He references both Iran and Russia as the potential enemies.
But when asked whether he prefers Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton his response says a lot about ongoing World War 3 fears.
The President responded: “Mrs Clinton has chosen to take up a very aggressive stance against our country, against Russia.
“Mr Trump, on the other hand, calls for cooperation – at least when it comes to the international fight against terrorism.
“Naturally we welcome those who would like to cooperate with us. And we consider it wrong, that we always have to be in conflict with one another, creating existential threats for each other and for the whole world.
“Would Mrs. Clinton delivers on he threats and harsh rhetoric against Russia if she became President? Or will she correct her position against us?”",0
3629,Awakened Humanity Awaits Fully Scripted Ending of the Election,". Awakened Humanity Awaits Fully Scripted Ending of the Election No event in American history (if you ask me) has been more engineered, more anticipated and more bui... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/10/awakened-humanity-awaits-fully-scripted.html No event in American history (if you ask me) has been more engineered, more anticipated and more built up than the upcoming November 8, 2016 presidential election. Face it. This presidential election season made the truth movement mainstream. Evil and corruption was brought into the light. We've observed what a George Soros -like engineered regime breakdown looks and feels like from the inside, our side this time. We had heard and read about all those foreign governments that the US overthrew with their ""democracy"" tactics using ""special forces"", NGO's, paid-for revolutionaries, activists and in some cases flat out murderous fighters ( ISIS , moderate rebels). This time the engineered chaos was happening here in the US.This 2016 election season has been packed with outright exposed corruption, lies, propaganda, murders, stolen primaries, fabricated accusations, distractions, staged debates and much more.We have seen a criminally accused presidential candidate get away with crimes in broad daylight while suspected of suffering from Parkinson's disease, passing out, having seizures and even being followed around by a creepy doctor with a seizure medication injector. This is the stuff Hollywood films are made of. The list of the insanity goes on and on, right? We've witnessed plenty of lies, propaganda and Jerry Springer show-like attacks by the candidates to create just the perfect smokescreen so that Americans are not looking into the events in Aleppo or Mosul much less the Hillary-DNC-mainstream media corruption scandals and revelations.Instead of keeping a close eye on the doings of the US criminal empire, the elite relied on a very in-your-face and increasingly arrogant, defiant and now very busted and discredited mainstream media to push the desired paradigm and reinforce it every which way they can. Actually, this understates the situation. What really happened was that the mainstream media joined forces with the chosen candidate of the ruling oligarchs ( Hillary ) and together their campaign (the DNC-Hillary-Soros-Moveon.org-Michael Moore-Hollywood-mainstream media complex) has brought us to the ending that truth seekers are now looking ahead to with great anxiety and anticipation. Actually, I'm understating the situation again. All or most Americans (awakened or not) are anticipating and anxiously awaiting the end results of the US presidential elections.The question we should all be asking then is, how did we get here? Oh, and perhaps more importantly, where are we going? And to answer this, one must realize that the ruling elite have plans. They have a lot of money and they have players willing to go along with their plans. Not sure of this? Then please research Sandy Hook or Boston bombing events. Or research many of the crisis actor events of the past few years.That's right. While they were staging one event after another, too many Americans were too busy and too afraid to call these fake events for what they were. Too many Americans fell for the trick that we were supposed to believe mainstream media ""stories"" and narratives unless we could ""prove"" that the account didn't happen the way mainstream media said it did. In other words, many Americans were tricked into believing that unless proven otherwise, we should BELIEVE mainstream media. Well here we are in October of 2016 and finally (though it has been common knowledge to many of us for a long while) the illegitimacy of the mainstream media is carved in stone. No longer can it be considered a ""conspiracy"" by anyone, that mainstream media is corrupt and acts as a tool of psychological terrorism against the public on behalf of the ruling elite.That said, now it is time to confront the fully engineered and long planned ending of this 2016 US presidential election. Will staged "" political terrorism "", a term just introduced a couple of weeks ago into the American psyche, be staged as Mike Adams at Natural News is writing about ? Will this ""terrorism"" or planned ""event"" mark the beginning of the end of America? If so, what will happen? How will it all go down? Many are now wondering how deep is this web of corruption and how far will the traitors identified before us be willing to go to destroy America? The one thing everyone should accept is that this ending has been planned just like so many ""events"" of the past several years have been scripted and planned. So today I invite readers to acknowledge this very important singular factor in today's events. The fact that they are planned. The notion of organic and spontaneous results is something the ruling elite hate. They hate anything that is organic, spontaneous, unpredictable, people-powered, natural and real. They need everything to be controlled, scripted, planned, orchestrated, engineered. Do you see a pattern here? One consciousness longs for freedom, naturalness and spontaneity, the other longs to control, orchestrate, engineer and dictate the ending, like a master would want to control his slave.Understanding this fundamental contrast between the control freak consciousness (think ruling elite) and the free spirited consciousness desiring to simply be free, will allow you to see what's coming this November 8th 2016. What's coming is a long awaited day for which the ruling elite have paid a lot of money and hired many people to manipulate and control the ending of. So the real question is, will their operation succeed? Looking at the election day ending from a birds-eye view and seeing how the ruling elite think and operate it is not difficult to see that they too are waiting for that day so that they can implement whatever plan they'll need based on the materializing reality at that moment. In this (what I'll call) wait-and-see plan whose execution of plan will either be entirely controlled from the beginning or be an adjusting reaction-based plan to be determined by the emerging reality, we can be sure that at no point will the ruling elite accept an ending that ruins their plan. In other words they will adjust their plan as often and as desperately as possible and necessary to engineer an ending to their liking.This ultimately is all we need to know to plan our (truth seekers and freedom lovers) next move. And our next move should look something like this if you ask me:1- Have a plan including options for self-sustaining yourself and your loved ones (food, water, shelter and other personal needs)2- Expect corruption but continue fighting and exposing the perpetrators. Let's not let one of these traitors (including crisis actors and operatives working for the state) get away with what they have done.3- Don't rely ONLY on the internet to keep track of developing events. You might want to write down current event information or better yet print out key articles and documents (proof). Also download important videos don't assume these videos will always be available on YouTube or the internet. Remember we are entering a much more volatile and intense information war age. The main point is we need to archive the evidence against those criminals who have betrayed America and humanity.4- Beware of layered psychological operations. Question everything you hear and don't discount that some ""news"" is designed for you to hear it (get it?). Unfortunately the controllers have indeed upped the anti when it comes to the information war. In deceptive times like these grabbing on to the principles you believe in become much more important than agreeing with someone on every little nuance about a particular event. Stay oriented and remember who the bad guys are, especially as we see the Hillary-mainstream media complex laughably blaming Russian president Vladimir Putin for all the now-revealed corruption and criminality of the Clintons, the mainstream media, the DNC and many others.Now is the time to confront the very real and very relevant inherent concepts of truth versus lies, lightness versus darkness, freedom versus slavery and knowledge versus hidden knowledge (the occult) because this, my friends, is what we are dealing with. We (truth seekers) are all in this together. We didn't ask to be put in this show, it sort of came to us. Perhaps we (awakened humanity) are fulfilling a role that we cannot fully understand. This species we call humans needs some members of it's kind to save the rest of the species and if you are reading this then you are probably a chosen vessel in this battle for humanity.There is nothing to fear for the ending has surely been scripted. We (like them) will also respond in real-time in the most effective way possible. What we need to do more than anything else is ... (pay attention) ... think ahead just like they do.And so today I'm thinking ahead. I have plans for both scenarios (Trump or Hillary declared victory). I have plans for no ""political terrorism"" and political terrorism, shock or no shock, chaos or no chaos. In my world the problem remains the same until we hold these corrupt ruling elite, their politicians and players all responsible for their criminality and corruption. Plain and simple, the ruling elite must be identified, stopped and held accountable for their crimes against humanity and the US constitution. This is more important than any presidential election. Will a Trump victory make this accountability more possible? Many are hopeful of this but ultimately we must find a way to impose our will on the future and not rely on a politician to do this for us.Finally, I'm reminded of the very last line of the film ' The American Dream ' when the villain asks ""what do you think this is?"" and the answer ""this is AMERICA!!"". Likewise, let's remember, this IS America, the politically hijacked land that guarantees each and every individual inherent rights which are clearly and indisputably outlined in the US constitution. Will an opportunity present itself for the rule of law to be restored or will the ruling elite have their way? That question will very likely be answered at a time not necessarily coinciding with election night. This is a reminder to all that the battle we face for humanity and truth is continuous and very long term not about one isolated moment or day. By Bernie Suarez Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
3630,"A ""Gesture of Thanks"": Turkey arrests terrorists for extradition to Russia","November 3, 2016 - Fort Russ News -  RusVesna - translated by J. Arnoldski -  


On October 27th, 2016, as a result of joint operative-investigative activities between Russian and Turkish intelligence, in Instanbul were arrested leaders and active participants of an underground gang from the North Caucasus region and Crimea, who were hiding from Russian law enforcement on Turkish territory.  
During the course of the operation, representatives of the Crimean branch of Hizb -ut-Tahrir and the North Caucasus wing of ISIS, totaling 80 people, were arrested. 


In line with the agreement with Turkey’s intelligence services, their extradition to Russia is being resolved. 

A high-ranking source in security structures explained to Russian Spring that Turkish intelligence services’ transfer of information on the Crimean Tatar and North Caucasus terrorist network to the Russian side, timed for the meeting between Putin and Erdogan in Sochi, was a gesture of thanks for intelligence warnings about the coup that failed in July, 2016.  

     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
3631,Manchester Bomber ’Part of Mob Who Waged Intimidation Campaign Against Gang Rape Victim’ - Breitbart,"The mother of a schoolgirl rape victim has said Manchester bomber Salman Abedi was part of a group who waged a   campaign of intimidation against her daughter and family. [Salman Abedi was an associate and childhood friend of Bilal Ahmed, who was jailed with two others for a total of 29 years in 2016 for taking part in the brutal gang rape of the   .  Members of the rapists’ South Manchester community “intimidated and goaded” the victim and her family members throughout the trial, and hurled abuse and blew kisses in court on the day the trio were jailed. The victim’s mother told the Mail on Sunday she is convinced Abedi was part of the mob who intimidated her and her husband outside court, asserting that she recognised Abedi’s name as soon as it became public following the Manchester attack. Concerned about violent imagery on the social media pages of Ahmed and his associates, the    from Cheshire said she reported them to the   hotline in February last year but believes no action was taken. “Now I see Salman, who clearly hung around with them, has become a suicide bomber. So clearly they didn’t look into what I told them properly,” she said, adding: “They are all friends and are ending up terrorists and rapists. “At the time it made me think another one could go on to commit a terrorist act and Salman clearly has. ” The    private schoolgirl, who had little experience with boys, was lured to a hotel in   Manchester by the attackers who had spent the previous night there celebrating Eid. The victim then became involved in what she believed to be a game of hide and seek, before being forced into a room by the group, who then took turns to rape her after deciding she was “easy prey” according to the judge. Speaking to the Mail last year on the campaign of harassment waged against the family, in which she said crowds numbering as many as 50 family members and friends of the attackers showed up to offer support to the rapists, the victim’s mother said: “I was frightened throughout and my husband was frightened. There were so many of them and many of them would goad me when I walked past and deliberately try to intimidate us. “It was scary. If this is what it does to us, then what would this be like for the victim of a rape case?” On Friday, Breitbart London reported that Abedi was part of an   gang who accused teachers of “Islamophobia” for criticising terrorism. During his time at Burnage Academy for Boys in Manchester between 2009 and 2011, the Manchester bomber was reportedly part of a group who took offence at a teacher who “asked what they thought of someone who would strap on a bomb and blow people up”. According to sources talking to The Times, the “group went to complain to their [Religious Education] teacher saying it was Islamophobic”.",0
3632,BREAKING: What Obama Just Did To A Veteran Will Have Him Impeached Tomorrow!,"Barack Obama has been out campaigning on behalf of Hillary Clinton the last month or so trying to help his investment, Hillary Clinton. As the race has heated up with the FBI reopening their investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, Hillary Clinton and her camp are starting to go crazy trying to find ways to combat the Trump Train that is about to leave them in the dust. 
Via USAPolitics 

First Hillary Clinton snapped at a protester at one of her rallies that shouted, “Bill Clinton is a rapist,” having him escorted out after his remarks. Now Obama is losing control and this time on a veteran. Yes, that’s right. A veteran!
Barack Obama doesn’t deserve to be Commander-in-Chief if he’s going to belittle the people that he sends into battle and harms way. An image of the Trump supporter protesting can be seen below.
Here's the pro-Trump protester who interrupted Obama rally pic.twitter.com/gbwzT3i1zU 
— Josh Lederman (@joshledermanAP) November 4, 2016 

What’s even worse it that right before he belittled this great American patriot, he was insulting trump for making fun of American POWs, most notably John McCain.
Obama lost complete control after that screaming:
“Hey, he, hey, hey, hey!! HOLD UP! SIT DOWN! I’m speaking! BE QUIET!! HOLD UP!” 
He seems a bit desperate for attention to me.
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are losing control and they can’t stand to see it. They are going to try everything in their power to cheat the system and probably try and rig the election so that they can maintain their power because they are connected on so many levels.
You can hear the screams and protests in the video above. Obama can’t even control a crowd let alone an entire country. This can’t be allowed to happen. We have to stop them for good and clean up the corrupt swamp that Washington has become.
 
 
",0
3633,The Top Democrat In The Senate Just Accused FBI Director James Comey Of Breaking The Law,"Here is the full text of Sen. Reid’s letter to Director Comey: Dear Director Comey: 
Your actions in recent months have demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive information, with what appears to be a clear intent to aid one political party over another. I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act, which bars FBI officials from using their official authority to influence an election. Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law. 
The double standard established by your actions is clear. 
In my communications with you and other top officials in the national security community, it has become clear that you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump, his top advisors, and the Russian government – a foreign interest openly hostile to the United States, which Trump praises at every opportunity. The public has a right to know this information. I wrote to you months ago calling for this information to be released to the public. There is no danger to American interests from releasing it. And yet, you continue to resist calls to inform the public of this critical information. 
By contrast, as soon as you came into possession of the slightest innuendo related to Secretary Clinton, you rushed to publicize it in the most negative light possible. 
Moreover, in tarring Secretary Clinton with thin innuendo, you overruled longstanding tradition and the explicit guidance of your own Department. You rushed to take this step eleven days before a presidential election, despite the fact that for all you know, the information you possess could be entirely duplicative of the information you already examined which exonerated Secretary Clinton. 
As you know, a memo authored by Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates on March 10, 2016, makes clear that all Justice Department employees, including you, are subject to the Hatch Act. The memo defines the political activity prohibited under the Hatch Act as “activity directed towards the success or failure of a political party, candidate for partisan political office, or partisan political group.” 
The clear double-standard established by your actions strongly suggests that your highly selective approach to publicizing information, along with your timing, was intended for the success or failure of a partisan candidate or political group. 
Please keep in mind that I have been a supporter of yours in the past. When Republicans filibustered your nomination and delayed your confirmation longer than any previous nominee to your position, I led the fight to get you confirmed because I believed you to be a principled public servant. 
With the deepest regret, I now see that I was wrong. 
Sincerely, 
Senator Harry Reid 
Reid basically accused Comey of violating the Hatch Act by releasing his letter so close to a presidential election. Even though Harry Reid is retiring, the bad news for Comey is that Reid’s letter is a clear sign that Senate Democrats aren’t going to let this matter drop. 
If Democrats take back the Senate, Director Comey should brace himself, because he and his agency’s methods are going to be under Congressional investigation.",0
3634,BOMBSHELL! FBI Reopens Investigation on Hillary Clinton,"BOMBSHELL! FBI Reopens Investigation on Hillary Clinton 10/28/2016 In today’s video, Christopher Greene of AMTV explains somebody very powerful just pulled the rug from under Hillary Clinton. 10/27/2016 TRUTH REVOLT http://youtu.be/PsVNKmb6jEc There’s a lot of accusations going around that the 2016 election is r ... Netflix Ceo: TV’s Future includes Hallucination Pills 10/27/2016 INDEPENDENT The future of TV might everyone taking hallucinogenic drugs, according to the head of Netflix. The thr ...",0
3635,National Immigration Law Center Exec Director: Sessions Has a ’Very Clear White Supremacist Agenda’ - Breitbart,"National Immigration Law Center executive director Marielena Hincapie discussed illegal immigration Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy. ”  Hincapie said Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who earlier this week vowed the Trump administration would be tougher on United   border security than previous administrations, has a “very clear white supremacist agenda. ” “We are deeply troubled, Joy,” Hincapie stated. “This is a situation in this country where a man who has very clear white supremacist agenda, a nativist agenda is now in authority. He has the power now to use Department of Justice to prosecute and criminalize immigrants. The fact that we are seeing that federal prosecutors one of their top priorities is to detain and deport immigrants is really critical. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
3636,Watch: The Plan Has Been Exposed: “The Secretive Effort To Reduce The Population And Bring Resource Use Into Strict Centralized Control”,"From our good friends Melissa and Aaron Dykes of TruthStreamMedia.com comes a documentary unlike anything you’ve seen before.
The world is about to change drastically . Will you be ready for it?
The Future Doesn’t Need Us… Or So We’ve Been Told.
With the rise of technology and the real-time pressures of an online, global economy, humans will have to be very clever – and very careful – not to be left behind by the future.
From the perspective of those in charge, human labor is losing its value, and people are becoming a liability.
This documentary reveals the real motivation behind the secretive effort to reduce the population and bring resource use into strict, centralized control.
Could it be that the biggest threat we face isn’t just automation and robots destroying jobs, but the larger sense that humans could become obsolete altogether?
Click Here to Watch the Full Documentary
for FREE at Amazon 
Trailer: 

Watch this documentary now at Amazon (FOR FREE!) 
Don’t forget to share with friends, rate the movie and add a review! 
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Mac Slavo of www.SHTFplan.com . 
When it hits the fan, don’t say we didn’t warn you. Mac Slavo is the editor of SHTFplan.com , a resource hub for alternative news, contrarian commentary and strategies that you can take to protect yourself from the coming global paradigm shift. ",0
3637,"The exodus from Ukraine to Russia, 80,000 people a week","November 3, 2016 - Fort Russ News - 

- Alexander Boyko, in  Konsomolskaya Pravda , translated by Tom Winter - 

""No need for Ukrainian youth in migrant-saturated Europe, but it's easy to find earnings in Russia"" 

From the ""Square:"" a mass exodus of Ukrainians to Russia 

The symbol of the new year in Ukraine may be a Cossack Vakula* that flies over precincts in St. Petersburg. Or a deserted farm near Little Russian Dikanka, a hut where the wind sings through the windows. Ukrainians are rushing to Russia not for overseas slippers, but for daily bread. They run from the country with their families, together with their farm neighbors, leaving forever. 

1/4  WON'T RETURN 

Members of the International human rights organization Human Rights Action (HRA) said that over the past year in Ukraine, where over the last 10 years the population has decreased from 48 to 42 million, more than three million people have left for Russia! And according to European researchers the depopulation going on in the Ukraine  is about to cause a social explosion. 

This is what the Prime Minister of Ukraine Vladimir Groisman acknowledged at one of the recent sessions of the government. In the session there was talk that Ukraine in the next year may be deprived of its last support - the agricultural sector. The land will soon have no one to work it, as it's the elderly who remain in the villages. 

Ukrainian youth  are not needed  in the Europe that is now supersaturated with migrants, but it is easy to find earnings in Russia. 

Kiev media also are actively discussing the warning of Oleksandr Okhrimenko, President of the Ukrainian Analytical Center. He made the forecast  that in the next year the migratory flow from the Ukraine could grow by half, and a quarter of those who left would change citizenship, and will work in Russia. 

20 MILLION LEAVE 

The Russian Interior Ministry notes a sharp increase in the flow of migrants from Ukraine. It is expected that in the second half of October 25-30 thousand migrant workers more than usual will arrive in Russia from Ukraine. Already 80-85 thousand Ukrainian citizens arrive per week. Basically they come to us in search of work. At the same time, it is no longer about the residents of the Donbass, who fled from the war. It is very real ethnic Ukrainians, from the western regions. 

In Ukraine, some experts are trying to support the version of this as a seasonal phenomenon: it is said, the potato harvest is done on the farms and now they have gone to earn some cash on Russian construction sites. But experts at ""KP"" argue that it's not just that. 

- The economic crisis has gotten worse in the Ukraine, as people are looking for any stable earnings and Poroshenko has once again shown that Ukrainians are not needed in Europe. They are not needed either as migrant workers or as visa-free visitors, Yuri Moskovski told the correspondent of ""Komsomolskaya Pravda."" Moskovski is chairman of the National Affairs Council in the Government of Moscow, and the Foundation projects director, international relations for the Neighbourhood Foundation.   

""They always find their niche on the Russian labor market. Our task is to receive them, place, and help them to adapt. The migration from the Ukraine will continue to grow.""** When the Zaporozhye army swore oaths to Russia, about 700 thousand people lived there. When Ukraine left the Soviet Union, there were more than 50 million citizens, and now in fact - 38. But Bandera said in his time time that for the Ukraine to establish a national state a population of 20 million would do. His successors have chosen his path. They are stubbornly headed to depopulation. 

There are several reasons why the citizens of Ukraine began to recuse their nationality, and leave for Russia with their families. Though last year the Ukrainians were free to come to Russia and work, while remaining in the background with other migrants virtually invisible to law enforcement, the migration rules have become stricter this year. 

Under the current legislation a migrant from Ukraine is obliged to register, acquire an INN (Taxpayer ID Number), health insurance, pass an exam on the Russian language, to acquire a work permit, is given a month to get a contract of employment, and has to pay 4000 rubles a month on the permit. Violators are fined, and forcibly expelled with a re-entry restriction for 5-10 years. 

In addition, the Federal Migration Service of Russia, which was engaged in the control of illegal migration, has recently been abolished. The functions of this department were turned over to the Interior Ministry of Russia, a Ministry, which will not only supervise but also achieve results with forceful measures. 

It is because the Ukrainians are in a rush to move to Russia, to obtain residence permits, and Russian citizenship, which gives the right to work without restrictions and additional fees. 

Poroshenko recently added to this determination among his constituents. He put pressure on his people by means of prohibitions on Russian payment systems, and fears of an introduction of a visa regime with Russia. All within the format of the chosen policy: Team Poroshenko clearly is following the precepts of Bandera. 

*Vakula the Smith:  character from a Gogol story, common in porcelan; also an  opera . 


**The quotation marks are placed by the translator: The quoted passage is plainly from Moskovski, but the original writer has no quotation marks at all, so it is unclear where Moskovski leaves off and the writer tacks on -- Tr. 

     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
3638,States Could Make Work a Medicaid Requirement Under G.O.P. Deal - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump and conservative lawmakers in the House agreed Friday to significant changes to Medicaid that could impose work requirements on   Medicaid beneficiaries in some states and limit federal funds for the program, as Republican leaders tried to rally balking lawmakers behind legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act. “I want everyone to know, I’m 100 percent behind this,” Mr. Trump said at the White House, where he met with House members in the conservative Republican Study Committee. At a news conference hours later, the president predicted, “It’s going to be passed, I believe  —   I think substantially and pretty quickly. ” On Capitol Hill, the outlook was far less clear. The House is tentatively scheduled to vote Thursday to repeal President Barack Obama’s signature domestic achievement, exactly seven years after Mr. Obama signed it into law. As some lawmakers came out for the measure, some others  —   in the House and Senate  —   were stepping forward to oppose it. “Fundamentally, I don’t believe this proposal provides an adequate   option for insurance access, nor does it address    costs,” Representative John Katko, Republican of New York, said in a statement on Friday. “Further, I am confident the proposal would harm hospitals across my district. ” The concessions to conservatives are significant  —   and politically risky. The Obama administration refused to allow work requirements, saying they were not consistent with the goals of Medicaid, the health program for   people. Several Republican governors have expressed interest in imposing such requirements on certain Medicaid beneficiaries  —     adults without minor children. “The Medicaid expansion has created a perverse incentive for states to provide benefits to   adults at the expense of the elderly, the blind and the disabled,” Representative Gary Palmer, Republican of Alabama, said this week. “A work requirement would help states focus their limited resources on the truly needy. ” The president and House conservatives also agreed to allow states to choose one   block grant to fund their Medicaid programs. The initial House bill would end Medicaid as an   entitlement to health care, replacing that with an allotment to the states for each Medicaid beneficiary. If, instead, states accepted   payments, they could gain more control over spending and more freedom to administer the program and define eligibility and benefits. Critics say that would restrict access to Medicaid in states with conservative governments. It is not clear how the federal government would calculate the amount of block grants. Nor is it clear which states, if any, might accept that option. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has already estimated that, under the House bill, the number of people without health insurance would be 14 million higher than expected next year and would be 24 million higher by 2026. The Medicaid adjustments could nudge that number even higher, a problem for many senators. The one Republican senator up for   next year in a true swing state, Dean Heller of Nevada, said on Friday that he opposed the bill in its current form. Another Republican senator, Joni Ernst of Iowa, was noncommittal. Another likely change, Republicans said, would be to restructure the tax credits offered under the bill to help people buy private health insurance. Republican lawmakers had expressed concern that the tax credits, as originally devised by House leaders, were insufficient and could produce huge increases in premiums for some people age 50 to 64. The changes in Medicaid provisions of the bill could help win over conservative House members who have expressed concern or outright opposition to the bill for multiple reasons. Mr. Palmer voted against the House bill in the Budget Committee on Thursday. On Friday, he emerged from the White House in favor of it. “We’ve never had an opportunity to do anything like this,” Mr. Palmer said later. “This will be the most significant entitlement reform that we’ve seen. ” Representative Mark Walker of North Carolina, the chairman of the Republican Study Committee, said other members were on board as well. “On balance and with the changes we agreed to in the bill’s final text, I can vote for it,” he said after the meeting in the Oval Office. Mr. Trump’s level of engagement has been a major question mark as congressional leaders have tried to sell the proposal in the face of stinging opposition from a number of directions. His show of support for the House plan on Friday provided a lift for House leaders, who have been on the defensive all week over their bill and the persistent conservative opposition to it. Conservative holdouts who still have objections to the bill may reconsider if they come under more pressure from the president. “These changes definitely strengthen our number, but also show that President Trump’s   now,” said the House majority whip, Representative Steve Scalise of Louisiana, who was at the White House meeting and recounted how Mr. Trump voiced his support for the measure. Representative Bradley Byrne, Republican of Alabama, said the changes in the bill were having the intended effect. “I can tell you, from the private conversations I’m having with people, support for the bill has built dramatically over the last 24 hours,” he said Friday. But the changes were not enough to sway the   House Freedom Caucus, which reiterated its opposition on Friday. Changing the bill to win over such conservatives risks alienating more moderate members of the House and the Senate who worry that the measure could cause millions of people to lose health coverage. The Republican governors of four states that have expanded Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act  —   Arkansas, Michigan, Nevada and Ohio  —   sent a letter to congressional leaders this week rejecting the House bill as written. Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, said on Thursday that she opposed the House bill, explaining that it would not do enough to help   older people afford insurance. “We don’t want to in any way sacrifice coverage for people who need it the most,” she told The Portland Press Herald. House Republican moderates may be loath to take a difficult political vote if they are convinced the measure will die in the Senate. “If I hear one more senator tell me that this is dead on arrival, I think my head’s going to explode,” said Representative Charlie Dent, a moderate Republican from Pennsylvania. “That certainly is not something many members of the House find very appetizing  —   voting for something that will go nowhere in the Senate. ” The House Democratic whip, Representative Steny H. Hoyer of Maryland, predicted that while the bill might be approved by the House, “It will not become law. ” Under the Affordable Care Act, 31 states have expanded Medicaid, providing coverage to millions of adults. The federal government has been paying more than 90 percent of the costs for the newly eligible beneficiaries. Republicans say this has taken the program away from its original purpose. Democrats contend that work requirements could increase the number of uninsured, limiting access to health care without significantly increasing employment.",0
3639,California State Senate Leader: ’Half My Family’ Here Illegally,"California State Senate President Pro Tem Kevin De Léon (  Angeles) said last Tuesday that “half his family” was in the country illegally, using false documents, and eligible for deportation under President Trump’s new executive order against “sanctuary” jurisdictions. [De Léon, who introduced the bill, made his remarks at a hearing in Sacramento on SB54, the bill to make California a “Sanctuary State. ”  He said (at 1:27:34 in the video that follows):   …     I can tell you half of my family would be eligible for deportation under [President Donald Trump’s] executive order, because if they got a false Social Security card, if they got a false identification, if they got a false driver’s license prior to us passing AB60, if they got a false green card, and anyone who has family members, you know, who are undocumented knows that almost entirely everybody has secured some sort of false identification. That’s what you need to survive, to work. They are eligible for massive deportation. Testifying before the Senate Public Safety Committee, De Léon defended the widespread practice by illegal aliens of using fraudulent documents to work and obtain   benefits, dismissing any concerns California citizens may have about being the target of identity theft. In an interview the following day on KPCC 89. 3’s Air Talk with Larry Mantle, De Léon expressed outrage that President Trump’s executive order would include those who possess fraudulent documents or committed identity theft to obtain a Social Security number. “Someone simply who received or purchased a [fraudulent] Social Security card down at McArthur Park, or elsewhere in my district would be eligible immediately for mass deportation,” De Léon said (at 11:45 in the link above). “He’s trying to deputize police officers  —   and with the suspicion of someone being a criminal or having a broken taillight, that they themselves, as a local police officer, could call the ICE agents immediately and have that person deported without even legal due process. ” Host Larry Mantle asked him: “  …     First of all, I just  —   I want to make sure I understand correctly: You don’t think purchasing a phony Social Security card and number should be a deportable offense?” De Léon replied: “I don’t think so   …     the vast majority of immigrants  —   hard working immigrants  —   have done that.  I can tell you I have family members specifically who came here as undocumented immigrants, and they did the same thing. That’s what you need to do to survive in this economy. ” Mantle objected: “But of course the problem is,  —   and I know people too  —   who’ve had their Social Security numbers and identities stolen as a result of that  …    . ” De Léon minimized the problem, saying it was not the same as “Russian” hacking. Breitbart News’ calls to the President Pro Tem’s office were unreturned. Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman. Author, Patriot Not Politician: Win or Go Homeless,  ",0
3640,Iraqi Militia Leader: Mosul Battle Won’t Be a Picnic,"Insists Badr Brigade Prepared Even if Battle Lasts Months by Jason Ditz, October 30, 2016 Share This 
A powerful MP as well as the head of the Badr Brigade, the largest militia within Iraq’s “Population Mobilization Forces,” Hadi al-Amiri expressed caution about expectations of a quick invasion of the city of Mosul, which is ISIS’ largest city. 
“The battle of Mosul will not be a picnic. It needs time, it needs precision, it needs a deep breath,” Amiri insisted, adding that his Badr Brigade is prepared to continue with the battle even if it lasts for several months. And well it might. 
Though US officials initially presented the battle as having a timetable of weeks, Kurdish officials responded with predictions it would last multiple months. Indeed, nearly two weeks into the attack, the invading forces are still several kilometers from Mosul, and not expected to enter the city for some time. 
Some of the militia forces involved in the fighting over Mosul are openly talking about their intention to join the Syrian war as soon as Mosul is finished, suggesting they may be looking beyond what is expected to be by far the largest battle of the war.  ",0
3641,15 Times Celebrities Envisioned Violence Against Trump and the GOP,"Hollywood has issued dire predictions and hysterical warnings about Donald Trump ever since the Republican businessman first announced his candidacy for the presidency in June 2015. [But the level of vitriol and violent rhetoric against   Trump has increased substantially in recent weeks, from comedian Kathy Griffin’s   shock “beheading” photograph to Shakespeare in the Park’s     “assassination” of Trump on a stage in New York City’s Central Park.  Unfortunately, Griffin and the director of Julius Caesar are not anomalies in Hollywood actors, writers, directors, and other celebrities have fantasized about using violence against Trump, his supporters, and other GOP lawmakers for at least the past 18 months. Below are 15 examples of celebrities who have used pointed, violent rhetoric to attack the president and other Republicans.   1. Kathy Griffin ‘Beheads’ Trump in Graphic Photo, The    My Life on the   star sparked a firestorm (and a U. S. Secret Service investigation) when she was photographed holding the fake, bloodied, decapitated head of the president in an image that critics said was reminiscent of Islamic State propaganda. Griffin was fired from her job on CNN’s New Year’s Eve broadcasts and saw the cancellation of at least five of her scheduled performances, but remained defiant in an emotional press conference, blaming the backlash on sexism and vowing to continue to “make fun” of the president. 2. Madonna  —   “I’ve thought a lot about blowing up the White House. ” The pop singer became heated during the   Women’s March on Washington in January, where she addressed an audience of thousands. “Yes, I’m angry. Yes, I’m outraged. Yes, I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House, but I know that this won’t change anything,” she told the crowd to roaring applause. “Are you ready to shake up the world?” Madonna asked. “Welcome to the revolution of love, to the rebellion, to our refusal as women to accept this new age of tyranny, where not just women are in danger but all regionalized people. Where being uniquely different, right now, might truly be considered a crime. ” The singer later said her remarks were taken out of context. 3. Snoop Dogg “Shoots” Trump in the Head in Music Video, The California rapper pointed a gun at the president (dressed to look like a circus clown) and pulled the trigger in a music video for his song “Lavender” earlier this year  —   though the gun is shown to be a prop gun, with a “Bang!” flag popping out of the barrel. Still, the imagery was unmistakable. “I feel like it’s a lot of people making cool records, having fun, partying, but nobody’s dealing with the real issue with this f*cking clown as president, and the sh*t that we dealing with out here, so I wanted to take time out to push pause on a party record and make one of these records for the time being,” the rapper told Billboard. 4. Robert De Niro: “I’d Like to Punch Him in the Face” The   actor participated in a voter registration PSA during the 2016 presidential race, but was filmed going off on Trump in a monologue during an outtake. “He’s a punk, he’s a dog, he’s a pig, he’s a con, he’s a bullsh*t artist, a mutt who doesn’t know what he’s talking about, doesn’t do his homework, doesn’t care, thinks he’s gaming society, doesn’t pay his taxes,” the    Godfather star said in the clip. “He’s an embarrassment to this country,” he added. “He talks [about] how he wants to punch people in the face  …     I’d like to punch him in the face. ” 5. Joss Whedon: “I Want a Rhino to F*ck Paul Ryan to Death” The    Avengers director  —   who released a   PSA in support of Hillary Clinton during the 2016 race  —   took to Twitter in January to wish an untimely and unfortunate end to House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ). “Violence solves nothing. I want a rhino to f*ck @SpeakerRyan to death with its horn because it’s FUNNY, not because he’s a #GOPmurderbro,” Whedon tweeted. Shortly after the November 8 election, the director tweeted that Trump “CANNOT be allowed a term in office. ” 6. Shakespeare in the Park Stabs ‘Trump’ to Death in Performance of ‘Julius Caesar’ New York City’s Public Theater staged a production of Julius Caesar during its 2017 summer program, but with a twist on the classic play  —   Caesar looked just like Donald Trump, with a business suit and tie and a familiar blond  . As happens in the play, the   Caesar is eventually brutally stabbed to death by his associates in the Senate. The character’s similarity to Trump sparked outrage, and sponsors Bank of America and Delta Air Lines pulled their funding from the theater. The theater stood by the production. 7. David Simon: “Pick Up a G*ddamn Brick” if Trump Fires Robert Mueller, The creator of the HBO crime drama The Wire reacted to rumors that the president had considered firing the special counsel appointed to oversee the Russia investigation, Robert Mueller, by suggesting that Americans “pick up a goddamn brick” if the president followed through. “If Donald Trump fires Robert Mueller and is allowed to do so, pick up a goddamn brick. That’s all that’s left to you,” Simon tweeted June 12. The   later denied his tweet was an incitement to violence. 8. Mickey Rourke Threatens to Beat Trump with Baseball Bat: “He Can Suck My F*cking D*ck” The Wrestler actor went on a   tirade against Trump in April 2016, when he had not yet won the Republican nomination for president. “Donald Trump can go f*ck himself,” Rourke told TMZ. “His wife said, ‘Oh, he’s a tough guy.’ He’s not a tough guy, he’s a bully and a b*tch and he can suck my f*cking d*ck. I’ll meet him in a hotel room any motherf*cking day of the week and give him a Louisville slugger. Kiss my motherf*cking ass you b*tch punk c***sucker. ” 9. Actress Lea DeLaria Threatens to ‘Take Out’ Republicans and Independents with Baseball Bat after Trump Win, Just a couple days after the November election, the Orange is the New Black star responded to a meme about dealing with violence through music by adding her own suggestion. “[O]r pick up a baseball bat and take out every f*cking republican and independent I see,” DeLaria wrote, adding the hashtags “#f*cktrump,” “#f*cktheGOP,” #f*ckstraightwhiteamerica” and “#f*ckyourprivilege. ” Some of the cast of the hit Netflix show had previously appeared in a campaign ad for Hillary Clinton. 10. Rapper YG Threatens Trump with “F*ck Donald Trump” Song, Rappers YG and Nipsy Hussle released a song during the 2016 presidential campaign called “F*ck Donald Trump,” with lyrics that contained several threats toward the  . “I like white folks, but I don’t like   the n*ggas in the hood wanna fight   El Chapo ain’t tried to snipe   the Nation of Islam ain’t tried to find   a rally out in L. A. we gon’ f*ck it up,” YG raps in the song. “You vote Trump then you’re prolly on   if your ass do win, you gon’ prolly get smoked,” adds Hussle. YG later complained that his record label had been contacted by the Secret Service. 11. Marilyn Manson Kills ‘Trump’ in Music Video, In a music video for his song “Say10″ released right around Election Day, the shock rocker stands over the lifeless body of a man resembling Donald Trump while ripping pages out of a Bible. In a flash, a man wearing a suit and a red tie  —   a    allusion to Trump  —   is seen decapitated on the ground in a pool of blood. “It’s about the desperate acts of people who believe something that is preached by an unbeliever,” Manson told the Daily Beast of the explicit visuals in the video. 12. Rapper Everlast Warns Trump: “I Will Punch You in Your F*cking Face” The rapper and former House of Pain frontman went off on Trump in an interview with Billboard in April 2016. “F*ck that dude. I’ll smack that f*cker’s   right off his f*cking scalp,” he said. “Like, for real, if I met Donald Trump, I’d punch him in his f*cking face. And that’s not a joke. Even if he did become president  —   watch out, Donald Trump, because I will punch you in your f*cking face if I ever meet you. Secret Service had better just f*cking be on it. Don’t let me anywhere within a block. This is horrible. ” 13. Larry Wilmore Jokes About Suffocating Trump with ‘Pillow They Used to Kill Scalia’ Former   host and Daily Show contributor Larry Wilmore joked about suffocating Trump during a segment on his Comedy Central show The Nightly Show. “Anyway, since we’re talking about bigotry, we have to mention Donald Trump,” Wilmore said. “Sorry everyone, I don’t wont to give him any more oxygen. That’s not a euphemism by the way I mean it literally. Somebody get me the pillow they used to kill Scalia, and I’ll do it. I’ll do it!” Wilmore then proceeded to demonstrate what suffocating Trump to death might look like, before adding: “I could get in trouble for that, actually!” 14. Stephen Colbert’s Late Show Puts Stephen Miller’s Head on a Spike, In February, Colbert’s Late Show on CBS featured a segment that depicted Trump aide Stephen Miller being attacked in different scenes from cable TV shows. The segment included Miller being beaten by The Walking Dead‘s Negan and his spiked bat, and ended with the Trump aide’s head superimposed onto a spike in a parody of HBO’s Game of Thrones. Colbert has upped his   rhetoric since January, and it has done wonders for his ratings. The   host came under fire in May when he said during his show that Trump’s mouth is only good for being Vladimir Putin’s “c*ck holster. ” 15. Sarah Silverman Suggests Military Could Help Overthrow Trump, In a tweet in February, the comedian and vocal leftist activist suggested the U. S. military could join the   “resistance” and help overthrow the president. “WAKE UP  JOIN THE RESISTANCE. ONCE THE MILITARY IS W US FASCISTS GET OVERTHROWN. MAD KING  HIS HANDLERS GO BYE BYE,” Silverman tweeted. Silverman, who was one of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders’ earliest celebrity supporters, previously compared Trump’s victory to the Great Depression.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum, Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
3642,Is This Why Comey Broke: A Stack Of Resignation Letters From Furious FBI Agents,"Source: Zero Hedge 

October 30, 2016

Conspiracy theories have swirled in recent days as to why FBI Director James Comey reopened Hillary's email investigation after just closing it back in July concluding that, although Hillary had demonstrated gross negligence in her establishment of a private email server, that ""no reasonable prosecutor"" would bring a case against her. Democrats, after lavishing Comey with praise for months on concluding his investigation in an ""impartial"" way, have since lashed out at him for seeking to influence the 2016 election cycle with Hillary herself describing his recent actions as ""deeply troubling"". Republicans, on the other hand, have praised Comey's recent efforts as an attempt to correct a corrupt investigation that seemingly ignored critical evidence while granting numerous immunity agreements to Clinton staffers. 

According to the Daily Mail , and a source close to James Comey, the decision, at least in part, came after he ""could no longer resist mounting pressure by mutinous agents in the FBI"" who ""felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist."" 
James Comey's decision to revive the investigation of Hillary Clinton's email server and her handling of classified material came after he could no longer resist mounting pressure by mutinous agents in the FBI , including some of his top deputies, according to a source close to the embattled FBI director. 

'The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn't recommend an indictment against Hillary,' said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week. 

'Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,' said the source. 'They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.' 

According to the source, Comey fretted over the problem for months and discussed it at great length with his wife, Patrice. 

He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. 

'The people he trusts the most have been the angriest at him,' the source continued. 'And that includes his wife, Pat. She kept urging him to admit that he had been wrong when he refused to press charges against the former secretary of state. Though we're sure there are many facets behind Comey's decision making process, we can all be quite certain, at this point, that he's not motivated by a desire to make friends having now alienated just about everyone in Washington, both in law enforcement and in both political parties. In fact, after Tim Kaine just last week praised Comey as a ""wonderful"" career public servant with the ""highest standards of integrity"".... 

Flashback: Kaine Praises FBI Director Comey On Clinton Email Investigation   
Please go to to Zero Hedge read the entire article.",0
3643,Planet Earth II viewers demand legal system for animals,"Planet Earth II viewers demand legal system for animals 15-11-16 PLANET Earth II viewers have demanded that animals get their own criminal justice system to stop them doing horrible things. After the wildlife documentary showed snakes trying to kill a baby iguana, many Britons now believe animals need their own laws and a police force. Administrator Nikki Hollis said: “These snakes are doing the most horrific things without the slightest fear of being arrested and punished. “Animals need to realise they won’t be safe until they have laws and enforce them. Gorillas could be the police, because they’re massive and won’t put up with any nonsense, and wise animals like owls could be judges. “Criminal animals will soon get the message once a few are sentenced to life for murder. Obviously animals don’t have prisons yet but I’m sure the monkeys could build cages.” Graphic designer Tom Logan said: “After seeing the extent of lawlessness in the animal kingdom I think we need to get the human courts involved. “The conviction rate will be high because most animals make no attempt to hide their crimes, leaving a wealth of DNA and video evidence. “We also need an emergency rescue service for baby penguins, because that episode of Life in the Freezer made me blub in front of my mates.” 
Share:",0
3644,"California Today: With Trump’s Rise, a Return to the ‘Rebel State’ - The New York Times","Good morning. (Want to get California Today by email? Sign up.) With Jennifer Medina, a national correspondent based in Los Angeles. As the nation delivered Donald J. Trump a stunning victory, California went the other direction, embracing a progressive agenda. The state resoundingly backed Hillary Clinton, delivering her its 55 electoral votes, but it wasn’t enough to stem the wave of battleground states that lined up for Mr. Trump. “Probably no state is going to be more shocked by tomorrow morning’s headlines than California,” Bruce E. Cain, a professor of political science at Stanford University, said late Tuesday. Still, he noted, large parts of California did support Mr. Trump  —   mostly rural areas in the Central Valley and northern counties. Mindy Romero, the director of the California Civic Engagement Project at the University of California, Davis, said some state leaders err in seeing California as wholly blue. “We’re not,” she said, “and people do feel left out or marginalized. ” She added, “There will be areas of the state that are very glad to see Donald Trump win and I think we should recognize that. ” When California makes choices as a whole, however, as it did on 17 ballot propositions, the results tend to reflect the more populous liberal side. On Tuesday, voters did away with prohibitions against marijuana, raised taxes on cigarettes, extended an income tax on the wealthy, toughened gun control laws, loosened parole rules and overturned a law that restricted bilingual education in schools. Californians also sent the first black woman to the United States Senate since Carol Moseley Braun in 1999. Attorney General Kamala Harris easily defeated Representative Loretta Sanchez in the state’s first   race, the result of the   primary system. “I intend to fight for a state that has the largest number of immigrants, documented and undocumented,” Ms. Harris told a crowd of supporters. “Our ideals are at stake right now  —   and we need to fight for our ideals. ” California will join four other states and the District of Columbia where recreational marijuana is allowed, and the decision could open the door to federal legalization. The passage of the measure will allow residents older than 21 to grow up to six cannabis plants at home and an ounce of marijuana. It also allows the state, county and city government to regulate and tax the growth and sale of marijuana. Voters also passed a measure supported by Gov. Jerry Brown that would increase the number of nonviolent inmates eligible for parole and allow the inmates to earn credit for good behavior. The measure was aimed at reducing the state’s prison population and rolling back some of the    measures Governor Brown once championed. Showing just how much the state’s attitude toward immigrants has changed over the last two decades, voters approved Proposition 58, repealing a measure that passed in 1998 and expanding bilingual education for the state’s 1. 4 million English language learners. Buyers of gun ammunition will now have to undergo criminal background checks, and   magazines are illegal, after the passage of Proposition 63, a   measure brought by Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom. The measure will also create new requirements for lost or stolen firearms and ammunition. Voters approved a $2 tax increase per pack of cigarettes, an initiative that prevailed despite more than $70 million spent by tobacco companies to defeat it.   earners  —   individuals earning more than $250, 000 a year  —   will continue to pay more in taxes, as voters approved a measure that extends the tax increase passed in 2012 by an additional 12 years, till 2030. The revenue will primarily be used to fund public schools. Initiatives that would abolish the death penalty and impose price controls on pharmaceutical drugs were both behind in early vote counts. A plastic bag ban was ahead. In closely contested House races, Republican incumbents appeared to be holding on. In the Central Valley, the Republican David Valadao kept his seat, which was thought to be so endangered that House Speaker Paul D. Ryan came to the district to campaign for him. The Republicans Darrell Issa, Steve Knight and Jeff Denham were all leading in early vote counts. Dr. Cain, the Stanford professor, suggested that after the shock felt by many Californians over Mr. Trump’s ascendance subsides, the state would enter familiar territory. “California will be in mourning tomorrow,” he said. But, he added, “We will go back into the mode that we were in during the Bush administration, which is we were the kind of the rebel state. ” Want to make sure your vote was counted? You can look it up. And check official election results. See comprehensive maps and charts with projections and results, including    breakdowns of the presidential and Senate races. Also, results from contests for the House of Representatives and the State Legislature, the statewide ballot propositions and other races across the state. • California and Massachusetts legalized recreational marijuana use, reflecting a national shift in attitudes toward the drug. [The New York Times] • What you can and can’t do now that marijuana is legal. [Orange County Register] • Three San Francisco Bay Area cities approved a tax on sodas and other sugary drinks to fight diabetes and obesity. [SFGate. com] • “Not my president”: Mr. Trump’s victory set off protests across California. [Los Angeles Times] • Disbelief, hope and a plan for California’s secession: How the tech industry is reacting to Trump’s win. [Los Angeles Times] • A fatal shooting in the San Gabriel Valley temporarily closed two polling places. The suspect was later found dead. [The New York Times] • Two ballot measures that could have brought a Chargers stadium to downtown San Diego were soundly defeated. [San Diego  ] • Who will Jerry Brown appoint to replace Kamala Harris as California attorney general? [Sacramento Bee] • If Tesla’s bid for SolarCity wasn’t a Silicon Valley deal, it would have been dead on arrival, says Steven Davidoff Solomon. [The New York Times] • Elisabeth Prueitt, the pastry queen of San Francisco’s Tartine Bakery, explores the sweet world beyond wheat. [The New York Times] With the election behind us, how about a palate cleanser? Research has shown that the company of animals can do wonders for people in ill health. With that in mind, the San Diego Zoo has been partnering with children’s hospitals across the country to show programming of its animals on televisions in patients’ rooms. The television channel, known as San Diego Zoo Kids, features footage from the zoo’s live cameras as well as hosts who tell stories about the animals. Since the initiative’s debut in 2013 at Rady Children’s Hospital in San Diego, it has spread to nearly 80 children’s hospitals and Ronald McDonald Houses, a charity for sick children, across 26 states and three countries. On Tuesday, the zoo announced its latest partnership with a children’s hospital in Phoenix. Erin Rice, the director of U. C. L. A’s   Connection program, said scientists have found evidence that animal therapy can help lower blood pressure and raise oxytocin levels in patients. The San Diego Zoo program was a “wonderful idea,” she said. “Just bringing the outdoors into a very sterile environment is helpful. ” California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a   Californian  —   born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis. Follow him on Twitter. California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley.",0
3645,’Far Cry 5’ Official Announce Trailer - Breitbart,"Far Cry 5 brings Ubisoft’s     shooter to the United States, pitting players against a religious doomsday cult that has taken over the remote fictional Hope County in Montana. [Ubisoft is courting controversy with their latest entry in the series, which seems targeted to appeal to the revenge fantasies of the    crowd that has labeled anyone who hasn’t declared open resistance against Donald Trump’s presidency as a deserving target of   violence.  The game does include a   Christian pastor trying to save his congregation from the cult that has taken over his home as one of the protagonist’s allies, and producer Dan Hay told Kotaku that there would be no specific references to Trump in the game, but it’s hard not to infer that the backwards religious zealots that serve as the game’s enemies are what the developers really think of Middle America. Whether there is any nuance to the political messaging of Far Cry 5 remains to be seen. Breitbart Tech hopes to learn more about the game at this year’s Electronic Entertainment Expo in June.",0
3646,Christian Leader Sees ‘Spiritual Battle’ Over Trump Presidency,"A leader of the Christian charismatic movement has declared that the unprecedented resistance to U. S. President Donald Trump signals a deeper, spiritual battle that is taking place over America’s soul. [Lou Engle, the founder of several Christian ministries, has highlighted two recent events that give cause for concern to Christians: the Women’s March on Washington, with its close alliance with the U. S. abortion lobby, and recent calls to use witchcraft to “bind” and utterly destroy the president.  In an essay in Charisma Magazine, the charismatic leader of “The Call” wrote that the Women’s March “was the first shot across the bow, heralding a revolutionary rise against the president of the United States,” and the fellow citizens who elected him. The March was also an uprising against “the foundational biblical truths upon which our nation was founded,” Engle said. “Soon after, the second shot was manifested publicly: an unprecedented global summons of witchcraft to curse President Trump, his Cabinet and all of those aligned with a biblical worldview,” Engle wrote. “Suddenly, the whole controversy was elevated to a global spiritual dimension, inaugurating a spiritual battle that cannot be won on the playing field of protests and political arguments. ” “Only the church has the answer to this unprecedented manifestation of witchcraft. Spiritual strategy must be used to overcome this   brazen challenge of the powers,” he said. Understanding fierce ideological battles in spiritual terms is no novelty for Christians. As Saint Paul wrote some 2, 000 years ago, “we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. ” In this battle, Engle sees great cause for hope, since many Americans do not identify with the anger, extremism and above all visceral hate being directed toward the president and those who voted for him. “Hundreds of thousands of women watched the March, heard the vitriol and could not identify with the radical ideologies being expressed that would not acknowledge God’s Word and ways in the public controversy,” he wrote. “This new woman declared deep inside her heart, This is not my revolution. ” Lou Engle is not alone in his analysis. Philadelphia Archbishop Charles J. Chaput recently expressed his astonishment at the mainstream media’s ongoing war against Donald Trump. “It’s just amazing to me how hostile the press is to everything the president does,” Chaput told a radio talk show host last month. “I don’t want to be partisan in my comments here, but it seems to me if we are really serious about our common responsibilities, we support the president,” Chaput said, adding that good citizens should “wish him success rather than trying to undermine him. ” As a way of joining in the spiritual battle, Engle has proposed three days of fasting and prayer for the nation, beginning on Wednesday, March 8. In what he is calling an “Esther fast,” in commemoration of the Jewish heroine Esther, Engle invites the nation to fast and pray for three days leading up to the Jewish deliverance feast of Purim, which begins this year on Saturday evening, March 11. Among the many intentions of this Lenten “Esther fast,” Engle proposes that Christians and all people of good will pray in particular for the overturning of the 1973 Supreme Court decision Roe v. Wade, which, together with Doe v. Bolton, struck down existing abortion laws and granted abortion on demand for the full nine months of pregnancy for the entire country. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
3647,US election claims against Russia expose Clinton: Analyst,"Interviews US First Lady Michelle Obama (L) listens as Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton speaks during a campaign rally in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, on October 27, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
The United States government is trying to distract people from the true nature of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton by accusing Russia of influencing the election against her. 
Don DeBar, a New York-based author and radio host, made the remarks in an interview with Press TV on Thursday, following Russian President Vladimir Putin’s response to Washington’s accusations of sponsoring hacking attacks against the US. 
Speaking to foreign policy experts during a Valdai Discussion Club meeting in Sochi, southern Russia on Thursday, Putin said Washington was using Russia as a distraction to cover the fact that this year’s White House contenders had nothing to offer on real issues. 
“The subject matter of what is being revealed here is definitely an action item that defines who Clinton is,” DeBar said. 
“Also, the thing that is really galling is the fact that we are told to ignore the content, and the content is something that goes to the heart of governing and also to the heart of Clinton’s record,” the analyst noted. 
“This is the person who was married to the guy who signed in ‘three strikes and you are out legislation’ for people to get life in prison if they are convicted of three felonies,” he said. “If you look at the things that have been revealed here, some of the acts are themselves the violations of three separate federal criminal sanctions.” 
DeBar argued that Clinton has multiple sets of the triple violations and yet is freely allowed to run for office under federal protection. 
Clinton and her campaign have repeatedly claimed that Russia was trying to rig the November election in favor of Republican nominee Donald Trump. 
During the last presidential debate last week, Clinton accused Trump of having secret ties with Moscow, saying that Putin would love to see a “puppet” in the White House. 
DeBar dismissed accusations against the Russian president, but noted that since the US was openly seeking regime change in Russia, it is only logical for Russia to fight back. 
Based on that argument, DeBar said: ""It warrants support and not condemnation” even if Russia was trying to fight back in a way or another. Loading ...",0
3648,Andrew Sullivan: Liberals Have to Avoid Sounding ’So F*cking Condescending and Smug’ - Breitbart,"On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” New York Magazine    Andrew Sullivan argued, “Liberals have to be careful not to sound so f*cking condescending and smug, as if they know it, and start actually engaging the other side and persuading people. ”  Sullivan said there was a “giant cloud of smug” above MSNBC anchor Rachel Maddow during her Trump tax story. liberals have to be careful to not so fucking condescending and smudges if they know it and start engaging the other side and persuading people. He continued, “Liberals have to be careful not to sound so f*cking condescending and smug, as if they know it, and start actually engaging the other side and persuading people. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
3649,Chaos bei Jochen Schweizer: Beschenkte Person will tatsächlich Erlebnisgutschein einlösen,"Montag, 7. November 2016 Chaos bei Jochen Schweizer: Beschenkte Person will tatsächlich Erlebnisgutschein einlösen München (dpo) - Helle Aufregung in der Firmenzentrale der Jochen Schweizer GmbH: Dort hat heute erstmals in der Firmengeschichte ein Kunde versucht einen Geschenkgutschein tatsächlich einzulösen. Noch sind die anwesenden Mitarbeiter ratlos, wie sie mit der kuriosen Anfrage umgehen sollen. Mehrere stehen unter Schock. ""Was sollen wir nur tun? Was machen wir denn jetzt?"", fragt Kundenmanagerin Erika Schwenninger (38) verzweifelt. ""Hat schon jemand den Chef erreichen können?"" Sie wirkt sichtlich angeschlagen von der bizarren Situation, in der sie sich als Angestellte bei Jochen Schweizer noch nie befunden hat. Seit über 12 Jahren vertreibt das Unternehmen hauptsächlich über das Internet Geschenkgutscheine für ""Events"" und ""Erlebnisse"". Die Gutscheine sind ein beliebtes Präsent zu Geburtstagen oder anderen Gelegenheiten und kommen insbesondere dann zum Einsatz, wenn die Schenkenden keine Ideen für ein richtiges Geschenk haben. Die ""Erlebnisse"" sind dabei so abschreckend gewählt (""Tandem-Bungee"", ""Dampflok selber fahren bei Lutherstadt Eisleben""), dass normalerweise niemand ernsthaft erwägt, die Gutscheine einzulösen. Er stürzt mit seiner Gier ein Unternehmen in die Kriese: Thorsten Koschwitz Auch im Fall von Thorsten Koschwitz sei daher nicht mit Komplikationen zu rechnen gewesen. Der Hannoveraner hatte den Gutschein für ""Auto-Crashen mit dem Monster-Truck im Wert von 349,90 Euro"" im September zu seinem 32. Geburtstag bekommen. Dass er nun darauf besteht, tatsächlich mit einem riesigen Truck Autos zerstören zu dürfen, stellt die Firma vor schier unlösbare Probleme. ""Was glaubt der Mann denn, wo wir nun so einen Truck hernehmen sollen? Ganz zu schweigen von den zu zerstörenden Autos"", führt Erika Schwenninger aus. ""Und das Ganze für maximal 349,90 Euro! Und was ist, wenn noch mehr Menschen auf die Idee kommen, ihre Gutscheine einzulösen? Dann können wir den Laden dicht machen!"" Schwenninger bricht in Tränen aus, die Sorge um den Verlust ihres Arbeitsplatzes ist groß. Das kann doch niemand ernsthaft wollen. Denn: Jochen Schweizer lebt - ebenso wie andere ähnliche Gutschein-Portale - davon, ein Gefühl zu verschenken, Nervenkitzel auf Papier. Die Beschenkten soll beim Blick auf den Titel des Geschenks Gänsehaut überkommen, der darauf eingetragene Euro-Betrag soll zeigen, wie viel der Beschenkte seinen Freunden wert ist. Die Einnahmen durch die Gutscheinverkäufe refinanzieren das Personal des Unternehmens, den Firmensitz, die aufwändige Internetpräsenz und die teure Werbung. Für die Umsetzung echter Events ist in der Kalkulation kein Platz. Darum hat nun Jochen Schweizer persönlich Thorsten Koschwitz ein Gespräch angeboten. Der Firmengründer will den jungen Mann um Verständnis bitten und zu einem kostengünstigeren Erlebnis wie ""Igel-Crashen mit dem Golf II"" oder ""Nüsse-Crashen mit dem Nussknacker"" überreden. Um weitere Missverständnisse wie im Falle von Thorsten Koschwitz auszuschließen, sollen Jochen-Schweizer-Gutscheine zudem künftig immer folgende Fußnote beinhalten: ""Gutschein ist nur zum Schenken bestimmt und kann nicht eingelöst werden."" adg, dan, ssi; Foto unten: Jot Powers , CC BY-SA 2.0 Artikel teilen:",0
3650,President Elect Trump – A New Era of Unpredictability Awaits,"Waking Times 
President Elect Trump is new title for New York businessman, millionaire and Republican candidate Donald J. Trump, who yesterday on November 8th, 2016 successfully won the US presidential election. Trump managed to defeat favorite Hillary Clinton by a relatively narrow margin. The victory came as a shock to many Americans, regardless of where they reside on the political spectrum. For many in the alternative media, the victory of President Elect Trump comes with a great sense of relief that career criminal Hillary Clinton was not elected (or installed) as so many had expected. Clinton had already showed a propensity to collude, cheat and lie during the Democratic Primaries where she triumphed with dirty tactics over Bernie Sanders. For many others, turned off by Trump’s racism, sexism, xenophobia, Islamophobia and generally flippant comments, the Trump victory is devastating and will challenge them psychologically and emotionally to accept the reality for the results. Hillary Clinton: What Went Wrong? 
The result is especially surprising given the degree to which Hillary Clinton had ingratiated herself with the upper echelons of the NWO (New World Order). From an outside perspective, it seemed Clinton had left no stone unturned in brown-nosing and sucking up to the most powerful people and organizations in the world, including the Rothschilds, Goldman Sachs, the Rockefeller CFR (Council on Foreign Relations) and many many more. Additionally, given her propensity for criminality and her powerful backers such as George Soros, coupled with the serious problems electronic voting machines possess in being able to be hacked and the vote flipped, many are left wondering how Hillary lost . What went wrong? 
At this stage in the game of post-election analysis, we can point to a few things. Hillary’s criminal past clearly caught up with her. It is unprecedented in the history of US presidential elections for a leading candidate to be under an on-again, off-again criminal investigation. Clinton simply has so many scandals in her recent and distant past that it’s like trying to stop a ship with 30 holes from sinking; you can’t plug them all. She was also running up against the problem that the Democrats had been in power for 8 years, when recent history shows that power seems to change hands in around that time frame. Clinton represented the establishment, and as the popularity of both Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump has shown, people are tired of the same. They intuitively know the system is rigged and corrupt, even if they can’t exactly put their fingers on it. Obama, Mr. “Hope and Change”, got in with a slick campaign of promising something different (upon which he didn’t deliver). Trump represented anti-establishment, and whether he truly embodies that or not is an entirely different matter, because it’s all about perception. Does a Trump Victory Show that NWO Powerbrokers Are Less in Control than It Seems? 
The win of President Elect Trump is truly shocking and monumental event. Many people (including myself) were predicting that it was a foregone conclusion that Clinton would win. For instance, founder of WikiLeaks Julian Assange stated before the election that “Trump would not permitted to win” . The MSM (Mainstream Media) were clearly favoring Clinton at almost every turn. Whatever you think of Trump, we can at least say the will of the majority of American voters was respected, which is a relief, given how much corruption exists in our society today. 
The question now is this: is a Trump victory the result the NWO powerbrokers wanted all along, for reasons we are yet to see? Or is it a genuine uprising against these forces? What Does a Trump Presidency Mean for Liberty and Freedom? 
For me, Trump can be summarized in one word: unpredictable . President Elect Trump truly embodies unpredictability more than any other high-level politician around. One moment he is railing against the 9/11 official story, then he is declaring his love for Israel, then he is bringing up the vaccine-autism connection, then he is suggesting Snowden be killed. Next he is suggesting GMO corn makes you stupid, then he suggesting Muslims be banned from the US , then he is calling global warming a hoax , then he is suggesting the Government be given the power to shut down the internet. Then, after all of that, he makes friendly overtures to Russia while demonizing the hell out of Iran. What does he stand for? Peace or war? Freedom or tyranny? 
At this stage no one knows, probably not even Trump himself. He has contradicted himself numerous times throughout his campaign, and merely once suggesting a good idea (i.e. looking at who controls the issuance of money instead of letting the international bankers via the Federal Reserve control it) doesn’t mean it will become his policy. Unpredictability is one of Trump’s great qualities, but also one of his most dangerous. A lot will depend on with whom he surrounds himself once becoming President Trump, and what kind of advice they give him. His VP Mike Pence is a standard conservative Republican who will be no doubt far more to the liking of the NWO conspirators, but Trump is also taking advice from retired DIA (Defense Intelligence Agency) chief Michael Flynn, the man who came out and highlighted how the US created ISIS in a declassified DIA document . 
For now, America and the world have around two-and-a-half months to get over the incredible shock of yesterday’s result and psychologically prepare itself for a Trump presidency. Meanwhile, it would be foolish for us to expect that one man can fix all of America’s problems. It will be the job of the independent and alternative media to hold Trump to his promises and his word, and to continue to share ideas of how we can truly create a better, freer and more just society. This necessarily involves questioning the very structures and systems of society, and will never magically improve with just the passing of the baton from one politician to another. About the Author 
Makia Freeman is the editor of The Freedom Articles and senior researcher at ToolsForFreedom.com ( FaceBook here), writing on many aspects of truth and freedom, from exposing aspects of the worldwide conspiracy to suggesting solutions for how human ity can create a new system of peace and abundance 
**Sources embedded throughout article.",0
3651,Italian Court Convicts Jihadists Plotting Rome Attack,MILAN (AP)  —   An Italian court has convicted a   man and his wife on charges of international terrorism in connection with an Islamic State plot to carry out attacks in Rome during the Holy Year in 2016. [advertisement,0
3652,NASA Announces Solar Probe Which Will ’Touch the Sun’ - Breitbart,"At a press conference on Wednesday, NASA announced the “Parker Solar Probe,” which will be sent on a mission to examine and research the Sun up close. [The mission, which is being launched next year, “will gather data about the sun’s outermost atmosphere known as the corona where temperatures can reach up to 500, 000C, much higher than those in the sun’s core,” according to The Telegraph, and is named after astrophysicist Eugene Parker.  “This is the first time NASA has named a spacecraft for a living individual,” said Thomas Zurbuchen, associate administrator for NASA’s Science Mission Directorate in Washington. “It’s a testament to the importance of his body of work, founding a new field of science that also inspired my own research and many important science questions NASA continues to study and further understand every day. I’m very excited to be personally involved honoring a great man and his unprecedented legacy. ” Eugene Parker himself also expressed excitement about the mission, declaring, “I’m sure there will be some surprises. There always are. ” “The solar probe is going to a region of space that has never been explored before,” he explained. “It’s very exciting that we’ll finally get a look. One would like to have some more detailed measurements of what’s going on in the solar wind. ” Nicola Fox, a scientist involved with the Parker Solar Probe project, claimed that the probe “is going to answer questions about solar physics that we’ve puzzled over for more than six decades. ” “It’s a spacecraft loaded with technological breakthroughs that will solve many of the largest mysteries about our star, including finding out why the sun’s corona is so much hotter than its surface,” she claimed. “And we’re very proud to be able to carry Gene’s name with us on this amazing voyage of discovery. ” According to NASA’s official website, “NASA missions are most often renamed after launch and certification. ” “In this case, given Parker’s accomplishments within the field, and how closely aligned this mission is with his research, the decision was made to honor him prior to launch, in order to draw attention to his important contributions to heliophysics and space science,” they declared. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
3653,"Gay Veteran, 91, Gets Honorable Discharge After 69 Years - The New York Times","For more than half a century, Hubert Edward Spires has lived with the painful memory of being kicked out of the Air Force as a young gay sergeant in the 1940s. The word “undesirable” was printed on his discharge records. But now, at 91, Mr. Spires said he can finally be at peace with that part of his life. On Friday, he was awakened by a phone call to his Connecticut home and learned that the Air Force Board for the Correction of Military Records had agreed to change his status. This time, his discharge would be described as “honorable. ” “It was a long haul,” Mr. Spires said on Tuesday in phone call from his home in Norwalk. “I got the confirmation that I had been looking for. ” Said his husband, David Rosenberg, whom he met in 1956 and married eight years ago: “His first words were, ‘It’s about time.’ ” Mr. Spires is one of the hundreds of gay former military personnel who have been emboldened by the 2010 repeal of the United States military’s Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell policy, which prohibited gay men and lesbians from serving openly in the military. In 2011, the federal government allowed changes to veterans’ military records, some of which had been labeled “undesirable” or “other than honorable. ” The incentives for doing so were sometimes financial. Such designations could make it difficult for the men and women who had served to get employment, loans or access to veterans benefits. But there was another, more important reason. “The respect factor,” said Matt Thorn, an executive director at   Legal Defense Network, which helps veterans with the application process needed to reverse such designations. “I served my country honorably I want that respect. And they should have that. ” Mr. Thorn said many go through an application process that can take up to 18 months. But for Mr. Spires, who recently recovered from pneumonia, it took years of effort that will now allow him to have a burial, when the time comes, with military honors. “I have to quietly go back into my shell now,” he said. “Because I am 91 years old, and my health is not all it should be. I can’t take on jobs that require energy because I don’t have it anymore, but I had it long enough to fight the G. D. Air Force and win,” he said. Brooke Brzozowske, a spokeswoman for the Air Force, said the service branch had denied 27 out of 157 requests for upgrades since the policy was repealed. “We were not necessarily discharging people for just being gay,” she said. “It was associated with misconduct if it was a dishonorable discharge. ” The military corrections board first received Mr. Spires’s application to get his status upgraded in 2014, but some of his discharge records had been destroyed in a fire in 1973 that also consumed those of other veterans of World War II, the Korean War and the Vietnam War, according to a copy of the records board statement about his case. Other documents found in 2016 showed he served in the military from 1946 to 1948, when he was discharged from Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio. To help his case, Mr. Spires also filed a lawsuit in Federal District Court for the District of Connecticut in November, assisted by the Yale Law School’s Veterans Legal Services Clinic. The lawsuit asserted that Mr. Spires’s rights had been violated after he encountered unreasonable delays in the Air Force review to change his discharge status to “honorable. ” According to the lawsuit and to Mr. Spires account, his life as a young chaplain’s assistant at the base included playing the organ at services and typing letters to distressed families. He attended social events with gay men outside of the base, he said. At a Halloween party in 1947, Mr. Spires dressed in a costume inspired by a sparkly laundry soap. Someone at the party informed his superiors that he was in drag, the lawsuit said. He was interrogated by military officials, threatened with a   and sent to hearings and psychiatrists, the suit says. He signed a statement saying he had engaged in “homosexual acts” to end an interrogation, the lawsuit said. “I never did anything on the base in uniform,” he said. “I had a whole slew of very good friends who were gay and lived off base. We partied together we had wonderful meals together and went to the opera together. We lived a very normal life. I did not dishonor the Air Force in any way by my actions,” Mr. Spires said in the interview. He was discharged and sent home to Lancaster, Ohio, in civilian clothes. Over the years, he destroyed his military records for fear his Catholic family would find out, he said. He found work in department stores and other jobs. He met Mr. Rosenberg in 1956 at a séance in New York. They have been companions ever since, marrying in 2009, Mr. Spires said. The court did not rule on Mr. Spires’s lawsuit, as the Air Force board resumed its review of Mr. Spires’s application. It finally said in its letter last week that he had no misconduct in the military and concluded there was “the existence of an injustice. ” Its recommendation: an honorable discharge dating to March 17, 1948. “I had a terrible time,” Mr. Spires said. “But now I have been able to put so much of that behind me, and now that I have got my honorable discharge, I hope these negative thoughts will leave me permanently. ” He added, “It has allowed me to not have to look over my shoulder all the time. ”",0
3654,Review: ‘Absolutely Fabulous’ Brings Its Snickers and Bubbly to the Big Screen - The New York Times,"“Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie” opens with Edina Monsoon (Jennifer Saunders) and her bestie, Patsy Stone (Joanna Lumley) blundering into a fashion show. While ordinary latecomers might try a discreet entrance, bobbing and weaving as they scamper for seats, the constitutionally unmindful Eddy and Patsy stumble onto the catwalk, creating a distraction that forces everyone’s attention on them. What seems like mere    —   Eddy galumphing among the gazelles  —   is a sly declaration of intent in a happily     goof. As it announces, “Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie” is the   iteration of the BBC series created by Ms. Saunders that enjoyed an erratic run from 1992 to 2012. It’s basically more of the amusing, often very funny, occasionally wincing raucous same, with Eddy and Patsy as the   and    —   and      —   irresistible fools whose adventures are as   as Lucy and Ethel’s were decades earlier. The story this time hangs on Eddy’s efforts to revive her sagging public relations career, a slender narrative thread that Ms. Saunders adorns with bright bits, much like a string of Christmas lights. The original “Absolutely Fabulous” was created by Ms. Saunders and originated in a 1990 skit that she did with her longtime comedy partner Dawn French on their show “French and Saunders. ” (Ms. Saunders and Ms. French both worked as writers on the “Absolutely Fabulous” series.) Set in the wake of Margaret Thatcher, “Ab Fab”  —   as fans fondly call it  —   pivots on Eddy, a child of the 1960s turned hardly working ’90s businesswoman. Crucially, her time and energy are largely fixed on herself and other women, including her daughter, Saffron, or Saffy (Julia Sawalha) a frump in Dr. Huxtable sweaters and sensible shoes, who plays the superego scold to her mother’s irrepressible id. Nothing if not period appropriate, at least in its early years, the show positioned Eddy and Patsy as avatars of a hilariously clueless, grasping materialism, while riffing on the likes of spiritualism, family life and pop culture. Complexly feminist, it reserved some of its most comically scabrous bits for the preposterous contradictions and hurdles facing women, as in the episode “Fat,” in which Eddy obsesses over her weight, vainly struggles to get into her   clothes and aspirationally discusses fasting while nibbling on food. “Inside of me there’s a thin person just screaming to get out,” Eddy insists at one point. “Just the one, dear?” asks her mom (June Whitfield). Crucial to the movie and series both is that they lampoon Eddy and Patsy even as they go after the world that made them, which allows you to giggle at the characters and lets them, more or less, have the last   laugh. Their laughter may be   but their unbreakable bond means that at least they’re clueless together. Their friendship remains intact in the movie, as does the show’s principal cast, its   feel, indifferent visuals and gaudy fashion. Except that now the sideshow hits the road, which allows Eddy and her second bananas (including her assistant, Bubble, played by Jane Horrocks) to leave her kitchen for the South of France. Serviceably, at times awkwardly, directed by Mandie Fletcher, the movie skews softer than the series at its barbed best, partly because the celebrity culture that once provided such rich material has become just another ratings opportunity for the Kardashians. As in the series, the perfectly synced Ms. Saunders and Ms. Lumley receive some invaluable support (notably from Kathy Burke, an “Ab Fab” veteran) and manage to rise above the crowd of famous faces, which here includes Stella McCartney and Kate Moss. These   function as human versions of Eddy and Patsy’s costly    accessories, which I guess makes Jon Hamm its Birkin bag. “Absolutely Fabulous” is rated R (under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult companion). Drinking, drugging, shopping. Running time: 1 hour 26 minutes.",0
3655,"Tapper to Bannon Saying Media Should Keep Mouth Shut and Listen: ’Ha, No.’ - Breitbart","CNN anchor Jake Tapper reacted to chief strategist and senior counselor Steve Bannon’s statement that “The media should be embarrassed and humiliated and keep its mouth shut and just listen for awhile,” with “Ha, no. ”  Tapper said, “A reminder that the president’s top aide just told the New York Times that the press should keep its mouth shut. Ha, no. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo",0
3656,Comment on All Saints Day by Steven Broiles,"Posted on November 1, 2016 by joandarc | 8 Comments 
Yesterday, October 31, was All Hallows’ Eve or Halloween, that is, the evening before the holy ones. 
As explained in “ Reclaim Halloween as the holy All Hallows’ Eve! ,” the word “hallow” is “to make holy or sacred, to sanctify or consecrate, to venerate,” while the word “e’en” means “evening.” 
The word “saint” means holy. Halloween, therefore, means Holy Evening or the Evening of the Hallowed or Holy Ones, i.e., the Evening of the Saints. 
In other words, Halloween is the evening before All Saints Day, which is today! 
Then I saw another angel come up from the East, holding the seal of the living God. He cried out in a loud voice to the four angels who were given power to damage the land and the sea, “Do not damage the land or the sea or the trees until we put the seal on the foreheads of the servants of our God.” I heard the number of those who had been marked with the seal, one hundred and forty-four thousand marked from every tribe of the Israelites.” Rev. 7:2-4 
After this I had a vision of a great multitude, which no one could count, from every nation, race, people, and tongue. They stood before the throne and before the Lamb, wearing white robes and holding palm branches in their hands. They cried out in a loud voice: “Salvation comes from our God, who is seated on the throne, and from the Lamb.” All the angels stood around the throne and around the elders and the four living creatures. They prostrated themselves before the throne, worshiped God, and exclaimed: 
“Amen. Blessing and glory, wisdom and thanksgiving, honor, power and might be to our God forever and ever. Amen.” 
Then one of the elders spoke up and said to me, “Who are these wearing white robes, and where did they come from?” I said to him, “My Lord, you are the one who knows.” He said to me, “These are the ones who have survived the time of great distress; they have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.” Rev. 7:9-14. 
“For this reason they stand before God’s throne and worship him day and night in his temple. The one who sits on the throne will shelter them. They will not hunger or thirst anymore, nor will the sun or any heat strike them. For the Lamb who is in the center of the throne will shepherd them and lead them to springs of life- giving water, and God will wipe away every tear from their eyes.” Rev. 7:15-17. 
Through the “communion of saints,” a doctrine proclaimed in the Apostle’s Creed, the blessed in heaven assist those of us on earth; we pray with the saints so that they may intercede on our behalf before Our Lord. Remember, these incredible, courageous and wonderful individuals see God face to face! How cool is that? 
Indeed, they are the ultimate role models, heroes and heroines-people who chose to do extraordinary things and behaved always with serving Our Lord as their first priority in their lives, no matter what the cost. They were no different as human beings than we are, with faults, talents, proclivities towards temptation and bearing all qualities incident to human beings. What made them different were their choices, to serve God first above anything and everything. To put it more eloquently were the words of St. Thomas More on the day he was beheaded, wherein he stated, “I am the King’s good servant, but God’s first.” 
In the communion of saints, “a perennial link of charity exists between the faithful who have already reached their heavenly home and those of us who are still pilgrims on earth.” (CCC 1475) 
St. Thomas More said this about the saints. “We venerate the saints as God’s servants, as we would on earth welcome the servants of a great man we esteemed. If the goodness we bestow upon our poor brethren is considered by Christ as bestowed upon Himself, as He tells us (Mt 25:40), and if those, as He says, who welcome His apostles and disciples welcome Him (Mt. 10:40), assuredly those who honor the saints are likewise honoring Christ. Our Lord Himself showed that He would have His saints partake in His glory when He promised the apostles that they would be seated at His side on the final Day of Judgment (Mt. 19:28). Moreover, He promised that Martha’s sister Mary (whom More identified as Mary Magdalen) would be honored throughout the world for her deed of anointing Him with ointment (Mt. 26:13).” 
As to honoring the saints, and our desire to request their advocacy and intercession on our behalf, as to whether or not the saints can either hear us or help us, St. Thomas More provided, “Yet how can we doubt whether they hear us? Their souls are not dead, and therefore as living souls the love and charity toward their fellowman that characterized them to this world cannot have diminished in the next. The closer one draws to heaven, the greater is his solicitude toward his brethren here on earth, as was the case with the martyr Saint Stephen, who after seeing heaven opened, prayed for his enemies who were stoning him (Acts 7:55-60). In view of this, is it conceivable that Saint Stephen would not pray for those who honor him on earth, now that he is in heaven?” And the question is further posed, how can the saints in heaven help us? More reasoned that since “the saints were certainly able to assist others while on earth where their human nature was as weak as ours, surely they can do so in heaven.” 
More further reasoned that even while Our Lord lived on this earth, He permitted people to come to His apostles rather than directly to Himself for help and allowed the Twelve to work miracles in His stead. Indeed, on some occasions the apostles assumed the role of intercessors with Christ, presenting the petitions of others to their Master. “If this was the case when the apostles were with Christ on earth, it must surely be so now that they dwell with Him in heaven. God is pleased to have us honor and call upon His saints, His especial beloved friends, for it becometh us and well behoveth us to make friends of such as he hath in favour.” 
Have not you ever asked someone, “Please pray for my mother, she is very ill,” or “Please pray for me; I am about to make a very important decision that will affect my life.” Indeed and in fact, we have set forth these petitions to others on FOTM . Ergo, we pray with the Saints, inhabitants of the Church Triumphant, for their intercession, for their guidance that they receive from Our Lord Himself. If we ask those we know on earth for their advocacy and prayers, all the more reason to ask the Church Triumphant to enter our lives, to give us direction and to ask through them the Grace from God necessary to live our lives according to the Will of God, to the fullest extent, using all of our talents and gifts given to us by God. The Saints are with us; we are foolish not to have camaraderie with them and to enjoy intimate and meaningful relationships. 
We end this post by honoring the particular Saints in our respective lives who have inspired and helped us: St. Michael the Archangel , St. Paul , the Virgin Mary , St. Thérèse the Little Flower, St. Joseph, St. Thomas Aquinas and my patient and wonderful guardian angel ~ from Eowyn. 
We love you, we admire you, and we thank you! 
May Our Lord Always Be First Served! 
For the Saint posts we’ve published, go to FOTM’s “ Saints and Angels ” page! 
Sources: Catechism of the Catholic Church . James Monti, The King’s Good Servant but God’s First, The Life and Writings of Saint Thomas More (San Francisco: Ignatius Press, 1997). Sister Mary Raphael is Gone, But Not Forgotten! Daily Catholic 2000, January 18, 2000, volume 11, no. 12. 
~Joan & Eowyn",0
3657,CNN’s Sciutto: Susan Rice Story Promoted By Trump Admin as a ’Distraction’ - Breitbart,"Monday on “Anderson Cooper 360,” CNN chief national security correspondent Jim Sciutto called a report that former National Security Advisor Susan Rice was behind the unmasking of identities of members of the Trump transition team in surveillance of foreign officials to be a distraction from a larger investigation of the Trump administration.  According to what Sciutto described as a “source,” those allegations aimed at Rice were false, which is what Sciutto based his claim of this being a distraction. Partial transcript as follows: Well, just a short time ago, I spoke with someone close to Ambassador Rice, and this is the first comments from someone close to Rice today on these allegations. I’ll read it in quotes. “The idea that Ambassador Rice improperly sought the identities of Americans is false. There is nothing unusual about making these requests when serving as a senior national security official, whether Democrat or Republican. ” That coming from someone who works for Ambassador Rice. But let’s go beyond that, because I spoke today with senior  —   former senior U. S. intelligence officials, the senior most who served both Republican and Democratic administrations, and this is what they have told me about this story. They said, “One, this is not unusual. This happens. When you are briefed on intelligence communications like this, sometimes senior national security officials can ask the intelligence community to identify the Americans either mentioned in those conversations or on the other side of those phone calls. It’s not up to that senior U. S. national security official to make that decision, it’s then up to the intelligence agencies, the NSA, they decide what’s appropriate to then unmask for that senior official. It is legal. There are protocols that have been put in place since   to allow this to happen. ” And I’m told, this very meticulously logged, someone said to me, described it, it’s like Catholic baptismal records. It’s so   logged. You can’t do this in secret and you have to do it without the approval of the intelligence community. And, finally, Anderson, I would just say, why would someone do this? Every day, they’re getting briefings on intelligence. Their briefer chooses what they are briefed on, including Ambassador Rice, in those briefings, an official such as Rice might say, to further understand it, I would like to know who those names are. And that’s why they would make that request, which then as I said would have to be approved by the intelligence community. That’s what I’m told. And again to note by senior intelligence officials who work for both Democrats and Republicans. This appears to be a story, largely ginned up, partly as a distraction from this larger investigation. But I will say, Anderson, you’re aware of this, the investigations continue, but particularly on the House side, there are now questions coming from both Democrats and Republicans about how bipartisan this investigation can be. (  Daily Caller) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
3658,Carlson: Trump-Russia ’Hoax’ an Effort to Topple a Democratically Elected Government the D.C. Permanent Class Doesn’t Like - Breitbart,"Friday during the opening monologue of “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” host Tucker Carlson sounded off on the effect of former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee a day earlier. [Carlson argued Comey’s testimony did not further the   conspiracy narrative, which many had hoped would bring the beginning of the end to the Donald Trump presidency.  “[H]ere is what is true  —   as of 8 p. m. Eastern time tonight, Donald Trump is still the president of the U. S. and that means on the most basic level, Comey’s testimony failed to achieve its goal. Make no mistake, removing Trump from office was the goal. ‘There was collusion, Russia hacked our election, assault to our democracy, imperils our way of life!’ You hear those all the time. You hear them every night on this show but nobody in D. C. actually believes any of that, and that’s why nobody ever explains how exactly it happened or what specifically the effects of it were. Because they have no idea. And in fact, they don’t really care. They just want Trump gone along with anyone who is in the way. Russia is just a means. ” Carlson also noted one the latest targets of this effort is Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who is under further scrutiny for having met with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak for an undisclosed third time. Nonetheless, the ultimate goal of this “hoax” according to the Fox News Channel host was to topple “a democratically elected government” that people in Washington, D. C. did not like. “[A]gain, this is not about truth or fairness, much less protecting this country from foreign threats,” he added. “It’s about toppling  —   let’s not lie about it  —   a democratically elected government that the permanent class in Washington does not like. Now again, collusion with a foreign government against the interest of the United States is tantamount to treason. It is definitely a moral crime, and we would never defend it. We would attack it, of course. There is just no evidence it actually happened. This whole story is a hoax. It’s a lie that those who tell it they tell it are beginning to believe. That is the definition of mass hysteria. It is deeply hurting our country, and yet otherwise smart people press forward as if it is all entirely real despite mounting evidence it is not real at all. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
3659,"In Battle for Trump’s Heart and Mind, It’s Bannon vs. Kushner - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Thick with tension, the conversation this week between Stephen K. Bannon, the chief White House strategist, and Jared Kushner, the president’s    and senior adviser, had deteriorated to the point of breakdown. Finally, Mr. Bannon identified why they could not compromise, according to someone with knowledge of the conversation. “Here’s the reason there’s no middle ground,” Mr. Bannon growled. “You’re a Democrat. ” The schism within Mr. Trump’s perpetually fractious White House has grown in recent weeks, fueled by personality, ideology and ambition. At its core are Mr. Bannon, the edgy, nationalist   suddenly in the seat of power, and Mr. Kushner, the polished,   scion of New Jersey and New York real estate. Even as Mr. Kushner’s portfolio of responsibilities has been expanding, Mr. Bannon’s in recent days has shrunk with the loss of a national security post. The escalating feud, though, goes beyond mere West Wing melodrama, the sort of who’   ’  scorekeeping that typically consumes Washington. Instead, it reflects a larger struggle to guide the direction of the Trump presidency, played out in disagreements over the policies Mr. Trump should pursue, the people he should hire and the image he should put forward to the American people. On one side are Mr. Bannon’s guerrilla warriors, eager to close the nation’s borders, dismantle decades of regulations, empower police departments and take on the establishment of both parties in Washington. On the other are Mr. Kushner’s “Democrats,” an appellation used to describe even Republicans who want to soften Mr. Trump’s rough edges and broaden his narrow popular appeal after months of historically low poll numbers. In the middle is Mr. Trump himself, seemingly torn between the two factions, tilting one way or the other depending on the day, or even the hour, while he seeks to recapture momentum after a series of defeats in Congress and the courts. As he did throughout his career in business and entertainment, Mr. Trump plays advisers off one another, encouraging a sort of    competition for influence and ideas within his circle, so long as everyone demonstrates loyalty to him. At different moments, Mr. Trump has given conflicting impressions of his preferences. He has privately scorned the coverage of Mr. Kushner’s recent   trip to Iraq, according to two people who spoke with him, and questioned the need for his   ’s newly created office to overhaul the government. At other points, he has been dismissive of Mr. Bannon, curtly telling him he is not needed at this meeting or that. “This president’s method of managing is by him personally curating points of views from a diverse group of people in whom he has some trust and credibility,” said Thomas Barrack Jr. a longtime friend of Mr. Trump who led his inaugural festivities. “And he very rarely accepts one course of action or one suggestion without laundering it amongst all of them. And what happens in that process is confusion amongst those from whom he’s seeking advice. What works for him is that, out of that milieu, his instincts take him to the right answer. ” But the main players have grown so wary of leaving Mr. Trump’s side that it has become hard to organize meetings of senior officials without him, to thrash through policies or hiring choices, slowing up an already fitful process. Meanwhile, the conflicting sides have been waging proxy battles through friendly news media outlets. While alliances have been fluid in this White House, Mr. Kushner is joined by more   advisers including not only his wife, Ivanka Trump, who now has her own West Wing office, but also Gary Cohn, the president’s national economics adviser, and Dina Powell, a deputy national security adviser, both veterans of Goldman Sachs. Mr. Bannon’s closest ally is Stephen Miller, the president’s senior adviser for policy and the author of orders to temporarily ban visitors from certain predominantly Muslim countries. And although they were once at odds and still come from vastly different vantage points, Mr. Bannon has also maintained an alliance of convenience lately with Reince Priebus, the chief of staff closely associated with the Republican Party establishment. In recent weeks, as Mr. Bannon has felt increasingly frustrated, Mr. Priebus has several times bolstered the chief strategist in discussions with the president, according to people with direct knowledge of the talks. In turn, Mr. Bannon has gone out of his way to praise his onetime rival’s performance. Mr. Kushner and the others are said to be especially concerned about the geyser of bad headlines that have marked the president’s first two and a half months in office. They have resisted many of the more polarizing policy initiatives favored by Mr. Bannon’s side, including the travel ban and rollbacks of environmental regulation and of protections for transgender students, arguing that they undercut Mr. Trump’s election night pledge to be a president for all Americans. On foreign policy, Mr. Kushner is more inclined toward intervention in the Middle East while Mr. Bannon would prefer that the United States remain as uncommitted as possible. Even as the president signaled this week that he might respond militarily to the chemical attack on civilians in Syria, Mr. Bannon has argued that American interests are better served by not getting drawn any further into the quagmire of a civil war. From his point of view, Mr. Bannon describes the struggle in militaristic terms, vowing to associates that he “won’t give an inch. ” He tells Mr. Trump that there is no political benefit to drifting even slightly toward the center on core issues like the Mexican border wall, immigration and the environment, while he argues against a large infrastructure spending package without a clear way to pay for it. Mr. Bannon argues that it would be a fool’s errand to try to placate Democrats on Capitol Hill. That is a view shared by Mr. Priebus, a former chairman of the Republican National Committee. If Mr. Trump made a deal on health care with Democrats, Mr. Priebus told the president, it would jeopardize his chances of winning the Republican nomination in 2020, according to a person present for the conversation. The split has widened in a White House filled with aides facing constant questions from reporters about their place. Kellyanne Conway, the president’s counselor and once the most prominent face of the White House, has been less visible after several public misstatements. Sean Spicer, the press secretary known for combative encounters with reporters, is struggling to match his aggressive boss’s expectations. And Mr. Trump’s penchant for polling outsiders about his staff fosters tension. Mr. Priebus remains in a hot spot. Mr. Trump is fond of asking visitors, “How do you think Reince is doing?” and he expressed anger at the collapse of the health care overhaul, telling a longtime associate last week that he believed that Mr. Priebus was partly to blame. One of Mr. Priebus’s top deputies, Katie Walsh, left the White House unexpectedly last week, and he has been alarmed by a spate of stories questioning his relationships with the president and with Vice President Mike Pence. Mr. Priebus personally reached out to two administration officials urging them to push back with journalists reporting on tension with Mr. Pence. Anxious for a victory, Mr. Priebus hastily convened a meeting with Mr. Pence, House Speaker Paul Ryan and others in his corner office on Wednesday night and pressed for a quick vote on the health care repeal package, or some element of it, before the House left for its spring recess on Thursday. Mr. Ryan, who is close to Mr. Priebus, rejected the idea, explaining that the Republican leadership needed more time to secure votes to pass anything. Similarly, Mr. Bannon has told associates that he has been frustrated by recent setbacks and has resolved to dig in hard. He has been prodded by his longtime financial patron, Rebekah Mercer, the conservative philanthropist and political donor, according to White House insiders. But she was in little position to help him, since Mr. Trump is said to have grown weary of the Mercers’ seeking to enforce control over outside groups supporting him. The wrestling match has spilled over into public view as each camp seeks reinforcements among news media and conservative figures. Roger J. Stone Jr. an    adviser to Mr. Trump for 30 years, accused Mr. Kushner of planting negative views of Mr. Bannon on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” a show the president is known to watch. “Many of the   Bannon stories that you see, the themes that you see on ‘Morning Joe,’ are being dictated by Kushner, while Mr. Kushner’s plate is very full with Middle Eastern peace and the China visit and so on,” Mr. Stone said this week on the radio show hosted by Alex Jones, an avid fan of Mr. Trump’s who loathes establishment figures and traffics in conspiracy theories. Mr. Bannon’s supporters are publicly warning about the subversion of Mr. Trump’s real agenda by the   Democrats. “This isn’t about palace intrigue,” Laura Ingraham, the conservative radio host and author who was one of Mr. Trump’s earliest backers, said in an interview. “This is about a   assault against the Trump agenda from within. If the president allows this to continue and drifts away from his key pledges, he risks losing his core constituency and any hope of a second term. ”",0
3660,BREAKING : HOAX “RAPE LAWSUIT” AGAINST TRUMP IS DROPPED – TruthFeed,"BREAKING : HOAX “RAPE LAWSUIT” AGAINST TRUMP IS DROPPED BREAKING : HOAX “RAPE LAWSUIT” AGAINST TRUMP IS DROPPED Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 5, 2016 
The hoax “rape lawsuit” which a liar attempted to bring against Trump, has been dropped. 
Chalk it up to another lie perpetuated by the left and #NeverTrump idiots in a desperate attempt to take down Donald Trump. 
From Politico : 
A woman who accused Donald Trump of repeatedly raping her two decades ago when she was a 13-year-old aspiring teen model has again dropped a federal lawsuit over the alleged assaults. 
The accuser, identified in the lawsuit by the pseudonym “Jane Doe,” was expected to appear at a news conference in Los Angeles Wednesday, but that appearance was abruptly canceled. 
Let this be a lesson to the left and #NeverTrump – all of your fake accusers have been debunked and shamed. 
This isn’t the 90’s anymore and you’re not dealing with half-asleep Americans. 
We’re 100% wide awake and will fight YOU for OUR COUNTRY. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
3661,Newsbud Launches Phase 2 Funding Drive,"Podcast: Play in new window | Download | Embed 
PLEDGE TO THE NEWSBUD KICKSTARTER: http://kck.st/2dyYWD2 
Spiro Skouras joins us today to update us on the operations at Newsbud.com . We discuss the new reporters, new programs and website changes that have been accomplished since the first funding drive and what they’re hoping to achieve with their latest funding drive.",0
3662,Heavy Snowfall Is Forecast Across Northeastern U.S. - The New York Times,"Maybe you thought you were going to get through this winter without too much rough weather. Not so fast. If the current forecast is accurate, there is still some winter yet to come. The National Weather Service warned residents of the upper Midwest, the Northeast and the Middle Atlantic on Sunday of “widespread heavy snowfall and possible blizzard conditions” in the coming days “as reality sets in that winter is not quite over. ” How much snow are we talking about? A lot. If you live in or around Washington, Baltimore or Philadelphia, you could see as much as a foot of snow on Monday and Tuesday, said Andrew Orrison, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service’s Weather Prediction Center in College Park, Md. A winter storm watch has been issued for those areas. The situation is expected to be worse for people who live in and around New York, Long Island, coastal Connecticut, Rhode Island or Boston. Snowfall there could reach one to two feet, he said. “Suffice it to say, we are looking at a significant winter storm for much of the   corridor,” Mr. Orrison said. The New York metro area and other regions facing a blizzard watch could experience stronger wind, with gusts of up to 60 miles per hour forecast on Long Island and in parts of southeastern Connecticut. The blizzard watch extended from just south of Newark up the Connecticut coast. The rest of the state, Massachusetts and Rhode Island were under a winter storm warning, with forecasters predicting 12 to 18 inches of snow. Tuesday was expected to bring heavy snowfall rates of 2 to 4 inches per hour for all of southern New England, except perhaps on Cape Cod, and winds strong enough to knock over trees and power lines were predicted for parts of Rhode Island and Massachusetts. “Pretty big storm for this time of year,” said Bill Simpson, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service office in Taunton, Mass. adding that it would probably snarl the morning and evening commutes on Tuesday. Large parts of New York State, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Maryland and Northern Virginia were also under a winter storm warning on Sunday night. So far, this winter has felt like something of a reprieve for Boston, where memories of the   winter of 2015, which brought a string of storms that January and February, are all too fresh. Still, Boston has had 39. 2 inches of snow this year, which Mr. Simpson said was a bit more than usual, including a blizzard that bore down in early February before the weather turned unusually springlike. Mr. Simpson predicted that the weather would remain cold through the rest of the week. “Any snow that falls in the system will stick around through at least into the weekend, and then there might be another system next weekend,” he said. That means residents are in for a fresh round of digging out their cars and, perhaps, guarding their spots with    —   a practice that is frowned upon in parts of the city, but alive and well in others. Late winter storms, Mr. Simpson said, are far from unprecedented in the city. The April Fools’ Day Blizzard of 1997 dropped about 25 inches on the city, and the snowiest March ever recorded, in 1993, piled nearly 39 inches of snow in a single month. So, what are the odds that this is all a terrible  ? The weather has been nice all winter. Maybe this will not happen after all? The chances of that are pretty slim. “There is still some uncertainty with the model guidance we are looking at, but we are pretty confident there will be significant snowfall in the   and the Northeast,” Mr. Orrison said. “We would certainly advise that people stay tuned for the latest forecast information. ”",0
3663,Clinton Campaign In FULL PANIC After Bill’s Alleged Son Makes DEMAND That Would HUMILIATE Them,"Clinton Campaign In FULL PANIC After Bill’s Alleged Son Makes DEMAND That Would HUMILIATE Them Oct 27, 2016 Previous post 
The man claiming to be the son of former President Bill Clinton told Breitbart News Wednesday he wants his father to step up and be man enough to acknowledge him. “I have always wanted him to step up–for 30 years–you know? I have really been trying to figure this out–my whole life, you know? It is time for him to step up to the plate,” said Danney Williams, 30, who traveled from his Arkansas home to Las Vegas for Wednesday’s third presidential debate between GOP nominee Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton. 
The Arkansas man is not trolling the Democratic nominee’s husband. He said he is formally requesting that the former president submit to a paternity test and put the matter to rest–once and for all. 
“It is up to him now, ” he said. 
“I’ve proven who I am, let him step up and prove me right or prove me wrong,” he said. 
Williams’ mother, Bobbie Ann Williams, is quoted in media accounts describing how, as a prostitute in Little Rock, the then-governor met her while out on a jog. The two became close and shared several intimate encounters, according to those accounts. 
After Williams was born, his mother allegedly told the governor about his son and although Clinton was reluctant, she said in interviews, Arkansas state troopers would pay her child support every month with seven $100 bills. 
The payments stopped however after he announced Clinton was running for president, according to her media accounts. 
Williams said he has a good relationship 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
3664,Kejriwal in talks with Dr Manmohan Singh to become AAP’s Punjab CM candidate,"Kejriwal in talks with Dr Manmohan Singh to become AAP’s Punjab CM candidate Posted on Tweet (Image via intoday.in) 
Dr Manmohan Singh is back with a bang and how!! After his hard-hitting speech in Parliament in which Dr Singh blasted the Modi regime’s demonetization drive, the former Prime Minister is being wooed by none other than Arvind Kejriwal to become AAP’s Punjab CM candidate. If Dr Singh takes the bait, political pundits opine that it could bolster AAP’s chances of grabbing power in Punjab. 
AAP has been criticized for not naming its CM candidate thus far. Kejriwal is also being painted as an outsider who wants to willy-nilly become Punjab CM after handing over Delhi to Sisodiya. Kejri on the other hand is reluctant to name a CM candidate. That would create a rival power center and Kejri understandably doesn’t want a repeat of the Yogendra Yadav-Prashant Bhushan fiasco . 
Who can Kejri trust? Naming someone from his coteries is a non-starter – Announcing The Ashutosh as CM candidate would ensure that AAP candidates would lose their deposit in all the seats. Sanjay Singh’s tharki ways make Bill Clinton look like a priest. And even Hafiz Saeed is more popular than Ashish Khetan in Punjab. 
To make matters worse, after months of intense negotiations, Sidhu has ditched AAP and hitched his bandwagon to the Congress. The signs aren’t good – TrollKejri gets more RTs than Kejri, Sardesai is back to wooing Sonia, even Rahul seems to be edging ahead. And that’s why announcing Dr Manmohan Singh as AAP’s Punjab CM candidate is, to paraphrase the great Shastri, ‘just what the doctor ordered’. For one, AAP’s CM candidate will be a true blue Punjabi, a Sikh, and that too a former PM!! On the other hand, Kejri can go to sleep easy with the remote control firmly in his hand. In fact, by adopting the 10 Janpath formula of diarchy, Kejri can continue to wield power in both Punjab and Delhi, while having the time and space for Vipasna sessions in Bengaluru, Friday movie reviews and campaigning in Goa. It’s a win-win deal. 
Insiders say Sonia has agreed to let Kejri borrow Dr Manmohan Singh. To defeat Modi in 2019, AAP needs to come to power in Punjab in 2017. And for that, Sonia is willing to lose Punjab. So under the new arrangement, Dr Singh will report to Kejriwal as well as Sonia. 
However, Dr Singh has placed a few conditions of his own before transferring allegiance to Kejriwal. One, Monty must be made Deputy Chairman of the Punjab Planning Commission. Two, Dr Singh must be given complete freedom in formulating Punjab’s 5 year plans. Three, he will not be required to campaign during the polls. 
Kejriwal has accepted these conditions. Looks like Indian politics is all set to enter a new epoch.",0
3665,Early Voting Limits Donald Trump’s Time to Turn Campaign Around - The New York Times,"Advisers to Donald J. Trump keep reassuring Republicans that there is still plenty of time to rescue his candidacy  —   nearly three months to counter Hillary Clinton’s vast operation in swing states and get Mr. Trump on message. The Trump team had better check the calendar. Voting actually starts in less than six weeks, on Sept. 23 in Minnesota and South Dakota, the first of some 35 states and the District of Columbia that allow people to cast ballots at polling sites or by mail before Nov. 8. Iowa is expected to have ballots ready by the end of September, as are Illinois and two other states. The electoral battlegrounds of Arizona and Ohio are to begin voting on Oct. 12, nearly four weeks before Election Day. And North Carolina and Florida will be underway before Halloween. Early voting has become a critical, even decisive factor in presidential elections: President Obama was sufficiently ahead in the early vote in Iowa and Nevada in 2012 that his campaign shifted resources from those states to others, according to former advisers, who also credited enthusiastic early voting in 2008 for his victory in North Carolina and elsewhere. Nearly 32 percent of voters cast their ballots before Election Day in 2012, according to census data, compared with 29. 7 percent in 2008 and 20 percent in 2004. With Mrs. Clinton spending aggressively to try to dominate the early vote, Mr. Trump, who has repeatedly created distractions for himself in the past two weeks, is in jeopardy not just of being outmaneuvered but also of running out of chances to improve perceptions of him enough to win over undecided voters. “When you have something as catastrophic as the Trump campaign is becoming, there aren’t enough weeks left to turn things around, and little ability to organize effectively and capture a strong share of the early vote,” said Mike Murphy, a veteran Republican strategist who worked on behalf of Jeb Bush during the primaries. If Mrs. Clinton swamps Mr. Trump in the early vote in some swing states, she can move staff and money to the most competitive places  —   like Florida, North Carolina and Ohio, judging from recent polls  —   while he scrambles to battle on multiple fronts. “As many as 40 percent of voters cast ballots in the early states, and you can’t organize overnight, or even in just a few weeks, and win them,” said Neil Newhouse, who was Mitt Romney’s pollster in 2012. “Truthfully, if the Clinton campaign inherited what the Obama campaign put together, they’ve got to have a head start in this over the Trump campaign. ” Indeed, Mrs. Clinton’s team, which includes a number of former top Obama campaign lieutenants, has been working with county officials to ensure that voters in swing states have places to cast their ballots early, organizing voters at the neighborhood level, and contacting those who may not know that they must request absentee ballots in jurisdictions that do not automatically send them. Some Clinton allies are also organizing “souls to the polls” buses that take church members to vote immediately after Sunday church services in Democratic strongholds like Cleveland. Early voters tend to be older and more partisan, and many choose to cast absentee ballots by mail, while others prefer to go to polling sites during special evening and weekend hours. In Arizona, many vote early rather than stand in long lines in the heat on Election Day. Early voting rules and times vary widely by state, and some   legislatures have sought to put new limits on options like Sunday and evening voting  —   attempts that have been struck down in several court rulings. The Clinton campaign has “voter protection teams” of lawyers pushing for as much early voting as possible. “In every state, our goal is to use all available tools so more voters have their voices heard in this election  —   whether that’s by mail, early vote, absentee, or on Election Day,” said Marlon Marshall, the Clinton campaign’s director of state campaigns and engagement. “We’ve been working for months to reach out to voters to make casting their ballot as easy and accessible as possible. ” Mr. Trump is lagging far behind. Unlike Mrs. Clinton, he has not been running television ads, which are crucial for engaging early voters, and he has state organizers of varying experience levels and scattershot ground troops in most places. His campaign is leaning on the Republican National Committee to open state offices to help with early voting. Both Mr. Romney and the 2008 Republican nominee, Senator John McCain, had more aggressive operations at this point. Paul Manafort, Mr. Trump’s campaign chairman, said he did not think early voting would put Mr. Trump at a disadvantage, expressing confidence that the campaign’s ground operation would be well organized and executed and that Mr. Trump would ultimately attract enough undecided voters to win. Mr. Manafort said the presidential debates would be critical for Mr. Trump in the past, strong debate performances have led to a surge in early voting for the perceived winner, a boost that Mr. Romney enjoyed after he was widely seen as beating Mr. Obama in their first debate. “We are organizing for this,” Mr. Manafort said about early voting. “We have very experienced people involved. ” He declined to provide details. He spoke before the news broke early Wednesday that Mr. Trump was shaking up his campaign by adding two top staff members and effectively demoting Mr. Manafort, although he will keep his title. After Mr. Romney’s performance in that first 2012 debate, Republicans turned out in droves to vote or cast absentee ballots Mr. Obama recovered in the next debate, and his ground forces mobilized so strongly in some places that he was able to cut back on campaigning in some key states. He visited Des Moines on the eve of the election “for nostalgia, not need,” said David Plouffe, a longtime Obama adviser. “If you have an accurate model of how you are performing in early vote, you have an exact picture of where the race stands,” Mr. Plouffe said. In 2012, he added, the early vote trends in Iowa and Nevada meant “we could spend more time and money in Florida, most importantly. ” Mr. Obama ended up winning Iowa and Nevada by about six percentage points and carried Florida with a   margin, he said. But Mr. Obama and Mr. Romney also had campaign organizations capable of capitalizing on strong debate performances. “I don’t know if Trump has a great debate or gets a spike in support after it,” said Mr. Murphy, the Republican strategist, “but he certainly doesn’t have the machinery to take advantage of it by getting those people to the polls. ” Mr. Trump has pointed to the usually large numbers of people at his rallies, and their evident enthusiasm, as signs of strong support that will translate into energetic early voters. But during the Republican primaries, some Trump admirers at his rallies admitted they were not registered and had no plans to vote, and Trump advisers say that their voter registration efforts have been relatively modest. Mrs. Clinton, by contrast, urges people at her rallies to register to vote, pointing them to   volunteers who have forms to dispense and details about when, where and how to cast ballots. “Hillary’s getting into early voting details while Trump can’t get past making awful sound bites,” said Bill Carrick, a Democratic strategist and media consultant. “The idea that he can fix things and win over swing voters in the final week or two  —   that’s not how elections are won anymore. It’s wishful thinking. ”",0
3666,President Trump Slams NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell as ’A Stupid Guy’ - Breitbart,"President Donald Trump is not a fan of National Football League Commissioner Roger Goodell, according to a recent report. [The President entertained an opinion many people hold about the NFL chief, according to The New York Times. Trump’s quotes appear in yet another article attacking Tom Brady, coach Bill Belichick, and Patriots owner Robert Kraft for their support and friendship with the President.  The Times unearthed comments from 2015 where Trump called Goodell a “dope” and a “stupid guy,” especially for how he handled Ray Rice’s domestic violence charges and Tom Brady’s “Deflategate” incident. “The commissioner is a weak guy,” Trump reportedly said of Goodell. “When he made the Ray Rice deal, everybody said: You’re stupid. You’re weak. And it was such a weak deal. So now he’s going overboard with their star, Brady. ” Trump’s opinion of Goodell is not all that unusual and reflects that of many NFL fans. The NFL commissioner earned a low 19 percent favorable rating with a corresponding 40 percent unfavorable rating from fans. His job approval rating comes in at 28 percent, 19 points less than the mark Americans give President Barack Obama late last year. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
3667,"Gifts That Santa, the World Traveler, Would Love - The New York Times","Tere Thompson isn’t shopping for stylish sweaters or the latest gadgets this holiday season. Her daughter working in Los Angeles wants help paying for an airline ticket to Sweden. And her   daughter in Philadelphia wants to plan a National Parks tour with friends. “They want to explore,” Ms. Thompson said, “not just collect more stuff. ” It is known as the gift of experience  —   in demand by people of all ages, but particularly popular with young adults. And travel companies of all types and sizes are packaging their services for holiday  . The season’s promotions kicked off with Thanksgiving weekend online sales by major hotel chains and airlines. But any type of travel company is likely to be engaged in holiday marketing. The Waterfall Resort, a former salmon cannery in Ketchikan, Alaska, is using email and social media to offer its Gift Wrap a Fishing Trip holiday promotion. Immersion Journeys, a company that plans tours in India and Africa, notes on its website that food lovers might enjoy the gift of a South African bicycling and wine tour, while budding teenage photographers might prefer a safari. Outdoors enthusiasts who have traveled with the Backroads company will receive an email offering gift certificates for future biking, hiking or multisport trips. The National Retail Federation’s consumer holiday spending survey indicated last year that 37 percent of consumers would like to receive a gift of experience. Among   to    that number exceeded 50 percent. Terry Youngelson, a travel consultant with the Travelong agency in Summit, N. J. says her clients give the gift of travel because the recipient’s enjoyment lasts longer than when receiving a physical present. “There’s the anticipation leading up to the trip, the experience itself, and then the memories of it,” Ms. Youngelson said. Giving books and maps related to the destination can add to the excitement. Dr. Martin E. P. Seligman, the director of the Positive Psychology Center, at the University of Pennsylvania, has studied the happiness generated by physical items versus experiences. “Material objects are all like French vanilla ice cream,” he said. “The first taste is great, but by the seventh taste, it is cardboard. ” That is why the gift of travel is a better value, according to Dr. Seligman. A newly published study conducted jointly by the Booth School of Business at the University of Chicago and Cornell University, found that recipients felt more grateful when thinking back on experiential gifts they received like travel, than when they recalled things like clothing or electronics. Cost is a consideration, of course. Melodie Hilton, director of marketing and public relations at the Napa River Inn in Napa, Calif. said that as the economy had improved in the last few years, the inn had been selling more of the gift certificates promoted during the winter holidays. Currency exchange rates matter, too. VisitBritain, the national tourism board for Britain has been using the home page of its website to tell readers “why travel to Britain is the best holiday gift of all,” and to offer a link to a gift guide. Diana Gonzalez, a spokeswoman for the site, predicted that the favorable exchange rate for Americans and Canadians would spur purchases this holiday season. “A trip to Britain is 20 percent less expensive than it was a year ago,” Ms. Gonzalez said. IfOnly is a company specializing in unusual experiences like a $17, 500 trip for two to a San Francisco 49ers game that includes game tickets, hotel and transportation on the team plane. The company “is pulling out all the stops for this holiday season” to deliver the message that “experiences are richer than things” according to Trevor Traina, chief executive of IfOnly. Besides using ads online and offline, including bus banners, the company is joining American Express and Neiman Marcus in creating experiences their customers can purchase. IfOnly also just announced that Sotheby’s had become an investor, a first foray into the “experience economy” for the nearly    auction house better known for Monets and Munchs. The two companies collaborated on a recently concluded   online auction of 20 experiences including a trip into the Grand Canyon and an aerial photography lesson given in a helicopter flying over Los Angeles or New York. Mr. Traina said a popular and less expensive item on the IfOnly website was an $85 class on how to photograph food with an iPhone, which could be useful preparation for someone embarking a trip. The gift of family travel can benefit both giver and recipient. Romney Humphrey, a playwright in Seattle, and her husband are offering a trip to their four children and their families to accompany them to Hawaii. “It takes some of the pressure off of   logistics,” Ms. Humphrey said, and “ensures we all have quality time together. ” Some give the gift of travel to introduce new generations of family members to favorite destinations. For those who aren’t sure when or where the recipients might like to travel, sites like BnBFinder. com offer the purchase of gift certificates with no blackout or expiration dates, that allow the recipient to choose from 1, 500    in North America. Of course, the gift of travel doesn’t have to be as extravagant as a photo safari or multigenerational vacation. Local experiences are also an option. The Best of Brooklyn   food and culture tour  —   which takes guests through Brooklyn neighborhoods, explaining each area’s history and stopping to sample ethnic foods  —   is offering gift certificates at 10 percent off. People near the central mountains of Nevada can give the gift of a Nevada Northern Railway’s   history experience that allows guests to operate a locomotive’s steam engine or ride with the engineer. Such gifts are relatively affordable. For example, the yearlong pass to the National Parks and Federal Recreation areas that Ms. Thompson may buy for her daughter can be had for $80. As for Ms. Thompson herself, she says that as a free bird (the new and more upbeat term for empty nester) she values time with her family more than any physical gift. “Give me a bike ride, ballet tickets or a road trip. ”",0
3668,PolitiFact Pulls 2014 ’Mostly True’ Rating of John Kerry’s Claim of Eliminating Syrian Chemical Weapons - Breitbart,"PolitiFact has pulled a 2014   on remarks about Syria by former Secretary of State John Kerry after the claim the Obama administration “got ‘100 percent’ of chemical weapons out of Syria” turned out to be false. [In a post about the recent chemical weapons attack in Syria, PolitiFact admitted, “The outcry leads us to revisit a 2014 claim from former Secretary of State John Kerry. ”  “Kerry said in a television interview that in Syria, ‘we got 100 percent of the chemical weapons out.’ Syria had agreed in 2013 to an ambitious program to destroy its chemical stockpiles under international supervision, as part of a deal brokered by Russia,” they explained. “When Kerry spoke in July 2014, the process seemed far along. Based on reports from the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons  —   which later won the Nobel Peace Prize for its efforts  —   we rated that claim Mostly True. There were caveats about incomplete information, but at the time, international experts said the claim largely held up. ” “Given recent events, we have pulled that   (you can read an archived version here) because we now have many unanswered questions,” the   site declared. “We don’t know key details about the reported chemical attack in Syria on April 4, 2017, but it raises two clear possibilities: Either Syria never fully complied with its 2013 promise to reveal all of its chemical weapons or it did, but then converted otherwise   chemicals to military uses. One way or another, subsequent events have proved Kerry wrong. ” PolitiFact is often heralded as a reliable and neutral   source by the mainstream media and political establishment, despite numerous revelations over the past few years that the site is largely biased towards the  . Last year, it was reported that Politifact, which is partially funded by a large Clinton Foundation Donor, had made 13 errors in a   on the Clinton exposé book, Clinton Cash. In a 2013 report, The Weekly Standard claimed that Politifact “has it out for Republicans” after they overwhelmingly focused more on   arguments made by conservatives than Democrats, even spinning jokes made by Republicans into facts. During the 2016 presidential election, Politifact also rated just 15% of Trump’s campaign claims as “true” against a 51% rating for Clinton and spun stories to benefit Clinton and criticize Donald Trump. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
3669,"E-pasaportes: consultora estrella justificó de todo en Cancillería III, por Herbert Mujica Rojas","Señal de Alerta
E-pasaportes: consultora estrella justificó de todo en Cancillería III por Herbert Mujica Rojas Socios | 31 de octubre de 2016 E-pasaportes: consultora estrella justificó de todo en Cancillería III Las actividades de Carina Estrada Villegas merecieron, semanas atrás, un email muy cuestionador y enviado a Indecopi y que transcribimos literalmente:
“---- Mensaje original ----
Asunto: ALERTA Firma Digital Perú INDECOPI
Enviado: 26/9/2016 14:21
De: firma digital
Para: [email protected] , [email protected] , [email protected]
Cc:
COMUNICADO INDECOPI
Sr. Ivo Gagliuffi Piercechi
Presidente del Consejo Directivo del Instituto Nacional de Defensa de la Competencia y de la Protección de la Propiedad Intelectual (Indecopi)
Es grato dirigirme a su institución que viene a ser la autoridad administrativa competente a cargo de la Infraestructura Oficial de Firma Electrónica (IOFE) de conformidad con el Reglamento de la Ley de Firmas y Certificados Digitales, siendo que dicho rol es ejercido por la Comisión Transitoria para la Gestión de la IOFE.
Al respecto debemos precisar que la mencionada comisión tiene asignado un equipo de profesionales que cumplen el rol de auditores, quienes tienen como objetivo principal validar y verificar las soluciones y/o procedimientos solicitados por las empresas privadas y estatales para proceder a la acreditación y estar en la lista de servicios de confianza (TSL).
En esa circunstancia, los auditores juegan un papel fundamental para el logro de las acreditaciones, es por ello que se debe exigir que dichos profesionales (por una mínima cuestión de ética y de imagen institucional) tengan una actitud imparcial, independientemente de las empresas que soliciten acreditarse.
En base a lo expuesto, estimamos indispensable informar a su digna institución que la Ing. Carina Estrada Villegas con CIP 137894, validándose inescrupulosamente de su posición de auditora oficial del INDECOPI viene realizando diversos tipos de lobbies empresariales, toda vez que trabaja como consultora en entidades públicas para la elaboración de TDRs y al mismo tiempo viene ofreciendo a las empresas privadas la acreditación del INDECOPI y por ende el direccionamiento de los TDR. Para con ello asegurar el éxito de las licitaciones públicas con las empresas privadas que decidan contratarla, siendo que las contrataciones con las empresas privadas o estatales las hace por medio de su empresa INNOVATE DC con RUC 20557140965 o a través de terceros que manejan su negocio de manera irregular y por decirlo menos poco ético.
Ahora bien, las empresas públicas donde tiene participación activa dicha actividad irregular de la mencionada ingeniera son entidades que solicitan soluciones con valor legal acreditadas por el INDECOPI, siendo que tiene una lista grande de empresas privadas, requiriéndoles una comisión por éxito por hacerlas ganar las licitaciones. La empresa que la contrata es la que ofrece mejor comisión para cada oportunidad específica, configurándose un acto corruptivo y de vulneración a la libre competencia que paradójicamente el INDECOPI cautela que no suceda. Las negociaciones antes mencionadas se logran por que la ING. Estrada maneja contactos en el sector público para armar los TDRs y en el INDECOPI para poder acreditar a la empresa interesada.
En base a todo lo anteriormente expuesto, solicitamos a su digna institución, quien es el encargado de promocionar la leal y honesta competencia entre las empresas nacionales y extranjeras, que realice las acciones pertinentes para evitar e investigar este tipo de competencia desleal, poco ético y sin ningún profesionalismo, siendo que la citada ingeniera debe ser retirada como auditora del INDECOPI, para evitar estos actos irregulares y las empresas puedan tener igualdad de trato y puedan acceder de manera equilibrada y justa a los contratos con el Estado.
Finalmente, señalamos y de no tomar acciones su institución, nos reservamos el derecho de poner en conocimiento de la contraloría y la opinión pública estos hechos, a través de los medios de comunicación masiva, para que se investigue estos actos corruptivos en salvaguarda de una libre competencia entre las empresas y de esta manera se cautele el dinero de todos los peruanos, ya que una contratación pública debe buscar una oferta optima en el mercado sin direccionamientos que ocasionen un perjuicio a las Entidades públicas.”
Como se recuerda, la buena pro otorgada al consorcio Imprimerie Nationale-Gemalto en Cancillería y para el pasaporte electrónico en diciembre del 2015, contó con la participación asesora, consultora y técnica de Carina Estrada Villegas. El email es de setiembre del 2016.
Más aún, como hemos contado en entregas precedentes, Estrada representó al MRE Ministerio de Relaciones Exteriores del Perú en Francia en el presente año -aunque en esa ocasión pagada por el MRE y el Estado- sin ser funcionaria.
En junio del 2014 asumió la representación del Perú, en esta ocasión de Indecopi, ante el Ayuntamiento de Torrent, quedando aún por dilucidar qué entidad corrió con dichos “gastos de representación”, tal como puede leerse en https://torrentaldia.com/el-gobiern... y en un segundo artículo: http://elmeridiano.es/wp-content/up... del informativo español El meridiano, entre otros.
Volveremos con más datos en próxima entrega.
Herbert Mujica Rojas Fuente
Senal de Alerta (Peru)",0
3670,Congressman Ted Lieu: US troops could be prosecuted for Yemen war crimes: Lawmaker,"Congressman Ted Lieu: US troops could be prosecuted for Yemen war crimes: Lawmaker By Press TV on November 4, 2016 
An American soldier talks with Saudi troops. (File photo by the US Army) 
A US congressman has warned that American troops could be prosecuted for providing military support to the Saudi war on Yemen. 
Ted Lieu made the warning in a letter to US Secretary of State John Kerry and Defense Secretary Ashton Carter, saying the US government’s denial of target selection for Saudi airstrikes in Yemen does not excuse Washington from legal responsibilities. 
“I find it deeply troubling that the US apparently has no advanced knowledge of what targets will be struck by jets that are refueled by US personnel with US tankers,” Lieu said in his letter. 
“The US would appear to be violating LOAC [laws of armed conflict] and international standards by engaging in such direct military operations if US personnel are not aware if targets are civilian or military, if the loss of life and property are disproportional, or if the operation is even militarily necessary,” he noted. A Yemeni boy walks past a mural depicting a US drone and reading: “Why did you kill my family.” (Photo by AFP) 
Pointing to the 18-month involvement of US in Saudi war on the Yemeni people, the Democratic congressman stressed that Washington had knowledge of a bombardment campaign hitting civilian targets, including schools and hospitals, multiple times. 
“US personnel are now at legal risk of being investigated and potentially prosecuted for committing war crimes. Under international law, a person can be found guilty of aiding and abetting war crimes. Under US law, a person can be found guilty for conspiring to commit war crimes,” Lieu wrote. 
The Pentagon has been providing logistic and surveillance support to Saudi Arabia in its military aggression against Yemen, the kingdom’s impoverished southern neighbor, which has killed more than 10,000 Yemenis since its onset in March 2015. 
The unprovoked war started by a coalition of Saudi-allies in an attempt to undermine the Houthi Ansarullah movement and reinstate former Yemeni President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, a staunch ally of the Riyadh regime. 
Washington has on several occasions criticized the Saudi regime for its crimes against humanity in Yemen, but has shown no sign of ending its support for Riyadh. US Representative Ted Lieu of California addresses delegates on the fourth and final day of the Democratic National Convention at Wells Fargo Center on July 28, 2016 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. (Photo by AFP) 
In August, the US State Department approved the sale of more than 130 Abrams tanks, 20 armored recovery vehicles and other equipment worth about $1.15 billion to Saudi Arabia. 
Saudi-led bombardments have struck hospitals, markets and other places where civilians gather. 
In September, Amnesty International reported that a US manufactured bomb had been used in a Saudi strike against a Doctors Without Borders hospital in Yemen’s northwestern province of Hajjah which claimed the lives of 19 people. 
In October, more than 140 people lost their lives and over 525 others sustained injuries after Saudi military aircraft struck a hall in the Yemeni capital of Sana’a, where rows of people were attending a funeral. Yemeni rescue workers pull out a victim from amid the rubble following a Saudi airstrike against a packed funeral site in the capital, Sana’a, on October 8, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
UN Humanitarian Coordinator for Yemen Jamie McGoldrick said last month that the death toll from the Saudi military aggression could rise even further as some areas had no medical facilities, and that people were often buried without any official record being made. Related Posts: No Related Posts The   Press TV   13 Reads Filed under Politics  ",0
3671,4 Flawless Zen Lessons on Gratitude,"4 Flawless Zen Lessons on Gratitude Nov 4, 2016 4 0 
In Zen Buddhism, even an empty rice bowl is something to be grateful for. Spontaneous gratitude is easy to come by, after all. Who wouldn’t feel happy upon receiving a bonus at work, being rescued from a mountain cliff, or clean water to drink in a desert? The trick is cultivating gratitude for the things we take for granted, and even the people and circumstances that normally make us hopping mad. The Blind Turtle: Gratitude for a Human Birth 
Kindness is rare in the world, but one who expresses gratitude for kindness is even more exceptional. This is the sentiment expressed by the Buddha in the Anguttara Nikaya (AN 2:118). Gratitude is so important on the path to realization that the Buddha compares it to a blind turtle living on the bottom of the sea that surfaces only once every hundred years to take a breath. When he rises to the ocean’s thrashing waves, he places his thin neck through a yoke floating on a vast sea. This is the likelihood that we would enjoy a human life, affording us freedom and fortune, and the opportunity to unshackle ourselves from the illusion of duality. 
This story sets a precedence for all other forms of gratitude. Our human life is so precious that the Buddha would often take a monk into the forest, tell him to sit at the base of a tree, and begin “gladdening of the heart,” simply to reflect on how fortunate he was that an innumerable number of circumstances had to occur in order for him to be alive with the added boon of being able to seek the dharma. 
The Buddha would also teach that it was incorrect to bemoan any of life’s unsavory circumstances, since just being alive “is enough.” He said that, “when we realize how perfect everything is, we will tilt back our heads and laugh at the sky.” Gratitude for the 10,000 Sorrows 
Being grateful doesn’t mean we ignore the very painful realities of this world: war, hunger, poverty, inhumanity, among them. The understanding we gain from practicing gratitude frees us from being lost or identified with either the negative or the positive aspects of life, letting us simply meet life in each moment as it rises. We divorce ourselves from a belief in dualism – the delusional or erroneous view of reality, not to be confused with “duality,” an intrinsic aspect of reality . 
Jack Kornfield, a Buddhist teacher and author of A Path With Heart, s peaking on the subject of spirituality and gratitude once stated , 
“If we see the world as sacred, which is an expression of the spiritual life, then gratitude follows immediately and naturally. We’ve been given the extraordinary privilege of incarnating as human beings — and of course the human incarnation entails the 10,000 joys and 10,000 sorrows, as it says in the Tao Te Ching — but with it we have the privilege of the lavender color at sunset, the taste of a tangerine in our mouth, and the almost unbearable beauty of life around us, along with its troubles. It keeps recreating itself. We can either be lost in a smaller state of consciousness — what in Buddhist psychology is called the “body of fear,” which brings suffering to us and to others — or we can bring the quality of love and appreciation, which I would call gratitude, to life. With it comes a kind of trust. The poet Pablo Neruda writes, “You can pick all the flowers, but you can’t stop the spring.” Life keeps recreating itself and presenting us with miracles every day.” Gratitude for Those Who Came Before Us 
Bernard of Chartres once said that we were all standing on the shoulders of giants. In the Zen tradition, this could not be more true. Taigen (Zen Master) Dan Leighton wrote in an article titled “ Meditation and American Shin Buddhism ,” 
“It is certainly true that Japanese Soto Zen founder Eihei Dogen (1200-1253) encouraged his students to apply themselves diligently to zazen, the sitting meditation that he espoused as a primary practice throughout his career. . . Dogen was not seeking for an “easy practice” as a response to concerns about mappo, in the spirit of his fellow Kamakura period innovators. But none of this means that Dogen was advocating a self-power practice with which its practitioners could accomplish great realization through their own efforts. On the contrary, many aspects of Dogen’s meditation teaching assume the practitioner’s devoted acceptance of and support from “other” sources. 
This is not to claim that Dogen was relying solely on some other-power with the same humble and insistent devotion as his contemporary Shinran. . . “Other power” here does not refer to reliance on any single other source such as the vow of Amitabha, but Dogen did see the necessity for awakened realization of receiving support and strength from a variety of external “other” sources, and the importance of sincere devotional gratitude to these benefactors.” 
What Leighton articulates is our dependence on others’ achievements to enjoy the lives we currently live. While this can certainly describe our spiritual practice – who among us hasn’t had an a-ha experience from speaking with a more enlightened master – but it can also be applied to a myriad other things in our lives. We drive on roads that someone else built. We eat food that someone else grew. We use technology that someone else dreamed up. Even the rivers, lakes and oceans that we have the privilege of gazing upon were built by eons of hard work by Mother Earth. Going back to the first point on gratitude, even our birth is possible because our parents and their parents’ parents decided to love one another, even if only long enough to make us come to be. Gratitude for Our Parents 
Some of us would quite naturally feel gratitude for our parents. A few lucky people among us were given two loving, balanced, psychologically stable adults who were charged with raising us from the first moments we took breath on this planet. Others among us might feel it difficult to feel gratitude for our parents (insert any other family member or close friend here) due to the seeming unfortunate way we were treated as we grew up. The Buddha once said, 
“I tell you, monks, there are two people who are not easy to repay. Which two? Your mother & father. Even if you were to carry your mother on one shoulder & your father on the other shoulder for 100 years, and were to look after them by anointing, massaging, bathing, & rubbing their limbs, and they were to defecate & urinate right there [on your shoulders], you would not in that way pay or repay your parents. If you were to establish your mother & father in absolute sovereignty over this great earth, abounding in the seven treasures, you would not in that way pay or repay your parents. Why is that? Mother & father do much for their children. They care for them, they nourish them, they introduce them to this world. 
“But anyone who rouses his unbelieving mother & father, settles & establishes them in conviction; rouses his unvirtuous mother & father, settles & establishes them in virtue; rouses his stingy mother & father, settles & establishes them in generosity; rouses his foolish mother & father, settles & establishes them in discernment: To this extent one pays & repays one’s mother & father.” — Anguttara Nikaya (AN 2:32) 
If your parents weren’t so fabulous, or even abusive, you can be grateful that they taught you how not to overcome by adversity. Is there a greater gift?",0
3672,A Measure of Fascism in America,"By wmw_admin on October 27, 2016 by Marcus Aurealeus, Facebook Note — OffGuardian.org Oct 27, 2016 
T he word “fascism” is generally used today as a pejorative to attack any idea that a speaker happens to dislike. But this word has a specific meaning and a specific historical context. It refers to an authoritarian, nationalistic system of government and social organization that is usually considered to be far right-wing. Historically, it was most popular in the 1930s, when the regimes of Hitler, Mussolini, and Franco were in their primes. Later examples include Indonesia under Suharto, Bolivia under Banzer, and Chile under Pinochet. In practice, fascism combines the ideas of collectivism, mercantilism, nationalism, (statist) syndicalism, and uniculturalism into a system where business leaders and political rulers work together to create public policies that benefit themselves at the expense of everyone else. 
To what extent is the United States of America in 2015 a fascist nation? In order to determine this, a means of measurement is needed. Lawrence Britt has studied fascist regimes and found that there are 14 characteristics which all of them have in common to some degree. Matthew Reece goes further and examines these characteristics and assigns each of them a value on a ten-point scale, with zero being completely absent and 10 being omnipresent. Let us also see how many are trending upward, trending downward, and holding steady. The final score on a 140-point scale will give a useful measure of the degree of fascism in America. Powerful and Continuing Nationalism – Fascists tend to make constant use of patriotic mottoes, slogans, symbols, songs, and other paraphernalia. Flags are seen everywhere, as are flag symbols on clothing and in public displays. 
In America, patriotic mottoes, slogans, symbols, songs, and flags have been part of the culture since the founding of the nation, with the frequency of their use varying from time to time. This reached a fever pitch immediately following the September 11 attacks, and while it has backed off since then, the sense of nationalism in America remains strong, perhaps the strongest of all nations in which the state does not directly force people into such observances. 
Score: 8/10, Trend: Steady Disdain for the Recognition of Human Rights – Because of fear of enemies and the need for security, fascists are persuaded that human rights can be ignored in certain cases because of “need.” The people tend to look the other way or even approve of torture, summary executions, assassinations, long incarcerations of prisoners, etc. 
After 9/11, the Bush regime and their lapdogs in the right-wing media were largely successful in convincing people that torture and indefinite detention of those who were not convicted of crimes was justifiable for national security reasons. The Obama regime has taken some positive steps on these matters, but has murdered far more people with drone strikes than his predecessor. The left-wing media has largely given Obama a pass on this. At home, the War on Drugs has placed many innocent people into prison for decades. While the American people are becoming more opposed to such abuses of power, little real change has occurred. 
Score: 8/10, Trend: Slightly Up Identification of Enemies/Scapegoats as a Unifying Cause – The people are rallied into a unifying patriotic frenzy over the need to eliminate a perceived common threat or foe: racial, ethnic or religious minorities; liberals; communists; socialists, terrorists, etc. 
America has a dark history of this. Over the centuries, Native Americans, Blacks, Mexicans, Irish, Eastern Europeans, Germans, Jews, Japanese, communists, and Muslims have all been perceived as common threats or foes to be contained or eliminated. More than once, the state has been able to engage in wars due to yellow journalism or false flag operations successfully creating a new enemy du jour. With the War on Terrorism, the state has found its holy grail: a war which can be made indefinite against an omnipresent foe which it can never seem to vanquish, not that it would want to. 
Score: 10/10, Trend: Steady Supremacy of the Military – Even when there are widespread domestic problems, the military is given a disproportionate amount of government funding, and the domestic agenda is neglected. Soldiers and military service are glamorized. 
The United States has the largest military budget in the world, and spends more money on its military than the next seven nations combined. Despite a stagnant economy and decaying infrastructure, 20 percent of the federal budget is devoted to the military. This is equal to the combined budgets of Medicare and Medicaid, and is nearly as much as the budget for Social Security. To be critical of the military as an institution is considered to be nearly as bad as aiding the enemy by the lapdog media, as is criticizing the glamorization of soldiers and military service. Though a minority is becoming skeptical of this situation, no changes appear to be coming in the near future. 
Score: 10/10, Trend: Steady Rampant Sexism – The governments of fascist nations tend to be almost exclusively male-dominated. Under fascist regimes, traditional gender roles are made more rigid. Divorce, abortion and homosexuality are suppressed and the state is represented as the ultimate guardian of the family institution. 
The United States is one of the least sexist countries in the world. While the number of males in positions of political power outnumber females by about four to one, the United States ranks 94th out of 190 countries in this regard as of June 1, 2015. Over the last few decades, traditional gender roles have become less rigid. Divorce has become easier to obtain, with fault requirements being mostly removed as of 2015. Abortions were made legal nationwide in 1973, and same-sex marriage was made legal nationwide in 2015. A general hostility has developed toward government intervention into the family institution. 
Score: 3/10, Trend: Down Controlled Mass Media – Sometimes the media is directly controlled by the government, but in other cases, the media is indirectly controlled by government regulation, or sympathetic media spokespeople and executives. Censorship, especially in wartime, is very common. 
While the press in America is not directly controlled by the government, it is indirectly controlled. Government regulation and pro-state media personalities perpetuate a lapdog establishment that echoes government propaganda and eschews authentic investigative journalism. Those who would challenge this status quo by asking uncomfortable questions frequently find themselves victimized by slave-on-slave violence as the privileged establishment seeks to preserve its access to the halls of power and its usefulness in informing the public of government activities. Censorship is common with regard to certain words and topics which are not used or discussed on mainstream programming, especially during wartime, although this is mostly done without direct government involvement. Before and during the 2003 invasion of Iraq, the establishment media consistently towed the government line and censored certain images, such as war deaths. As a result, alternative and independent media sources are growing in popularity and trust in the establishment media is at an all-time low, but they have yet to displace the establishment media. 
Score: 8/10, Trend: Slightly Down Obsession with National Security – Fear is used as a motivational tool by the government over the masses. 
At least since the First Red Scare following the Russian Revolution and continuing through World War II, the Cold War, and the War on Terrorism, the government has used fear of external enemies as a justification for its activities. National security is considered by many right-wing (and some left-wing) politicians to be the most important role of the state. Though many people believe this has gone too far in the wake of the Snowden leaks, little meaningful change has occurred. 
Score: 8/10, Trend: Steady Religion and Government are Intertwined – Governments in fascist nations tend to use the most common religion in the nation as a tool to manipulate public opinion. Religious rhetoric and terminology is common from government leaders, even when the major tenets of the religion are diametrically opposed to the government’s policies or actions. 
There is a tradition of separation of church and state in America, but this is only true in the sense that there is no official state religion. Atheists, agnostics, and religious skeptics are few and far between in public office. Appeals to the tenets of Christianity, the most common religion in America, are frequently used by politicians to advance their agendas, even when those tenets are diametrically opposed to such agendas. Christian theories of just war play a significant role in American conservatism, and Christian ideas about helping the poor are used by American liberals to argue for government welfare programs. Religiosity among the American people is declining, but these conditions will likely remain stable for another generation or so. 
Score: 7/10, Trend: Down Corporate Power is Protected – The industrial and business aristocracy of a fascist nation often are the ones who put the government leaders into power, creating a mutually beneficial business/government relationship and power elite. 
Since soon after the Constitution was ratified, business interests have played a financial role in determining which candidates for office are successful in elections. With the Citizens United decision, this has become more open and somewhat more blatant. Of course, those who invest in political campaigns expect a return on that investment, and research shows that they get it in spades. A political aristocracy has been present throughout much of American history, with many candidates for office being related to prior office holders. The 2016 presidential election is shaping up to be more of the same. 
Score: 9/10, Trend: Up Labor Power is Suppressed – Because the organizing power of labor is the only real threat to a fascist government, labor unions are either eliminated entirely, or are severely suppressed. 
While labor unions have not been eliminated entirely in America, they have been declining in the private sector for quite some time. In 2014, only 6.6 percent of private sector workers were union members, the lowest level since 1932. However, government sector unions are much stronger, with 35.7 percent of government workers belonging to a union in 2014. While national syndicalism is a major part of fascist theory, it has only had minor influence in America in the form of the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) labor union. 
Score: 6/10, Trend: Slightly Up Disdain for Intellectuals and the Arts – Fascist nations tend to promote and tolerate open hostility to higher education, and academia. It is not uncommon for professors and other academics to be censored or even arrested. Free expression in the arts and letters is openly attacked. 
In America, the government is quite dependent on the intellectual classes to propagandize the people, and is therefore rather accommodating to them, to the point of creating a bubble in higher education that has benefited the intellectual classes at the expense of everyone else during the postwar period. That being said, it is becoming more common for professors and other academics to be attacked for their views. The rise in influence of social justice warriors is causing disdain for free expression to trend upward. 
Score: 4/10, Trend: Slightly Up Obsession with Crime and Punishment – Under fascist regimes, the police are given almost limitless power to enforce laws. The people are often willing to overlook police abuses and even forgo civil liberties in the name of patriotism. There is often a national police force with virtually unlimited power in fascist nations. 
While many police accountability activists in America say that “badges don’t grant extra rights,” the fact is that in practice, they do. Police routinely engage in activities that would land an ordinary citizen in prison, and when they are investigated, it is either by an internal review process or a grand jury examination, each of which tend to be highly sympathetic to the police due to conflicts of interest. While there is no national police force with virtually unlimited power, the DEA, FBI, and Secret Service are quite powerful and are getting stronger. After 9/11, many people were willing to overlook police abuses, but this is changing. However, many efforts toward police accountability are being blunted by distractions, such as a focus on racism. 
Score: 8/10, Trend: Slightly Up Rampant Cronyism and Corruption – Fascist regimes almost always are governed by groups of friends and associates who appoint each other to government positions and use governmental power and authority to protect their friends from accountability. It is not uncommon in fascist regimes for national resources and even treasures to be appropriated or even outright stolen by government leaders. 
There is a revolving door in Washington, D.C. between being a member of Congress or federal employee and being a lobbyist for special interest groups. These special interest groups bribe politicians and regulators on behalf of wealthy business interests to write laws and regulations that favor their interests at the expense of competing businesses and individual citizens. Many of these laws and regulations work to shield business owners from civil and criminal liability. While it is uncommon for American rulers to steal national treasures, there is a tendency for the government to appropriate natural resources and sell access to them. This shows no signs of improving anytime soon. 
Score: 7/10, Trend: Up Fraudulent Elections – Sometimes elections in fascist nations are a complete sham. Other times elections are manipulated by smear campaigns against or even assassination of opposition candidates, use of legislation to control voting numbers or political district boundaries, and manipulation of the media. Fascist nations also typically use their judiciaries to manipulate or control elections. 
While there is no proof that American elections are a complete sham, there are clear cases of manipulation. While smear campaigns tend to be waged by each major political party against the other, assassination of opposition candidates is almost never seriously considered, let alone attempted. That being said, the two major parties have rigged election laws to keep third parties from having any reasonable chance of winning. Over the past few decades, gerrymandering of political district boundaries has been used to create districts which are either reliably Democratic or reliably Republican, with the result being that the fringe elements of each party are able to put people into office. The judiciary was arguably used to manipulate the 2000 presidential election, and courts usually act to control elections by siding against claims of unfairness by minor political parties. With the introduction of top-two primaries in recent years, third party and independent candidates are being excluded further. 
Score: 7/10, Trend: Slightly Up 
Overall, America gets a score of 103 out of 140, meaning that America is 73.6 percent of the way toward fascism and away from liberty. While the trends on the various characteristics of fascism are moving in different directions, the overall trend is slightly upward, meaning that the score could advance at a rate of one or two points per year. 
Now, wake up and examine which country is actually harming you and the rest of us. It’s time to put aside old grudges that date back to the Soviet days, in the same way you forgot the harm done to you in the past, by your now good neighbor, Germany.",0
3673,"Trump Doing More to Help Los Angeles’ Olympic Bid Than Obama, According to Head of LA Host Committee - Breitbart","The head of the group attempting to bring the 2024 Olympics to Los Angeles says he has a much better supporter in Donald Trump than he had in Barack Obama. [Gene Sykes, head of LA2024, spoke on Thursday at the Montgomery Conference in Santa Monica, during which he painted a picture of President Trump’s involvement in the Olympic bidding process that greatly contrasts with the picture presented by the media and other sports elites.  “The Donald Trump effect, for us, is a   sword,” Sykes said, according to KPCC. Sykes then went on to explain how, despite President Trump’s strong stances on immigration and other issues which have bothered some international Olympic officials, Donald Trump has been most valuable in gaining support for the Los Angeles bid. Sykes then pointed out how Trump’s efforts differ from those of his predecessor. After remarking about how Obama’s interest in the Olympics waned after an attempt to win the games for Chicago in 2016 failed, Sykes said of Obama, “He never went to an Olympic games, never met with the IOC [International Olympic Committee] leadership, never talked to them by phone, and showed sort of a disregard and that was deeply frustrating to the leaders of the IOC. ” Sykes then spoke about a situation that involved some Iranian archers who found themselves turned back at the airport in Las Vegas during President Trump’s first immigration ban. Specifically, Sykes mentioned how the President Trump intervened, “As soon as they learned they had created a problem for us they said ‘We’ll help you. We’ll solve the problem.’ ” They’ve set up a team in the White House to help us. ” Though Sykes made no mistake about the obstacles ahead with some Olympic Committee members who have serious issues with Trump, Sykes said, “The President presents an image which is a challenging image for some of these voters. They don’t like the   stance. They don’t like the presumed   rhetoric. All that is alarming to them. We’ve heard it. We continue to hear it. It’s an issue. ” Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn",0
3674,Washington Post Cries Uncle: Stop Using ’Tainted’ Term ’Fake News’ - Breitbart,"Writing at the Washington Post, Margaret Sullivan bemoans the fact that conservatives have flipped the meaning of “fake news” from a term used by the mainstream media to attack stories that are troublesome for progressives to a label to call out the media’s false narratives:  But though the term hasn’t been around long, its meaning already is lost. Faster than you could say “Pizzagate,” the label has been   to mean any number of completely different things: Liberal claptrap. Or opinion from   . Or simply anything in the realm of news that the observer doesn’t like to hear. “The speed with which the term became polarized and in fact a rhetorical weapon illustrates how efficient the conservative media machine has become,” said George Washington University professor Nikki Usher. As Jeremy Peters wrote in the New York Times: “Conservative cable and radio personalities, top Republicans and even Mr. Trump himself . . . have appropriated the term and turned it against any news they see as hostile to their agenda. ” Read the rest of the story at the Washington Post.",0
3675,"2 TV Shows, 4 Books and 7 Viral Videos for Your Long Weekend - The New York Times","Summer’s almost over. Here’s a cultural diet for the last lazy hours. Ask a comedian: Happiness isn’t funny, romantic happiness least of all. “Take My Wife,” which debuted in August on the relatively new Seeso comedy streaming service, breaks that rule delightfully. Rhea Butcher and Cameron Esposito, comedians and   spouses, play versions of themselves at an early stage in their careers. Ms. Esposito is the established comic, building her profile one podcast and hosting gig at a time. Ms. Butcher is the neophyte, telecommuting as a graphic designer by day, working on her act by night. It’s not supposed to work  —   two ambitious women sharing a life while trying to get ahead in a competitive field (one that’s even tougher for lesbians). And the series is sharp, without preachiness, on the casual sexism of the comedy business. But mainly, “Take My Wife” is in the mold of recent comedies  —   like “Difficult People,” “You’re the Worst” and “Catastrophe”  —   that present two main characters as   allies against the world. The stars share an upbeat appeal, and the vibe is cheerfully  . At a   episodes, it’s a fizzy, summer   you could easily down over a Labor Day weekend. JAMES PONIEWOZIK The rising tide of   television doesn’t lift all boats. Participant Media recently announced it would shut down its    cable channel, Pivot, one of the multitude of outlets scrambling to build a reputation for original programming. Pivot made quirky, interesting choices: the unsettling Arctic murder mystery “Fortitude” the Australian   comedy “Please Like Me” and “Human Resources,” an “Office”  documentary series about an actual New Jersey recycling company. This summer, Pivot showed, to very little notice, “Capital,” a BBC   set on a fictional South London street where the price of the unexceptional houses was shooting past £2 million (about $2. 7 million). It has an element of mystery  —   someone is sending the residents postcards with the ominous message “We Want What You Have”  —   but it’s primarily a slyly comic    drama, exploring what home means for the lifelong inhabitant and the newly arrived immigrant. The sentimentality never gets overpowering, thanks to a cast that includes Toby Jones as an overextended banker and Shabana Azmi as an overbearing Pakistani matriarch. Running a brisk three hours without commercials, the show is available for streaming at Amazon, iTunes and Vudu. MIKE HALE This summer, when not working, I mostly read cookbooks (all hail J. Kenji  ) and the backs of cereal boxes. I did consume two   books, or rather they consumed me. These are the books I’ve been   to my friends for the past month. The first is “Anne Sexton: A   in Letters” (1977) which follows this doomed poet’s career from young motherhood to literary success to mental illness in letters that are harried,   and profound. In one letter alone, to the poet W. D. Snodgrass in 1959, she refers to the local mental institution as her “summer hotel” and comments, after the death of her last surviving parent, “Some misty god has shoved me up the ladder and I am my own inheritor. ” This book is packed with poignant observation. About literary awards, she says: “Prizes are for parents so they’ll know. ” This is gripping reading, and among the best book of a poet’s letters that I’m aware of. The second is Charles Wright’s first novel, “The Messenger,” published in 1963. It didn’t sell well, but was received in many corners for what it is: among the decade’s most pulverizing novels about race and class and loneliness. “The Messenger” is about a young   black intellectual, a   veteran of the Korean War, who comes to live on West 49th Street in New York. To survive, he delivers packages he’s also a hustler who sleeps with anyone (mostly gay men) who can afford him. This novel reads like a Gil   album coaxed to life. Its narrator is too often forced to put on his “  smile. ” Slighted by a snob while he is reading a Lawrence Durrell novel, he thinks: “Doesn’t he think poor people read?” I devoured this quicksilver book in one gulp. “The pace, the variety, the anonymity, the sense of walking on glittering glass eggs, walking in a city like a   prostitute with her legs cocked open,” Mr. Wright’s narrator declares. “A challenging, wondrous city, fit for a   country boy. But do I really belong here?” Mr. Wright’s novels deserve republication and new readers. DWIGHT GARNER As the end of summer approaches, my instincts are     toward the future,   on the past. The nostalgist in me wants nothing more than to   the wonder of Simone Biles tearing down the runway on   feet, and if you too miss her mad, splendid aeronautics, I can think of nothing finer to recommend than Megan Abbott’s “You Will Know Me. ” The book combines gymnastics with murder, and each element is handled beautifully. If you’ve never read the lithe, unnerving work of Ms. Abbott, here’s your chance. Let the games begin. The   part of me is focused on the presidential election, which at least has united the country in one respect: No matter who we’re voting for, we’re doing so in a state of utter moral panic. For a sensitive, decidedly   explanation of this year’s politics of disruption, I’d suggest “Hillbilly Elegy” by J. D. Vance, whose memoir of a turbulent childhood in Middletown, Ohio, doubles as a work of sociology illuminating the despair of the white underclass. It’s invaluable reading this election year. One final note: All summer long, Emelyn Rude’s “Tastes Like Chicken: A History of America’s Favorite Bird” has sat alluringly on my desk. Though I haven’t yet had a chance to settle into it, a quick scan suggests it’s a lively one. Ms. Rude had me at the opening paragraph, when a serious scholar from her student days casually told her: “A chicken is an incredible piece of technology. ” And a delicious one at that. Did you know this country consumes more than 8. 6 billion chickens in the course of a year? Bonus feature: The book contains   recipes throughout the ages, including one for chicken soup circa 1390. A salve for the soul, even then. JENNIFER SENIOR This summer, one name loomed over internet culture. Harambe, the gorilla gunned down on Memorial Day weekend after a boy fell into his enclosure at the Cincinnati Zoo, has lived on as a meme riffing off the absurdity of online outrage, a fringe presidential campaign issue and even a grotesque racist symbol of the  . He has also disrupted a core genre of viral animal content: inspirational interspecies friendship videos. Harambe’s fatal encounter, caught on tape, has raised the specter of animal cruelty over images of   alliances that were previously widely consumed as inoffensive delights. (Commenters want to know: Is this dancing Brazilian dog actually suffering from a debilitating disease that’s being exploited by its owner for clicks?) But if you’re looking to restore your faith in interspecies encounters, a handful of videos that offer content too touching to politicize have gone viral this summer. Among them: Four baby pandas conspire to thwart their zookeeper as she rakes leaves in their enclosure. A clip of monkey nurses assisting humans features a zany series of comedic pratfalls and charming   gestures. And a group of human firefighters line up to salute the last surviving Sept. 11 search dog as he hobbles down the sidewalk on the way to the vet’s office, where he’ll soon be put to sleep. The genre has also been revived by videos that take humans out of the equation entirely. There are no fingers to point in the case of a mysterious duck that waddled unexpectedly into the life of a depressed, elderly dog. Perhaps sweeter still is the emerging   of    revenge. In “Cow Gets Pissed Off at Kid,” a journalist stages an interview near the prize cows of a local fair when some little punk enters the shot and starts beating on a couple of cows. The cows fight back, and the video concludes with the child flailing for help and getting pulled to safety. He emerges chastened, but unharmed.",0
3676,"Chart of The Day: What Escape Velocity? Core CapEx Orders Down 7 Straight Months, 20 out of Last 23","Chart of The Day: What Escape Velocity? Core CapEx Orders Down 7 Straight Months, 20 out of Last 23   
 ",0
3677,No Escape From Black Holes? Stephen Hawking Points to a Possible Exit - The New York Times,"CAMBRIDGE, Mass.  —   “A black hole has no hair. ” That mysterious,   statement by the theorist and legendary phrasemaker John Archibald Wheeler of Princeton has stood for half a century as one of the brute pillars of modern physics. It describes the ability of nature, according to classical gravitational equations, to obliterate most of the attributes and properties of anything that falls into a black hole, playing havoc with science’s ability to predict the future and tearing at our understanding of how the universe works. Now it seems that statement might be wrong. Recently Stephen Hawking, who has spent his entire career battling a form of Lou Gehrig’s disease, wheeled across the stage in Harvard’s hoary,   Sanders Theater to do battle with the black hole. It is one of the most fearsome demons ever conjured by science, and one partly of his own making: a cosmic pit so deep and dense and endless that it was long thought that nothing  —   not even light, not even a thought  —   could ever escape. But Dr. Hawking was there to tell us not to be so afraid. In a paper to be published this week in Physical Review Letters, Dr. Hawking and his colleagues Andrew Strominger of Harvard and Malcolm Perry of Cambridge University in England say they have found a clue pointing the way out of black holes. “They are not the eternal prisons they were once thought,” Dr. Hawking said in his famous robot voice, now processed through a synthesizer. “If you feel you are trapped in a black hole, don’t give up. There is a way out. ” Black holes are the most ominous prediction of Einstein’s general theory of relativity: Too much matter or energy concentrated in one place would cause space to give way, swallowing everything inside like a magician’s cloak. An eternal prison was the only metaphor scientists had for these monsters until 40 years ago, when Dr. Hawking turned black holes upside down  —   or perhaps inside out. His equations showed that black holes would not last forever. Over time, they would “leak” and then explode in a fountain of radiation and particles. Ever since, the burning question in physics has been: When the black hole finally goes, does it give up the secrets of everything that fell in? Dr. Hawking’s calculation was, and remains, hailed as a breakthrough in understanding the connection between gravity and quantum mechanics, between the fabric of space and the subatomic particles that live inside it  —   the large and the small in the universe. But there was a hitch. By Dr. Hawking’s estimation, the radiation coming out of the black hole as it fell apart would be random. As a result, most of the “information” about what had fallen in  —   all of the attributes and properties of the things sucked in, whether elephants or donkeys, Volkswagens or Cadillacs  —   would be erased. In a riposte to Einstein’s famous remark that God does not play dice, Dr. Hawking said in 1976, “God not only plays dice with the universe, but sometimes throws them where they can’t be seen. ” But his calculation violated a tenet of modern physics: that it is always possible in theory to reverse time, run the proverbial film backward and reconstruct what happened in, say, the collision of two cars or the collapse of a dead star into a black hole. The universe, like a kind of supercomputer, is supposed to be able to keep track of whether one car was a green pickup truck and the other was a red Porsche, or whether one was made of matter and the other antimatter. These things may be destroyed, but their “information”  —   their essential physical attributes  —   should live forever. In fact, the information seemed to be lost in the black hole, according to Dr. Hawking, as if part of the universe’s memory chip had been erased. According to this theorem, only information about the mass, charge and angular momentum of what went in would survive. Nothing about whether it was antimatter or matter, male or female, sweet or sour. A war of words and ideas ensued. The information paradox, as it is known, was no abstruse debate, as Dr. Hawking pointed out from the stage of the Sanders Theater in April. Rather, it challenged foundational beliefs about what reality is and how it works. If the rules break down in black holes, they may be lost in other places as well, he warned. If foundational information disappears into a gaping maw, the notion of a “past” itself may be in jeopardy  —   we couldn’t even be sure of our own histories. Our memories could be illusions. “It’s the past that tells us who we are. Without it we lose our identity,” he said. Fortunately for historians, Dr. Hawking conceded defeat in the black hole information debate 10 years ago, admitting that advances in string theory, the   theory of everything, had left no room in the universe for information loss. At least in principle, then, he agreed, information is always preserved  —   even in the smoke and ashes when you, say, burn a book. With the right calculations, you should be able reconstruct the patterns of ink, the text. Dr. Hawking paid off a bet with John Preskill, a Caltech physicist, with a baseball encyclopedia, from which information can be easily retrieved. But neither Dr. Hawking nor anybody else was able to come up with a convincing explanation for how that happens and how all this “information” escapes from the deadly erasing clutches of a black hole. Indeed, a group of physicists four years ago tried to figure it out and suggested controversially that there might be a firewall of energy just inside a black hole that stops anything from getting out or even into a black hole. The new results do not address that issue. But they do undermine the famous notion that black holes have “no hair”  —   that they are shorn of the essential properties of the things they have consumed. About four years ago, Dr. Strominger started noodling around with theoretical studies about gravity dating to the early 1960s. Interpreted in a modern light, the papers  —   published in 1962 by Hermann Bondi, M. G. J. van der Burg, A. W. K. Metzner and Rainer Sachs, and in 1965 by Steven Weinberg, later a recipient of the Nobel Prize  —   suggested that gravity was not as ruthless as Dr. Wheeler had said. Looked at from the right vantage point, black holes might not be not be bald at all. The right vantage point is not from a great distance in space  —   the normal assumption in theoretical calculations  —   but from a far distance in time, the far future, technically known as “null infinity. ” “Null infinity is where light rays go if they are not trapped in a black hole,” Dr. Strominger tried to explain over coffee in Harvard Square recently. From this point of view, you can think of light rays on the surface of a black hole as a bundle of straws all pointing outward, trying to fly away at the speed of, of course, light. Because of the black hole’s immense gravity, they are stuck. But the individual straws can slide inward or outward along their futile tracks, slightly advancing or falling back, under the influence of incoming material. When a particle falls into a black hole, it slides the straws of light back and forth, a process called a supertranslation. That leaves a telltale pattern on the horizon, the invisible boundary that is the point of no return of a black hole  —   a halo of “soft hair,” as Dr. Strominger and his colleagues put it. That pattern, like the pixels on your iPhone or the wavy grooves in a vinyl record, contains information about what has passed through the horizon and disappeared. “One often hears that black holes have no hair,” Dr. Strominger and a postdoctoral researcher, Alexander Zhiboedov, wrote in a 2014 paper. Not true: “Black holes have a lush infinite head of supertranslation hair. ” Enter Dr. Hawking. For years, he and Dr. Strominger and a few others had gotten together to work in seclusion at a Texas ranch owned by the oilman and fracking pioneer George P. Mitchell. Because Dr. Hawking was discouraged from flying, in April 2014 the retreat was in Hereford, Britain. It was there that Dr. Hawking first heard about soft hair  —   and was very excited. He, Dr. Strominger and Dr. Perry began working together. In Stockholm that fall, he made a splash when he announced that a resolution to the information paradox was at hand  —   somewhat to the surprise of Dr. Strominger and Dr. Perry, who has been trying to maintain an understated stance. Although information gets hopelessly scrambled, Dr. Hawking declared, it “can be recovered in principle, but it is lost for all practical purposes. ” In January, Dr. Hawking, Dr. Strominger and Dr. Perry posted a paper online titled “Soft Hair on Black Holes,” laying out the basic principles of their idea. In the paper, they are at pains to admit that knocking the pins out from under the   theorem is a far cry from solving the information paradox. But it is progress. Their work suggests that science has been missing something fundamental about how black holes evaporate, Dr. Strominger said. And now they can sharpen their questions. “I hope we have the tiger by the tail,” he said. Whether or not soft hair is enough to resolve the information paradox, nobody really knows. Reaction from other physicists has been reserved. Juan Maldacena of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, N. J. said of the new proposal, “Its significance for the black hole information problem remains to be seen. But it is probable that it plays some role. ” Dr. Strominger has serious street cred when it comes to black holes. In a celebrated calculation in 1996, he and Cumrun Vafa computed the information content of a black hole, verifying Dr. Hawking’s famous conjecture that black holes explode. Their work is still one of the greatest achievements of string theory, the vaunted and yet unproved theory of everything. If this estimate of the content in a black hole matches one made from supertranslations, physicists would arrive at a fundamental, new understanding of how they work. But Dr. Strominger and Dr. Perry admit that they are not anywhere near doing that yet. In a new paper not yet released, Dr. Strominger said that they had been able to show that information could also be encoded in the twisting of light beams trying to escape from the black hole, not just their sliding back and forth. At Harvard last month, Dr. Hawking, who has a taste for dramatic statements, doubled down on his Stockholm declaration. “When I wrote my paper 40 years ago, I thought the information would pass into another universe,” he told me. Now he thinks the information is stored on the black hole’s horizon. “The information will be   when the black hole evaporates. My work with my colleagues Andy Strominger of Harvard and Malcolm Perry of Cambridge has shown us the mechanism for information retrieval from a black hole. ” You could even get out of a black hole, at least in principle. Limits can always be transcended. Dr. Hawking himself is proof enough. He has long been confined to a wheelchair, yet raised three children, published the   “A Brief History of Time,” lost his voice to a tracheotomy, divorced, remarried, divorced again. He has become something of a pop icon. Last week, he called Donald J. Trump a “demagogue. ” He has survived several pneumonia episodes. Prior to his appearance in Boston, he arrived in New York on a Swiss ambulance airplane with a retinue that includes nurses and an IT expert to keep his computer and voice synthesizer working. His intellect is perhaps exceeded only by his stubbornness. Dr. Hawking and his colleagues worked in a hotel by day and were feted at night, including a party at the home of the media baron Rupert Murdoch. The considerable expense was covered by Yuri Milner, a Russian philanthropist and entrepreneur, who wanted Dr. Hawking on hand to help announce a new project to see if we can fly   spaceships to Alpha Centauri, the nearest star. “What makes humans unique?” Dr. Hawking asked rhetorically during the ceremony atop One World Center. “Gravity keeps us down, but I flew here on an airplane. I lost my voice, but I can speak through a voice synthesizer. ” “How do we transcend these limits?” he went on. “With our minds and our machines. ”",0
3678,"EXCLUSIVE: In Trump’s NSC, Women Run the Show","As women all over the world celebrated Women’s History Month this March, little attention focused on the number of women who form the backbone of President Trump’s National Security Council. [His two deputy national security advisers  —   K. T. McFarland (pictured above) and Dina Powell, and the person in charge of writing the national security strategy  —   Nadia Schadlow  —   are women.  It’s likely the first time that women have held those positions simultaneously  —   no insignificant fact in a field that’s still  . Together, McFarland, Powell and Schadlow bring different strengths to the table. McFarland is an experienced national security hand, starting at the NSC in 1970, as an    college freshman. “At that time, there were maybe two women who were research assistants, but to be a professional expert on the national security council as a woman, in that era, at the very beginning of the baby boom, that just wasn’t going to be an option for women,” she said. “It wasn’t that we were discriminated against, it just wasn’t thought of. ” It was a momentous time  —   Richard Nixon was president, Henry Kissinger was national security adviser. The issues were the Vietnam War, Paris Peace Accords, opening to China, arms control with the Soviet Union, Middle East shuttle diplomacy. McFarland started at the NSC as the nightshift secretary and left in 1976 as a research assistant. She later returned to government when Ronald Reagan became president, and was one of the highest ranking women at the Defense Department. Her experience served her well for her first challenge on the job: Building an NSC from scratch, particularly since her   Retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, had never worked in the White House before. McFarland said she got the call from Trump on Thanksgiving night. Her first call was to her mentor, Kissinger. She then brought him and subsequent cabinet officials in to discuss their experiences. “Since President Trump did not come into office having a long experience in foreign policy and national security, had never been in government before, had never been in office before, I thought it made a lot of sense for us to start at the beginning and look   …     at former national security advisers,” she said. In the meantime, they were talking to Trump every day  —   he was already meeting and taking calls from foreign leaders. “It was a heady time, it was an exhausting time,” McFarland recalls. On January 20, she came into her new office. Her new desk was about 20 feet from where her first desk was, 47 years ago. She placed a call to Kissinger, so the dispatcher could say, “Henry Kissinger, the White House is calling. ” “He was so moved and so touched,” she said. McFarland said the first thing Trump asked her to do is look at North Korea. She convened the deputies at the Departments of State, Defense, and Treasury, the Joint Chiefs, and from the intelligence community, and instructed them to come back in a few weeks with some ideas, and to “think outside the box. ” “Don’t just think about a little bit of sanctions, a little bit of diplomacy. Open it wide, and think of any creative ideas you can and come back to us. And so they did. And what I was very impressed with was they had thought outside the box on a lot of things, and so we were able to craft some really good options for the president on how to deal with North Korea’s nuclear weapons program and that’s the process he’s in now,” she said. “We’ll do this for other issues as well  —   China, Russia, Venezuela, we’re going to look at the whole range of these issues for the president,” she added. McFarland calls terrorism “the challenge of our day. ” She said while there were kamikaze attacks during World War II, today’s terrorists are targeting civilians, not military targets, and are “happy to die as long as they can bring others with them. ” “If you look at the history of warfare, people always wanted to survive,” she said. “This is a threat we’ve never seen before. ” Fellow Deputy National Security Adviser Powell brings to the table 10 years of working on Wall Street and a “get it done” mindset. She first came into the Trump administration as an assistant to the president and senior counselor for economic initiatives. But it also made sense for Powell, an   who was born in Cairo, migrated to Texas when she was four, and worked in the former George W. Bush administration and Congress on defense issues, to expand her role to the foreign policy realm. Powell, who wants to stay out of the spotlight, is working closely with McFarland and Schadlow to help build out the national security strategy. She particularly believes in the economic empowerment of women, particularly in the Middle East. Coming from one   career field to another, she believes that talent will carry one through  —   whether it’s from a male or female. Still, she recognizes that it can be hard for women to be confident in areas where there might not be a lot of other women, and that sometimes there have to be role models to pave the way. Hers were former National Security Adviser and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, and former Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison ( ). Schadlow, in addition to experience in government as a presidential management fellow, brings to the table experience in thinking deeply about   national security planning. Her first assignment in government was at the Department of the Army, where she was first exposed to the military. She later became the Pentagon’s first desk officer for Ukraine after the fall of the Soviet Union, a job that is the equivalent of country director today. Wanting more career mobility, she left the government for the   Foundation, where she researched emerging national security threats  —   which she said was great preparation for her current role. Her role models include Marin Strmecki, senior vice president at the   Foundation, but also her mother, who migrated from Italy to give her three daughters more opportunity, and encouraged them to be independent. Supporting McFarland, Powell and Schadlow is another echelon of accomplished women, such as Victoria Coates, senior director for strategic assessments at the NSC.  Coates (pictured right) is a protégé of Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Gov. Rick Perry ( ) and former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. She last served as Cruz’s senior national security adviser. She has a Ph. D. in art history, and recently published a book on the history of democracy. Her role models were her mother, who is a chief compliance officer at a large firm, and Rumsfeld. She also credits McFarland with being a great friend and mentor. A typical day for them involves lots and lots of meetings. McFarland said a typical day involves getting up at 5 a. m. getting into office by 7 a. m. and receiving an intelligence briefing of major developments. Some days, she has an additional briefing on specific topics. Around 10 a. m. she usually goes in to see the president with her   Army Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, the CIA Director and other national security officials for the president’s daily briefing. “Then the rest of the day, I’m chairing meetings, I’m meeting with people on the NSC staff in the intelligence community, members of the White House staff, and then my day usually goes until seven or eight or nine o’clock at night,” she said. On one recent day, there were meetings ranging from Montenegro, Kurdish independence, to North Korea. The job is not particularly family friendly. The main obstacle? Classification issues. Much of the work can only be done in a secure environment inside the White House. That means mom has to live and work in Washington, D. C. McFarland’s five children are grown, but Powell, Schadlow and Coates all have young children who live at home outside of D. C. “You’re still not ever going to have it all  —   it’s impossible,” said Schadlow, who has three children. “I wished many times that I was a little more engaged with what my kids were learning in school, and I had the time to do a deep dive and just be part of that intellectual life that they’re experiencing, and in some ways I can’t do it    especially now,” she said. She said while there are more services for working mothers these days, it’s still a challenge. “Of course there are tradeoffs. My house is always a wreck,” she laughs. “It’s real. It’s a constant balance. ” Coates, who has a    daughter and    son, says it makes the time spent together more special. “I went to spring training with my son. We had 36 hours together  …     but they were 36 really good hours,” she said. Schadlow said as difficult as it is to be away from family, it can also be a luxury just to focus on work. “When you’re at home as a working mom, you’re constantly multitasking all day long, managing everyone’s schedules. A lot defaults to the mom, I think, still,” she said. “And here  —   no cell phones in your office, no way to communicate really    in the office. It’s really all about your work. ” “I’m so happy to have the opportunity. It’s a luxury to jump in and focus on one thing for awhile, and knowing that everyone at home has sort of agreed to just take care the  ” she said. At the NSC, the women say they’ve found no difference in treatment due to their gender. McFarland calls Trump an “equal opportunity guy. ” “President Trump is an equal opportunity guy in the sense of, I’m in a room, and as I said, I’m in the president’s daily briefing in the morning, and sometimes there’s only one woman in the room, and sometimes the vice president’s national security adviser  —   also a woman, Col. Andrea Thompson, is there, and the president will look at us and expect us to answer the tough questions just as readily as anybody else,” she said. “In fact sometimes when the really tough questions come, I look around at my male colleagues who are afraid to say something, and I’m the first one to jump in and say, ‘Well you could think of it this way, Mr. President.’ And often the only other person who jumps right in with me is the other woman,” she said. Her advice to women in any career field? “Don’t settle. Don’t settle for second best. And don’t quit, and don’t give up. ”",0
3679,What It’s Like To Be A Welder,"By day, I work in a scrap yard. It is not glamorous, but glamour does not pay my bills. In the evening, I teach in a welding program at a community college.
Like many others, I once bought into the fallacy that you need a piece of paper from a university to succeed in life. At the age of thirty, I graduated from a university with an undergraduate degree, and the customary debt, which came along with it. Twenty-nine years later, I see how wrong I was.
Soon after graduating, I obtained an office job and moved to a city where I knew no one. The job I was so optimistic about turned out to be like marriage to a crack whore. Each day was as if walking through a minefield full of dysfunctional women, emasculated men, drama, backstabbing, cat-fights, and every other problem associated with modern workplaces. Worse yet, the cut male managers allowed trim to be in charge resulting in a fucked up toxic culture. After three tumultuous and abusive years, I found myself unceremoniously kicked to the curb, and surprisingly relieved.
After a lengthy stint of unemployment, I landed an entry-level job in a metal fabrication company. One of the benefits offered was tuition reimbursement for work related classes. I enrolled in welding classes at night, and upgraded my skills, all on my employer’s dime.
I immediately noticed a difference from my previous job. I worked exclusively with men. Except for a few token assholes, the men liked their solitude, did their jobs, and left each other alone. The work was varied, creative, and with overtime, the pay was decent. The fact that I had a work ethic, showed up every day on time, and desired to learn earned me respect quickly.
I eventually went down a different path, but returned to welding part-time as an adjunct instructor.
Welding is the joining of two metal pieces or parts by applying heat. A filler metal, or electrode, helps to make the joint. Power source supplies electricity required for heat, and a shielding gas or flux-covered electrode aids in the welding process.
The most common welding processes are Gas Metal Arc Welding (GMAW), Flux Core Arc Welding (FCAW), Gas Tungsten Arc Welding (GTAW), and Shielded Metal Arc Welding (SMAW). Of these, Gas Metal Arc Welding is the easiest to learn and offers the fastest production. Welding involves both Ferrous (steel) and Non-ferrous metals (aluminum, stainless steel).
Why Welding? 1. According to a Bureau of Labor report, the need for welders will grow by 26 percent by 2020.
2. According to a National Association of Manufacturers report, nearly 81 percent of manufacturers in the United States report that they cannot find skilled welders to meet demand.
3. The American Welding Society reports that the average age for a welder is now in the mid-fifties
4. Entry-level wages in my region average $28,000-$40,000 annually, with skilled welders earning $50,000 and more after five years in the trade.
I frequently hear from employers who are desperate for skilled welders. One plant manager told me “there are too many computer jockeys and not enough people who can weld and turn a wrench.” Another manufacturer told me “we have over a dozen welders retiring and no one to replace them”. Further, the school I teach at has more jobs available than they have students enrolled.
What Welders Do Welders work in manufacturing, construction, maintenance repair facilities, and service companies. Welders typically work eight-hour shifts and a five-day week, but overtime is common. Welders often perform other duties like operating metal fabrication equipment and doing assembly work.
The more skills a welder develops, the more value and earning potential he has. For example, being able to weld, cut and fit up metals, and read weld symbols and prints will command a higher wage. Becoming certified in certain weld procedures also increases a welder’s wages and marketability.
Qualifications 
Welding is the quintessential blue-collar job. It is physically demanding, hot, dirty, and requires a high degree of skill. Other personal characteristics are good eyesight and hand eye coordination, good manual dexterity, and good concentration.
Training Community colleges offer affordable training for entry-level jobs in welding. Most programs are nine months, but my school also offers a sixteen-week work ready certificate in welding. Students learn common welding processes, thermal cutting processes, and blueprint reading. Unlike the typical ivory palace college professors, instructors are required to have a minimum of three years related and verifiable industrial experience. Job placement is also good.
Additional Facts 
Despite a decent paying skill in high demand, clueless parents and educators continue to dissuade young men from entering blue-collar trades like welding. The result has been an entire generation of young men ruined by hostile four-year colleges, worthless degrees, and insurmountable debt.
Perhaps you are a perceptive and bright young ROK reader considering a career change. In closing, consider these facts.
1. You will always have employment as a welder.
2. Welding skills are highly transferable. You can carry these skills to your next, and often higher paying job.
3. Unlike many white-collar corporate jobs of today, the average welder’s wages increase with skill. Overtime, merit increases, and production bonuses are common benefits for welders.
4. At the end of your shift, you can leave your job at the door.
5. Welding offers a level of creativity, solitude, and seeing the fruits of your labor. Studies show that welders, machinists, and other blue-collar trades have lower suicide rates than many white-collar professions.
6. Welding is often a “gateway trade” into other even higher paying trades like machinist, multi-craft machinery maintenance, and millwright.
7. Welding is a male dominated occupation. Traditionalist men will find it offers some insulation and respite from the typical feminist diatribe and PC bullshit of today’s corporate world.
Conclusion How has welding benefited me? First, I developed reasoning skills, something that academia failed to do. I also developed a thorough understanding of how men do the dirty, nasty, and dangerous jobs in this life. Feminists and elitists can marginalize men all they want, but men risk their lives and health to build and maintain their shit.
Further, welding has opened some doors for me, mainly teaching. My ultimate goal is to teach welding full-time, a late life career change if you will, and one I hope will happen.
Read More: Is A Blue Collar Job for You? 
",0
